'Habitat fragmentation has become a major concern of conservation because of negative influences on plant species declines and extinctions. However, local extinction of species can occur with a temporal delay following habitat fragmentation, which is termed extinction debt. Many studies about extinction debt rely on community equilibrium from relationships between species richness and habitat variables. We assumed that the distribution of many vascular plant species in the coastal range of south-central Chile is not in equilibrium with the present habitat distribution. The aim of this research is to quantify patterns of habitat loss and to detect extinction debt from relationships between the current richness of different assemblages of vascular plants (considering longevity and habitat specialization) and both past and current habitat variables. The results showed that native forests have been fragmented and reduced by 53%, with an annual deforestation rate of 1.99%, in the study area between 1979 and 2011. Current richness of plant species was mostly explained by past habitat area and connectivity. Past habitat variables explained best richness of long-lived specialist plants, which are characterized by restricted habitat specialization and slower population turnover. We also showed that habitat fragmentation has resulted in a significant reduction in long-lived plant species\xe2\x80\x99 \xe2\x80\x9cdwelling patch sizes (DPS)\xe2\x80\x9d between 1979 and 2011. Our analyses provide the first evidence of predicted future losses of plant species in a South American temperate biodiversity hotspot. Consequently, an unknown proportion of the plants in the study area will become extinct if no targeted restoration and conservation action is taken in the near future.'

'Today, native vegetation in the Valdivian Coastal Range (VCR) is restricted to areas where small-scale land use dominates resulting in a vegetation mosaic. This study (1) provides a description of the vegetation types (VT) within the vegetation mosaic, (2) identifies land use drivers that lead to either degradation or recovery processes and, (3) attempts to provide an explanation for the vegetation mosaic with a conceptual model. In two regions of the VCR we sampled 102 plots for composition of vegetation and indicators of livestock browsing, timber cutting and coppice forestry. We classified the vegetation using a flexible beta method and Bray-Curtis distance. Diagnostic species were identified by an extended indicator species analysis. The clustering results were visualized in NMDS and recursive partitioning was used to explain variations in the VTs as a function of the land use variables. Differentiating effects were tested using PERMANOVA and a conceptual model for the vegetation dynamics was developed from the results. Four VTs such as (1) extensively grazed non-native grasslands (EGN); (2), closed and semi-closed grazed Ugni and Berberis shrublands; (3) severely impacted evergreen forests; and (4) sparsely disturbed evergreen forests were recognized. The browsing indicators were important for differentiating the VTs. The EGN grasslands were differentiated by having more than 0.075 dung piles/m\xc2\xb2. Areas with fewer dung piles but direct browsing effects had the greatest impact on vegetation. Forests were preserved when the mean browsing index was equal to or lower than 0.5. The cutting frequency was significant in determining overall floristic composition. We showed that shrublands and evergreen forests within the vegetation mosaic and the result of small-scale farming led to high native forest species richness. This makes the vegetation mosaic especially valuable in a landscape dominated by exotic tree monocultures.'

'BackgroundThe Valdivian temperate rainforest, one of the world\xe2\x80\x99s 25 biodiversity hotspots, is under a continued process of degradation through mismanagement. An approach to reverse this situation might be the development of uneven-aged silviculture, combining biodiversity conservation and timber production.MethodsWe examined the short-term effects of single-tree selection cutting on stand structure and tree species (richness, diversity and composition) in the Llancahue Experimental Forest in south-central Chile to quantify changes in comparison with old-growth rainforests of the evergreen forest type. We compared plots with high and low residual basal areas (60 and 40\xc2\xa0m2\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921) and a control old-growth forest.ResultsBoth cutting regimes achieved a balanced structure with reverse-J diameter distribution, continuous forest cover and sufficient small-sized trees. Compared to the old-growth forest, there were no significant changes in tree species richness and diversity. The only shortcomings detected were significant reductions in diameter and height complexity as assessed by the Gini coefficient, Shannon H\xe2\x80\xb2 and standard deviation, with a significantly lower number of large-sized trees (dbh 50\xc2\xa0cm+, height 23\xc2\xa0m+), especially in the low residual basal area regime.ConclusionsWe suggest the intentional retention of a certain number of large-sized and emergent trees as strategy for biodiversity conservation. If adjusted accordingly, single-tree selection is a promising approach to retain many old-growth attributes of the Valdivian rainforest in managed stands while providing timber for landowners.'

Abstract not available

'The gui\xc3\xb1a (Leopardus guigna) is a small felid found primarily in temperate mixed forests of southern Andean and coastal ranges in Chile and Argentina. It is considered a vulnerable species, and is one of the least studied felids in the world. In this study our main aim was to document the relationship between the activity pattern of the gui\xc3\xb1a and that of its main prey in the Valdivian rainforest (Comau Fjord, southern Chile) using a camera-trap survey. We documented the activity patterns of small mammals and two ground-foraging bird species, as these have been previously cited as the main prey of this felid. Gui\xc3\xb1as showed two nocturnal activity peaks, at the beginning and the end of the night, and a weak peak of activity at midday. Small mammals consistently revealed nocturnal activity, whereas both birds were strongly diurnal. Our results revealed a high overlap between the activity patterns of gui\xc3\xb1as and small mammals, whereas this was negligible for the bird species. These findings support the idea that small mammals are gui\xc3\xb1as\xe2\x80\x99 preferred prey in the Valdivian rainforest. Our study contributes to the understanding of the temporal relationships between the gui\xc3\xb1a and its prey, and may help to design effective management strategies to conserve this vulnerable felid.'

'The Puelo River is a watershed shared between Chile and Argentina with a mean annual streamflow of 644\xc2\xa0m3 s\xe2\x88\x921. It has a high ecologic and economic importance, including introduced farmed salmon, tourism, sports fishing and projected hydroelectricity. Using Austrocedrus chilensis and Pilgerodendron uviferum tree-ring records we reconstructed summer\xe2\x80\x93fall (December\xe2\x80\x93May) Puelo River streamflow, which is the first of such reconstructions developed in the Pacific domain of South America. The reconstruction goes back to 1599 and has an adjusted r\n2 of 0.42. Spectral analysis of the reconstructed streamflow shows a dominant 84-year cycle which explains 25.1% of the total temporal variability. The Puelo River summer\xe2\x80\x93fall streamflow shows a significant correlation (P\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x890.95, 1943\xe2\x80\x932002) with hydrological records throughout a vast geographic range within the Valdivian eco-region (35 to 46\xc2\xb0S). Seasonal Puelo River interannual streamflow variability is related to large-scale oceanic and atmospheric circulation features. Summer\xe2\x80\x93fall streamflows showed a significant negative correlation with the Antarctic Oscillation (AAO), whereas winter\xe2\x80\x93spring anomalies appear to be positively connected with sea surface temperature variations in the tropical Pacific. In general, above- and below-average discharges in winter\xe2\x80\x93spring are related to El Ni\xc3\xb1o and La Ni\xc3\xb1a events, respectively. The temporal patterns of the observed and reconstructed records of the Puelo River streamflow show a general decreasing trend in the 1943\xe2\x80\x931999 period. Projected circulation changes for the next decades in the Southern Hemisphere would decrease summer\xe2\x80\x93fall Puelo River streamflows with significant impacts on salmon production, tourism and hydropower generation.'

'Temperate forests of southern South America are globally important because of their high level of endemism. I argue here that within southern South America, rainforests of the Chilean Coastal Range should be the primary target for new conservation efforts. Historically, most protected areas in southern South America have been designated to preserve forests above 600 m, mainly in the Andes. However, Coastal Range forests have higher species richness and are under greater threat than Andean forests at similar latitudes. Coastal forests are characterized by the presence of numerous narrow-range endemics, among them two monotypic plant families. The higher frequency of endemic species in Coastal Range forests is attributed to its more stable biogeographic history compared to the Andes, particularly during the glacial events of the Quaternary. Due to the extent of human impact, the remaining fragments of coastal forests are quite distant from one another, and are disconnected from the larger protected areas of Andean forests. Only 439000 ha of Valdivian coastal forest still remain, including some remnants of primary forest. New private or public reserves should be created to protect the last remnants of continuous forest remaining on the Coastal Range of the Valdivian region (40\xe2\x80\x9342\xc2\xb0 S). A different conservation strategy should be applied north of 40\xc2\xb0 S, where protected areas are too small and fragments are too scattered to maintain viable populations of most vertebrates. In this latter area, I recommend expanding existing reserves, restoring native forests, and interconnecting remnant forests through a corridor network.'

'The Valdivian Rainforest Ecoregion (35\xc2\xb0\xe2\x80\x9348\xc2\xb0\xc2\xa0S) in southern South America is among the ecosystems with highest conservation priority worldwide due to its rich diversity, degree of endemism, and critical conservation status. Temperate rainforests in this vast area are essential as source of biological resources and to maintain different ecosystem services which remain largely unmeasured and unvalued. Consequently, the benefits they provide are not reflected in decision-making regarding forest management and conservation. Based on existing studies and results from ongoing research we describe selected ecosystem services and provide estimates of their economic value. Timber benefits for secondary forests expressed as net present stumpage values were US$ 3742\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 and US$ 3093\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 for sustainable forest management (SFM) and unsustainable harvesting, respectively. Timber benefits for old growth forests\xe2\x90\xa3equaled US$ 4546\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 and US$ 5718\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921, for SFM and unsustainable harvesting, respectively, using an 8% discount rate. Annual benefits from recreation were US$ 1.6\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 and US$ 6.3\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 for the two most important national parks located in the study area. The annual value of maintaining soil fertility was US$ 26.3\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 using the replacement cost of nutrient losses due to soil erosion. The annual economic value of water supply for human consumption using the production function method was US$ 235\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921. These results provide valuable information on the kind and magnitude of values that could be relevant in decision-making concerning conservation and management of native forests in the Valdivian Rainforest Ecoregion.'

'The Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s fox is one of the most threatened carnivores worldwide and was thought to occur in only two isolated areas. Recently this canid was found in the Valdivian Coastal Range, between the previously known populations, but other than their presence, little is known about these populations. Here we report the results of camera trap surveys conducted between 2012 and 2016 (18,872 camera days), including surveys in 30 different sites\xe2\x80\x94distributed along c. 400 km\xe2\x80\x94and monitoring in two contiguous protected areas. Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s fox detection rate was higher when forest cover was higher or when domestic dog (Canis familiaris) detection rate was lower. Given confirmed presence, the detection rate was higher for sites in Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island, than in the mainland\xe2\x80\x99s Coastal Range. In mainland, we found evidence of dogs\xe2\x80\x99 presence in most of the sites we detected Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s foxes. In the protected areas monitored, Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s foxes were found to use 12% and 15% of the area sampled in 2015 and 2016 respectively, although there was high uncertainty in the 2016 estimates due to low probability of detection. We did not detect Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s foxes in forestry plantations. Our findings provide support for a continuous distribution along the mainland\xe2\x80\x99s Coastal Range and Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island but we hypothesize\xe2\x80\x94based on the major differences observed in detection rates between these areas\xe2\x80\x94that local densities are lower in mainland than in Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island. Finally, Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s fox appears to be sensitive to human disturbance and these disturbances, especially dogs, are ubiquitous within its newly discovered range.'

'Forestry plantations represent about 4\xc2\xa0% of the global land cover and demand for wood is steadily increasing worldwide. Impacts of forest plantations on biodiversity are controversial; forest plantations could positively influence biodiversity by producing a buffer zone between native forests and agriculture, while replacement of native forests with plantations could reduce biodiversity. Chile is one of the main producers of wood worldwide, and production is largely based on intensively managed monocultures of exotic tree species. Only a few studies have looked at the effects of forestry plantations on biodiversity in Chile, mainly focusing on pine plantations. The aim of this study was to characterize habitat use and richness of bats between native forests, eucalyptus plantations and grasslands in a biodiversity hotspot in southern Chile to determine how land use affects an important mammalian taxa. We found no difference in use or richness of bats in eucalyptus plantations versus native forests. Regional context within the larger Valdivian watershed (Andes, central valley, coastal range) had a stronger influence on bat activity and richness than land use type (native forest, plantation, grassland), with the Andean region being the most diverse and where most bat activity is concentrated. Our results suggest that the composition and structure of the surrounding landscape mosaic may be fundamental to determine the impacts of forestry and human land use on biodiversity.'

'Ecosystem management is a conservation strategy, but there is not a standard protocol for implementation. In theory, ecosystem management will utilize the best available science to sustain social-ecological systems in the landscape by maximizing multiple ecosystem services expected from the stakeholders\xe2\x80\x99 of those systems. Llancahue is a watershed (1,270\xc2\xa0ha) that provides fresh water to the city of Valdivia (130,000 inhabitants) and protects >700\xc2\xa0ha of old-growth forest within a severely disturbed landscape in the lowlands of south-central Chile. The native vegetation of this landscape is the threatened Valdivian Temperate Rainforests. Management of the watershed by the Universidad Austral de Chile needs to both provide timber and work to the neighboring campesinos (small poor rural land owners) who were illegally logging the forest and improve the conservation of the old-growth forests and the quantity and quality of water provided by the watershed. This paper demonstrates how adaptive management has utilized a multi-step process to improve management of the watershed. This process has included (1) understanding stakeholders\xe2\x80\x99 views towards the project, (2) developing an ecosystem management plan for the watershed that balanced multiple societal demands and ecosystem functions from the watershed, and (3) monitoring the Llancahue forest and streams to ensure activities provided desired results. This paper reports results after 4\xc2\xa0years of implementation and provides perspectives on the ecosystem management approach.'

'This contribution aims to improve our knowledge of the structural peculiarities of natural forest communities in southern Chile, paying special attention to leaf lifespan and morphology. Species are classified into 17 life-form categories. Using information contained in Braun-Blanquet relev\xc3\xa9s, the relative frequency of the life-form categories, based on quantitative importance such as cover degree (not mere species numbers), is calculated for 26 natural forests. Communities are categorized as belonging to six different types: (A) evergreen forests; (B) forests with mixed laurophyll-deciduous canopy; (C) forests with mixed canopy of sclerophyllous or small / needle-leaved evergreens and deciduous species (specifically C.1 with dwarf-shrub or grass field layer, and C.2 with laurophyll and mesophyll shrubs and a relatively sparse field layer); and (D) deciduous forests (specifically D.1 with laurophyll undergrowth, and D.2 with a herbaceous ground cover). In the gradient from warm and dry to cool and wet, the characteristic composition of the structural elements reflects climatic site properties, revealed by the distribution of the vegetation units. This gradient represents a gradual retreat of evergreen elements from top (upper tree layer) to bottom (undergrowth), which always follows the order from laurophyllous to sclerophyllous elements, and from small or needle-leaved to deciduous elements. Finally, this retreat terminates in the rare structural type characterized by purely herbaceous ground cover beneath a deciduous canopy. Shifts between structural types do not necessarily involve variation in species composition. These units, reacting rapidly even to slight changes in site conditions, seem to be especially well-suited to monitor changing climatic effects. Human impact on forests, resulting in community shifts towards vegetation of warmer and drier habitats, causes structural changes, as does natural disturbance.'

'In the South American temperate evergreen rainforest (Valdivian forest), invasive plants are mainly restricted to open sites, being rare in the shaded understory. This is consistent with the notion of closed-canopy forests as communities relatively resistant to plant invasions. However, alien plants able to develop shade tolerance could be a threat to this unique forest. Phenotypic plasticity and local adaptation are two mechanisms enhancing invasiveness. Phenotypic plasticity can promote local adaptation by facilitating the establishment and persistence of invasive species in novel environments. We investigated the role of these processes in the recent colonization of Valdivian forest understory by the perennial alien herb Prunella vulgaris from nearby populations in open sites. Using reciprocal transplants, we found local adaptation between populations. Field data showed that the shade environment selected for taller plants and greater specific leaf areas. We found population differentiation and within-population genetic variation in both mean values and reaction norms to light variation of several ecophysiological traits in common gardens from seeds collected in sun and shade populations. The colonization of the forest resulted in a reduction of plastic responses to light variation, which is consistent with the occurrence of genetic assimilation and suggests that P. vulgaris individuals adapted to the shade have reduced probabilities to return to open sites. All results taken together confirm the potential for rapid evolution of shade tolerance in P. vulgaris and suggest that this alien species may pose a threat to the native understory flora of Valdivian forest.'

'ContextLand-use change impacts biodiversity and ecosystem services, which are intrinsically related. There is a serious lack of knowledge concerning on how land-use change affects this relationship at landscape level, where the greatest impacts have been reported. A proper knowledge of that relationship would provide crucial information for planning conservation strategies. The forest landscape of southern Chile, which includes Valdivian Temperate Forest, has been designated as a hotspot for biodiversity conservation. However, this landscape has been transformed by land-use change.ObjectiveWe evaluated the impact of land-use change on the spatial patterns of the diversity of native forest habitat and the influence of these impacts on the provision of the ecosystem services water supply, erosion control, and organic matter accumulation from 1986 to 2011.MethodsThe evaluation, at the landscape level, was carried out using satellite images, landscape metrics, spatially explicit models and generalized linear models. Results: We found that the area loss of native forest habitat was 12%, the number patches of native forest habitat increased more than 150% and the Shannon diversity index decreased by 0.20. The largest decrease in the provision of services was recorded for erosion control (346%), and the smallest for water supply (11%).ConclusionsThe loss of provision of the ecosystem services can be explained by the interaction between the area loss, increase in the number patches and diversity loss. We recommend that the conservation planning strategies should consider the current landscape configuration, complemented with land-use planning.'

'Domestic dogs can play a variety of important roles for farmers. However, when in proximity to conservation areas, the presence of rural free-ranging dogs can be problematic due to the potential for predation of, competition with, or transmission of infectious disease to local threatened fauna. We used a frequent location radio tracking technology to study rural free-ranging dog movements and habitat use into sensitive conservation habitats. To achieve a better understanding of foray behaviors in dogs we monitored dogs (n = 14) in rural households located in an isolated area between the Valdivian Coastal Reserve and the Alerce Costero National Park in southern Chile. Dogs were mostly located near households (<200 m) but exhibited a diurnal pattern of directed excursions (forays) away from their home locations. Dogs spent, on average, 5.3% of their time in forays with average per dog foray distances from the house ranging 0.5\xe2\x80\x931.9 km (maximum distance detected 4.3 km). Foraying behavior was positively associated with pasture habitat compared to forest habitat including protected lands. Foraying dogs rarely used forest habitat and, when entered, trails and/or roads were selected for movement. Our study provides important information about how dogs interact in a fine-scale with wildlife habitat, and, in particular, protected lands, providing insight into how dog behavior might drive wildlife interactions, and, in turn, how an understanding of dog behavior can be used to manage these interactions.'

'There has been much emphasis placed on the economic contribution that non-timber forest products (NTFP) can make to rural livelihoods of people living in or near forests. In this study we focus on the benefits of greenery obtained from two tree species, romerillo (Lomatia\xc2\xa0ferruginea (Cav.) R. Br.) and avellano (Gevuina\xc2\xa0avellana Mol.), collected by indigenous women in southern Chile. Trees producing commercial-quality leaves grew in secondary forests dominated by species usually abundant in ecological formations that follow forest degradation. Natural availability of greenery was relatively low (658 and 38 commercial leaves per hectare for romerillo and avellano, respectively) which added to restrictive market conditions resulted in modest financial returns and a contribution to household income of less than 1%. Our results confirm that trade on NTFP does not always lead to significant income generation. Yet, the information provided, represents a basis to explore management alternatives, such as agroforestry schemes, which can potentially expand greenery yield and economic returns.'

"The diversity of native species assemblages and that of indigenous cultures that once characterized the temperate forests of southern Chile have experienced a process of homogenization ever since the Spanish conquest. Today this process continues to erode both biotic and cultural diversity. With the goal of linking ecological research with actions to conserve the biological and cultural richness of this region, we established the Institute of Ecological Research Chilo\xc3\xa9. The Institute's philosophy and activities involve three approaches: (1) participation of professional ecologists in environmental education and decision making, through collaboration with the community at local, regional, and global scales. (2) programs of ecological education, which include planting indigenous trees in urban areas and creating a local botanical garden with representative Chilean forest species. (3) critical analyses of the narrow economic and utilitarian environmental ethics that currently prevail in Chile, and often in other Latin American nations, and examination of traditional or novel alternative ethics and perspectives that address multiple interrelations between biological and cultural dimensions."

'Any conservation strategy must deal with the uncertainty caused by anthropogenic climate change. In order to forecast such changes, the climate change velocity approach has been used to measure ecosystem exposure to this phenomenon. The Tropical Andes and the Chilean Winter Rainfall-Valdivian Forests (Central Chile) hotspots are priority for conservation due to their high species richness and threats, where climate change is one of the serious pressures to their ecosystems. Even though previous studies have forecasted future climate velocity patterns across the globe, these biodiversity hotspots lack a regional evaluation of the vulnerability to climate change to inform conservation decisions. In this study, we evaluated the vulnerability of terrestrial ecosystems to climate change velocity at the Southern South America ecoregional system, by using regional climatic data that improves the accuracy of predictions. We estimated forward and backward velocities for temperature and precipitation, and we performed a protected area-level analysis of climate change vulnerability. Also, we compared our results with previous evaluations. We found that forward velocity was higher in the Tropical Andes hotspot for both climatic variables analyzed, whereas backward velocity was higher in the Central Chile hotspot considering just the temperature variable. Finally, we found that in the Central Chile hotspot, smaller protected areas are more vulnerable to climate change as measured by climate change velocity, whereas in the Tropical Andes hotspot, larger protected areas are more vulnerable. Several rapid change areas are expected along the two hotspots. These findings have important conservation implications in the region, especially for the protected areas.'

'Mapping geographic trends in biodiversity is a key step in conservation planning, which has been mainly focused on taxonomic criteria or species of particular concern. More recently, higher consideration of ecosystem functioning has been advocated, allocating more attention to traits and functional diversity of species assemblages. Carnivorans (Mammalia: Carnivora) are charismatic, albeit threatened, species that variously affect ecosystem functioning through consumptive processes, and whose functional diversity depends on traits associated with their trophic habits and energetic requirements. Yet, analyses of spatial trends in the diversity and vulnerability of carnivoran assemblages have mostly focused on taxonomic and phylogenetic criteria. Then, the present study assessed the vulnerability of the functional richness of South American carnivoran assemblages, both at continental and regional levels. As a first diagnostic of vulnerability, the form of the association between functional richness and species richness (FRS) was assessed through simulations. The resulting nearly linear association indicated low functional redundancy and high sensitivity to global extinctions. A more realistic FRS accounting for actual extinction threats exacerbated losses of functional richness. Further, a positive correlation between effect and response traits suggests non-compensatory responses to environmental stressors by functionally redundant species and, thus, sensitivity of carnivoran functional richness to ongoing trends in land conversion and habitat degradation. Regionally, functional richness paralleled latitudinal gradients in species richness, but vulnerability did not entirely match these variables in space, nor did it risk estimates that accounted for regions\xe2\x80\x99 conservation status. This suggests regional differentiation in conservation priorities, complementing existing taxonomically oriented prioritization schemes.'

'The goal of biodiversity hotspots is to identify regions around the world where conservation priorities should be focused. We undertake a geographic information system and remote sensing analysis to identify the rarest and least protected forests in biodiversity hotspots. World Wildlife Fund ecoregions with terrestrial forest were subset from 34 biodiversity hotspots and forest cover calculated from GlobCover data at a 300\xc2\xa0m pixel resolution. There were 276 ecoregions in 32 biodiversity hotspots classified as containing terrestrial forests. When the first quartile of forest ecoregions was subset based on smallest extent of forest cover in protected areas, there were 69 rare forests identified within 20 biodiversity hotspots. Most rare forest ecoregions (45) occurred on islands or island archipelagos and 47 rare forest ecoregions contained less than 10\xc2\xa0% forest cover in protected areas. San F\xc3\xa9lix-San Ambrosio Islands Temperate Forests, Tubuai Tropical Moist Forests, Maldives-Lakshadweep-Chagos Archipelago Tropical Moist Forests, and Yap Tropical Dry Forests were identified as the least protected and possibly most vulnerable forests within biodiversity hotspots. These ecoregions cover less than 500\xc2\xa0km2, forest cover is less than 50\xc2\xa0km2, and there are no protected areas. There is a need to update classifications and boundaries of protected areas, insure that islands are included in global land cover datasets, and identify levels of endemism and endangerment within forest ecoregions. This should improve our ability to compare, prioritize, and monitor forests in biodiversity hotspots.'

'General assessments of ecotourism and community-led development offer conflicting views of these strategies\xe2\x80\x99 potential. Appraisals of successful projects add to the available knowledge that policy makers can use to improve decision-making. The Mapu Lahual Network of Indigenous Parks (RML), an ecotourism development and conservation project in the 10th Region of southern Chile, covers 45,000\xc2\xa0ha within the territories of eight indigenous communities, in a part of southern Chile that national and international conservation organizations consider a high priority for ecological conservation. Elected leaders of the indigenous communities established the RML in 2000 with technical assistance from public agencies and financial assistance from national and environmental organizations. The RML\xe2\x80\x99s primary purpose is to increase and diversify per-capita incomes in a way that preserves the area\xe2\x80\x99s environment and culture by establishing tourism based on a system of parks, trails, campgrounds, and local services. This paper appraises the RML with respect to the common interest of the relevant local, national, and international communities. The policy sciences provide a contextual basis for practical recommendations that will help participants build on the project\xe2\x80\x99s strengths and correct its weaknesses. The RML initiative provides a model of a development process that has been constructively supported by members of public agencies and conservation organizations. The strategies employed in the RML could be diffused and adapted in other contexts.'

'We characterize the bird assemblage of an isolated relict temperaterainforest (Santa In\xc3\xa9s) in terms of its structure, composition anddynamics. The relict character and long-term isolation of this forest remnant,immersed in a matrix of semiarid scrub, provide a natural experiment to assessthe consequences of long-term isolation and forest area reduction for temperatebird species. Bird surveys were conducted in a forest fragment and thesurrounding scrub matrix between April 1999 (austral autumn) and October 2000(austral spring) on a seasonal basis. Within the forest fragment wedistinguished two microhabitat types: creeks and areas far from creeks (i.e.slopes). A total of 36 species were recorded in the study site, of which 21were inside the relict forest. Highest bird abundance and richness wererecorded during winter and spring, and these were always higher in creek plotsrather than slope plots. Comparisons between this assemblage and thosedistributed in the continuous temperate forest (located more than 900km southwards) indicate that this bird assemblage shares moresimilarities, with regard to bird species composition, to southern temperateforest localities and to other relict forests, than to nearer scrub habitats.However, there are eight species, endemic to temperate forests in southern SouthAmerica, missing from our system. In this regard, our analyses indicate thatthese eight endemic species should be of great conservation concern and willlikely be the ones that will go extinct first if the fragmentation of thetemperate forest continues.'

'In Chilean rain forest the presence and distribution of yeasts were studied during the fungal transformation of wood, producing a partially delignified material used as cattle feed (\xe2\x80\x9chuempe\xe2\x80\x9d). A total of 68 yeast species was reported, including a noticeable proportions of basidiomycetous and xylose-assimilating strains, the latter related to the increased availability of this sugar in the decayed wood. The results of the mathematic comparison of taxonomic data of 327 strains showed a delimitation of sharp clusters corresponding to different species, including several new species described from this substrate, and genera, as Rhodotorula and Cryptococcus.At the initial stages of wood decay, characterized by the presence of Candida species, yeast diversity was low. The highest values were found in the medium stage of decay, used as feed, with an important presence of the genera Apiotrichum, Rhodotorula, Cryptococcus and Schizoblastosporion. After establishing a non-linear ordination from Euclidean distances between samples, based on yeast abundances, a relationship was observed between the populations developing at the different stages of wood decay by Ganoderma applanatum. A succession of yeast species was demonstrated during wood degradation by this white-rot fungus.'

'Conservation planning analyses show a striking progression from endeavors targeted at single species or at individual sites, to the systematic assessment of entire taxa at large scales. These, in turn, inform wide-reaching conservation policies and financial investments. The latter are epitomized by global-scale prioritization frameworks, such as the Biodiversity Hotspots. We examine the entire Neotropical region to identify sets of areas of high conservation priority according to terrestrial vertebrate distribution patterns. We identified a set of 49 ecoregions in which 90, 82 and 83%, respectively of total, endemic and threatened vertebrates are represented. A core subset of 11 ecoregions captured 55, 27 and 38% of these groups. The Neotropics hold the largest remaining wilderness areas in the world, and encompass most of the tropical ecosystems still offering significant options for successful broad-scale conservation action. Our analysis helps to elucidate where conservation is likely to yield best returns at the ecoregion scale.'

'We investigated the impact of past\xc2\xa0changes in habitat suitability on the current patterns of\xc2\xa0genetic diversity of two southern beeches (Nothofagus nervosa and Nothofagus obliqua) in their eastern fragmented range in Patagonian Argentina,\xc2\xa0and model likely future threats to their population genetic structure. Our goal was to develop a spatially-explicit strategy for guiding conservation and management interventions in light of climate change. We combined suitability modelling under current, past (Last Glacial Maximum ~\xc2\xa021,000 bp), and future (2050s) climatic conditions with genetic characterization data based on chloroplast DNA, isozymes, and microsatellites. We show the complementary usefulness of the distribution of chloroplast haplotypes and locally common allelic richness calculated from microsatellite data for identifying the locations of putative glacial refugia. Our findings suggest that contemporary hotspots of genetic diversity correspond to convergence zones of different expansion routes, most likely as a consequence of admixture processes. Future suitability predictions suggest that climate change might differentially affect both species. All genetically most diverse populations of N. nervosa and several of N. obliqua are located in areas that may be most severely impacted by climate change, calling for forward-looking conservation interventions. We propose a practical spatially- explicit strategy to target conservation interventions distinguishing priority populations for (1) in situ conservation (hotspots of genetic diversity likely to remain suitable under climate change), (2) ex situ conservation in areas where high genetic diversity overlaps with high likelihood of drastic climate change, (3) vulnerable populations (areas expected to be negatively affected by climate change), and (4) potential expansion areas under climate change.'

'We describe archaeozoological and extant small mammals from Isla Mocha, an island located in south-central Chile. Species composition was compared among past and present assemblages. Also composition, as well as individual and population parameters were compared among island habitats. Specimens from archaeological sites included Oligoryzomys Longicaudatus, Abrothrix sp., and Octadon pacifiais, whereas Abrothrix longipilis, A. olivaceus, Oligoryzomys longicaudatus, and Geoxus valdivianus were captured. Higher richness was observed in intermediate-disturbed habitat. Body size and tail length, as well as body mass did not vary among island habitats for A. longipilis or A. olivaceus. Higher abundance was associated to less perturbed habitat.'

'The understanding of the spatial and temporal patterns in land use and land cover (LULC) change is a key issue for conservation efforts. In the Chilean hotspot, different studies have attempted to understand variations of LULC change. Nevertheless, a broader understanding of common patterns and variability of LULC over the entire range of the hotspot is lacking. We performed a complete review of the different studies reporting LULC changes and performed a joint analysis of their results using an integrated comprehensive approach. We related the variation of LULC change to latitude, time period and vascular plant richness using generalized linear models. Overall, there were nine studies, which covered 36.5\xc2\xa0% of the study area, and reported the loss of 19\xc2\xa0% of native forest (782,120\xc2\xa0ha) between 1973 and 2011. The highest net forest loss was observed in the 1970\xe2\x80\x931990 period. This decreased in the 1990\xe2\x80\x932000 period and rose again in the 2000\xe2\x80\x932010 period. This result reveals a continuous forest loss in the last 40\xc2\xa0years. Conversion of native forest to shrublands is the most important contributor to net native forest loss, accounting for 45\xc2\xa0% of the loss. However, in the area of greatest species richness native forests are mainly converted to exotic tree plantations. Chilean forestry model has proved successful in expanding exotic tree plantation, but so far it has not been compatible with native forest conservation and restoration. It is imperative to design a new forestry policy to assure the conservation of one of the most unique biodiversity hotspots worldwide.'

'The landscape (matrix) surrounding habitat fragments critically affects the biodiversity of those fragments due to biotic interchange and physical effects. However, to date, there have been only a limited number of studies on plant\xe2\x80\x93animal interactions in fragmented landscapes, particularly on how tree seedling herbivory is affected by fragmentation. We have examined this question in a fog-dependent mosaic of rainforest fragments located on coastal mountaintops of semiarid Chile (30\xc2\xb0S), where the effects of the surrounding semiarid matrix and forest patch size (0.1\xe2\x80\x9322\xc2\xa0ha) on tree seedling survival were simultaneously addressed. The rainforest is strongly dominated by the endemic evergreen tree species Aextoxicon punctatum (Olivillo, approx. 80% of basal area). To assess the magnitudes and causes of Olivillo seedling mortality, we set up a field experiment where 512 tree seedlings of known age were transplanted into four forest fragments of different sizes in four 1.5\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa03-m plots per patch; one-half of each plot was fenced off with chicken wire to exclude small mammals. The plots were monitored for 22\xc2\xa0months. Overall, 50% of the plants died during the experiment. The exclusion of small mammals from the plots increased seedling survival by 25%, with the effect being greater in smaller patches where matrix-dwelling herbivores are more abundant. This experiment highlights the important role of the surrounding matrix in affecting the persistence of trees in forest fragments. Because herbivores from the matrix cause greater tree seedling mortality in small patches, their effects must be taken into account in forest conservation\xe2\x80\x93restoration plans.'

'Forest plantations of exotic conifers represent an important economic activity in NW Patagonia, Argentina. However, there is a remarkable lack of information on the impact of forestry on native biodiversity. We analyzed the effect of Pinus ponderosa plantations on bird communities, considering different stand management practices (dense and sparse tree covers), and different landscape contexts where they are planted (Austrocedrus chilensis forest and steppe). Ultimately we wished to assess in which way plantations may be designed and managed to improve biodiversity conservation. Bird richness and abundance did not change significantly in the steppe, although community composition did, and was partially replaced by a new community, similar to that of ecotonal forests. In contrast, in the A. chilensis forest areas, species richness decreased in dense plantations, but bird community composition remained relatively constant when replacing the native forest with pine plantations. Also, in A. chilensis forest, stand management practices aiming at maintaining low tree densities permit the presence of many bird species from the original habitat. In the steppe area in turn, both dense and sparse plantations are unsuitable for most steppe species, thus it is necessary to manage them at higher scales, maintaining the connectivity of the native matrix to prevent the fragmentation of bird populations. We conclude that pine plantations can provide habitat for a substantial number of native bird species, and this feature varies both with management practices and with the landscape context of areas where afforestation occurs.'

'In Chile, mediterranean climate conditions only occur in the Central Zone (ChMZ). Despite its small area, this mediterranean climate region (med-region) has been recognised as a hotspot for biodiversity. However, in contrast to the rivers of other med-regions, the rivers in the ChMZ have been studied infrequently, and knowledge of their freshwater biodiversity is scarce and fragmented. We gathered information on the freshwater biodiversity of ChMZ, and present a review of the current knowledge of the principal floral and faunal groups. Existing knowledge indicates that the ChMZ has high levels of endemism, with many primitive species being of Gondwanan origin. Although detailed information is available on most floral groups, most faunal groups remain poorly known. In addition, numerous rivers in the ChMZ remain completely unexplored. Taxonomic specialists are scarce, and the information available on freshwater biodiversity has resulted from studies with objectives that did not directly address biodiversity issues. Research funding in this med-region has a strong applied character and is not focused on the knowledge of natural systems and their biodiversity. Species conservation policies are urgently required in this highly diverse med-region, which is also the most severely impacted and most populated region of the country.'

'From May 21\xe2\x80\x9325, 1960 many of the cities of south-cenral Chile suffered extensive damage when shaken by 11 shocks of an earthquake swarm, each measuring over 6 on the Richter scale with the strongest at 8.5. Associated with this seismic activity were volcanic eruptions and thousands of debris avalanches, lands lides, and mudflows in the Andes fromc. 39\xc2\xb0 to 42\xc2\xb0 Lat. S. The events of 1960 led to the recognition of long-term effects of repeated catastrophic phenomena on the landform, soil, and vegetation patterns of south-central Chile. Many of the native tree species, including the dominant Nothofagus species, are dependent on massive disturbance for their regeneration which is of critical importance to forest management. Catastrophic geologic hazards, as well as snow avalanches, are highly significant to all aspects of native forest use including production forestry, forest recreation, and protection forestry. The importance of environmental hazards in forest resource development and conservation in Latin America has received scant attention but, as shown by the case of the Andean region of south-central Chile, should be a major consideration in resource use planning.'

'More than 12\xc2\xa0% of bird species are threatened with extinction. Numerous anthropogenic activities and processes are considered responsible for such declines, including tourism related activities. These activities often occur in global biodiversity hotspots but few\xc2\xa0studies consider the potential risks associated with tourism. The relative importance of tourism as a threat to birds was quantified using a global analysis of the threats facing critically endangered and endangered birds in the hotspots. Sixty-three critically endangered and endangered bird species are reportedly threatened by tourism. Among those 63 species, marine, coastal and aquatic birds are threatened more by tourism than was expected. Hotspots with the most species threatened by tourism are Polynesia\xe2\x80\x93Micronesia and the Mediterranean Basin. This study uses individual threatening processes in a new way to characterise hotspots for conservation action, advancing previous identification criteria. Analysing hotspots in terms of the relative presence of individual threatening processes may help to more effectively direct future research in these priority regions.'

'This study characterizes the structure of a plant\xe2\x80\x93pollinator network in a temperate rain forest of Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island, southern Chile, where woody species are strongly dependent on biotic pollinators, and analyzes its robustness to the loss of participating species. Degree distribution, nestedness, and expected species persistence were evaluated. In addition, we assessed the roles of predefined subsets of plants (classified by life forms) and pollinators (grouped by taxonomic orders) in the network\xe2\x80\x99s structure and dynamics. For this, we simulated the complete removal of each plant and pollinator subset and analyzed the resultant connectivity patterns, as well as the expected long-term species losses by running a stochastic model. Finally, we evaluated the sensitivity of the network structure to the loss of single species in order to identify potential targets for conservation. Our results show that the plant\xe2\x80\x93pollinator network of this Chilean temperate rain forest exhibits a nested structure of interactions, with a degree distribution best described by a power law model. Model simulations revealed the importance of trees and hymenopterans as pivotal groups that maintain the core structure of the pollination network and guarantee overall species persistence. The hymenopterans Bombus dahlbomii and Diphaglossa gayi, the shrubs Tepualia stipularis and Ugni molinae, the vines Mitraria coccinea and Asteranthera ovata, and the entire set of tree species exerted a disproportionately large influence on the preservation of network structure and should be considered as focal species for conservation programs given current threats from selective logging and habitat loss.'

Abstract not available

'There is a long lasting debate on the effects of domestic cattle grazing on natural ecosystems worldwide. Cattle are generally assumed to have negative effects on forest conservation; however, several studies also report positive and neutral effects. We aimed to investigate the available evidence for positive, negative and neutral effects of cattle grazing on forest and woody ecosystems of southern South America. We conducted a peer-review literature search using the ISI Web of Knowledge and Scopus databases to identify studies dealing with cattle impacts for nature conservation. We compiled a database of 211 cases from 126 original publications. A reduced number of forest ecosystems (Patagonian forest, Chaco and Monte) concentrated\xe2\x80\x89~\xe2\x80\x8985% of the reported study cases. The hierarchical cluster analysis to group cases based on cattle effects, ecological variables and ecosystems reported that negative effects (~\xe2\x80\x8966% of cases) were mostly informed for vegetation variables and mainly occur in Patagonian forest and Chaco; positive effects (~\xe2\x80\x8916%) were mostly informed for Monte (no particular variable associated), while neutral effects (~\xe2\x80\x8918%) were mostly informed for fauna-related variables and Uruguayan savanna. Our study suggests that grazing effects by cattle on southern South America forests are not homogeneous and depend on the particular forest ecosystem considered as well as on the forest attribute measured. Different cattle effects found can be partially explained by differences in grazing history and different ecosystems productivity. It is vital to improve our understanding of cattle\xe2\x80\x93forest interactions to guide synergies between sustainable management and forest conservation.'

'BackgroundCurrently, many species are facing serious conservation problems due to habitat loss. The impact of the potential loss of biodiversity associated with habitat loss is difficult to measure. This is particularly the case with inconspicuous species such as the threatened pud\xc3\xba (Pudu puda), an endemic Cervidae of temperate forests of Chile and Argentina. To evaluate the effectiveness of the Chilean protected-area system in protecting the habitat of the pud\xc3\xba, we measured the congruence between this specie\xe2\x80\x99s potential distribution and the geographical area occupied by the protected areas in central and southern Chile. The measurements of congruency were made using the Maxent modeling method.ResultsThe potential habitat of the pud\xc3\xba was found to be poorly represented in the system (3\xe2\x80\x938\xc2\xa0%) and even the most suitable areas for the species are not currenly protected. According to these results, the protected area network cannot be considered as a key component of the conservation strategy for this species.ConclusionsThe results presented here also serve as a guide for the reevaluation of current pud\xc3\xba conservation strategies, for the design of new field studies to detect the presence of this species in human-disturbed areas or remaining patches of native forest, and for the implementation of corridors to maximize the success of conservation efforts.'

'The floristic characteristics, age structure and survival modes of Tertiary-relic deciduous forests were analyzed at 1600 m on Mt. Emei (3099 m), Sichuan, China. Three plots were selected to represent typical topographies: Plot 1 at 1620 m on a scree slope, Plot 2 at 1640 m on a slope with moderately rocky soils, and Plot 3 at 1616 m on a gentle slope with less rocky soils. At Plot 1, on the scree slope, the forest was rich in species and dominated by Tertiary remnants and other deciduous trees (Davidia involucrata, Styrax hemsleyana, Cercidiphyllum japonicum var.sinense, Pterocarya hupehensis, Prunus brachypoda, Prunus padus, Tetracentron sinense andStaphylea holocarpa). The relic deciduous tree taxaDavidia, Cercidiphyllum, Tetracentron andEuptelea occupied the unstable concave slopes, where evergreen broad-leaved trees (Castanopsis platycantha andMachilus pingii) were rarely able to survive. On the relatively stable convex slopes of this plot, evergreen trees with small diameter mainly appeared in the subcanopy and shrub layers.Davidia involucrata was the dominant species in this forest. On the slope with moderately rocky soils (Plot 2), the forest was co-dominated by relicDavidia and other deciduous (Styrax andPterocarya), and evergreen trees (Castanopsis andMachilus). On the gentle slope with less rocky soils (Plot 3),Davidia trees were found only in the subcanopy and shrub layers, and the forest was dominated byMachilus, Castanopsis, Styrax andPrunus trees. Regeneration ofDavidia occurs mainly on the scree slope where landslides are most common. The age structure of theDavidia stands indicates that this species is able to survive on the unstable scree habitat due to its strong sprouting ability. The Tertiary-relic deciduous forest on the scree slope is seen to be a topographic climax forest.'

'This study explores the relationships between an increase in tree cover area (i.e., natural and planted-tree land covers) and changes in forest carbon storage and the potential of a landscape to provide habitat for native floristic biodiversity. Four areas experiencing an increase in tree cover were analyzed. We developed a metric estimating the potential to support native biodiversity based on tree cover type (plantation or natural forests) and the landscape pattern of natural and anthropogenic land covers. We used published estimates for forest and plantation carbon stocks for each region. Focus regions in northwestern Costa Rica, northern Vietnam, southern Chile and highland Ecuador all showed an increase in tree cover area of 390\xc2\xa0%, 260\xc2\xa0%, 123\xc2\xa0% and 418\xc2\xa0%, respectively. Landscapes experiencing increases in natural secondary forest also experienced an increase in carbon stored above and below ground, and in the potential to support native floristic biodiversity. Study landscapes in Chile and Ecuador experiencing an expansion of exotic plantations saw their carbon stock decrease along with their potential to support native floristic biodiversity. This study shows that an increase in forest area does not necessarily imply an increased provision of ecosystem services when landscapes are reforesting with monoculture plantations of exotic tree species. Changes in the support of native biodiversity and the carbon stored in pulp rotation plantations, along with other ecosystem services, should be fully considered before implementing reforestation projects.'

"Spread of exotic species into natural areas is a major component of global change, drawing attention to economic losses, ecological impacts, plus potential benefits to be gained from a novel resource. Red deer,Cervus elaphus, known to effectively naturalize in new environments is considered one of the world's 100 worst invasive alien species. Negative ecological impact has been described for both Chile and Argentina, and competition with native ungulates like guanaco,Lama guanicoe, or the Patagonian huemul,Hippocamelus bisulcus, has been suggested. This report provides the current distribution of red deer in Chile and Argentina with respect to habitat types to permit informed decisions to manage the invasion. Information on the distribution was gathered through interviews, literature and field confirmations. Digital maps were used to analyze habitat use and estimate sizes of occupied areas. Red deer were introduced <100 years ago to both sides of the Andean foothills and now extend between 37\xe2\x84\xb442\xe2\x80\xb2 S \xe2\x80\x93 54\xe2\x84\xb455\xe2\x80\xb2 S and 73\xe2\x84\xb436\xe2\x80\xb2 W \xe2\x80\x93 69\xe2\x84\xb450\xe2\x80\xb2 W (noncontiguous). Practically all available habitat types have been invaded, amounting to >50,000 km2. The current distribution involves 29% forest habitat, 57% Patagonian steppe habitat and 14% of non-forested habitat such as wet meadows, brush and grasslands of anthropogenic origin, and vegetation above the tree line. Habitat characteristics and lack of natural and anthropogenic barriers suggest that the invasion will continue unabated, thereby continuously increasing the geographical area occupied by red deer. This will have direct consequences for the native biodiversity and conservation efforts."

'Intraspecific patterns of genetic variation can often be used toidentify biogeographic divisions which can be especially useful in thedesign of conservation strategies. Although abundant empirical evidenceexist on the genetic characteristics of plant species from the NorthernHemisphere as well as tropical endangered taxa, this information isparticularly limited on threatened species from endemism-rich areas inthe southern Andes of Argentina and Chile. The objective of the currentstudy was to analyze the levels and distribution of the isozymevariation in Fitzroya cupressoides (Mol.) Johnst.(Cupressaceae), a rare conifer restricted to temperate rainforests ofnorthern Patagonia, and to evaluate the role of current conservationareas protecting the gene pool of this valuable long-lived conifer.Sampling schedules consisted of fresh foliage collected from 30 randomlyselected trees at each of 24 different populations located along thegeographic range of the species. Extraction of enzymes followed standardprocedures and homogenates were loaded in 12% starch gels whichwere analyzed by horizontal electrophoresis. Eleven enzyme systems wereresolved using a combination of four different buffer solutions whichyielded information on 21 putative loci, 52% of them werepolymorphic in at least one population. Relatively low levels ofwithin-population genetic variability were scored in Fitzroyapopulations which were approximately half of the typical levelspublished for gymnosperms (percent of polymorphic loci, P = 23 vs.53% and expected heterozygosity, HE = 0.077 vs. 0.155for Fitzroya and other conifers respectively). Substantialbetween-population variation was detected, and certain individualpopulations stand out as much more genetically variable than nearbypopulations, which in turn are located outside protected areas. Ourfindings suggest that if the objective is to protect key species likeFitzroya, spatially explicit genetic information can be auseful tool to attain this goal.'

'The limited resources available for the conservation of biodiversity and ecosystem services call for prioritisation schemes. For instance, in the process of systematic conservation planning site selection is partly determined by efficiency gains. In this paper we present an alternative method for global spatial priority-setting based on ecological indicators, combined with social and economic conditions that influence the effectiveness of conservation, and measures for the long-term persistence of biodiversity. In the analysis the assumption made is that nature conservation should prioritize the effective maintenance of functional ecosystems that do not only provide the most ecosystem services but are also more likely to have a high adaptive capacity towards unavoidable environmental change. Furthermore, the effectiveness and permanence of conservation projects is tied to certain socioeconomic and political conditions that, as we suggest, should be evaluated as part of the conservation priority-setting process. We propose three new priority categories: eco-functionally wise (EcoWise), socioeconomically wise (SocioWise) and proactive allocation of conservation resources considering future climate change (ClimateWise) expressed as indices based on 16 different indicators. Analysing the combined effects of these three categories (EcoSocioClimateWise), in a spatially explicit way highlights the importance of tropical, subtropical but also some temperate and boreal forest areas all of which are characterized by high values of vegetation density, tree height and carbon storage. Our recommendations for policy makers prompt a shift in conservation planning towards advocating the use of ecological and socioeconomic indicators in combination with proxies for the vulnerability to future climate change impacts.'

'This paper presents an analysis of conversion of natural habitat to human use on a global scale. Human disturbance of natural systems is classified in a three-category system and ranked using a Habitat Index based on remaining undisturbed and partially disturbed land. Data is analysed by biome and biogeographic province, allowing identification of the biomes and provinces which have been the most impacted by human activity. Temperate biomes are found to be generally more disturbed than tropical biomes. Four of the top five most disturbed biomes are temperate. Certain biomes and geographic areas stand out as conservation priorities, notably the islands of Southeast Asia, Mediterranean vegetation types, Temperate Broadleaf Forests and Tropical Dry Forests. Areas for which data deficiencies exist are identified.'

Abstract not available

'In six small catchments located at the Cordillera de la Costa in southern Chile (40\xc2\xb0 S), concentrations and fluxes of NO3-N, NH4-N, organic-N, total-N and total-P in bulk precipitation and runoff water were measured. The main objective of this study was to compare nitrogen and phosphorus retention of catchments with varying land cover of native forest and exotic plantations, in order to evaluate possible effects of land use change. Nitrate-N was the dominant fraction (>50%) of nitrogen loss, especially in the catchments dominated by exotic plantations. In the catchment with native forests, NO3\n\xe2\x88\x92 only contributed with 34% of the nitrogen loss and DON was the main output with 55%. Annual NO3\n\xe2\x88\x92 export was lower in the catchment with native forest compared to the catchments with exotic plantations where the streamflow output exceed the precipitation input. Average inputs of total-N were 2.6\xc2\xa0kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921 (DIN\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x891.4\xc2\xa0kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921, DON\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x891.2\xc2\xa0kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921) and outputs were 1.7\xc2\xa0kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921 (DIN\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x891.2\xc2\xa0kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921, DON\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.5\xc2\xa0kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921). Annual retention of total nitrogen fluctuated between 61% in a catchment dominated by native forests to 15% in catchments dominated by exotic plantations of Eucalyptus sp. Nitrogen retention was positively related with native forest coverage. The N retention capacity of the catchments could be both attributed to consequences of clear cutting practices and differences in vegetation cover.'

'Despite the key role that knowledge on breeding biology of Accipitriformes plays in their management and conservation, survey of the state-of-the-art and of information gaps spanning the entire Neotropics has not been done since 1995. We provide an updated classification of current knowledge about breeding biology of Neotropical Accipitridae and define the taxa that should be prioritized by future studies. We analyzed 440 publications produced since 1995 that reported breeding of 56 species. Tere is a persistent scarcity, or complete absence, of information about the nests of eight species, and about breeding behavior of another ten. Among these species, the largest gap of breeding data refers to the former \xe2\x80\x9cLeucopternis\xe2\x80\x9d hawks. Although 66% of the 56 evaluated species had some improvement on knowledge about their breeding traits, research still focus disproportionately on a few regions and species, and the scarcity of breeding data on many South American Accipitridae persists. We noted that analysis of records from both a citizen science digital database and museum egg collections signifcantly increased breeding information on some species, relative to recent literature. We created four groups of priority species for breeding biology studies, based on knowledge gaps and threat categories at global level. Group I (great scarcity of information, plus higher categories of threat): Leptodon forbesi, Cryptoleucopteryx plumbea, and Buteogallus lacernulatus; Group II (breeding data have recently increased, but threat categories are high): Spizaetus isidori, Accipiter gundlachi, Buteogallus coronatus, Pseudastur occidentalis, and Buteo ventralis; Group III (\xe2\x80\x9cNear Treatened\xe2\x80\x9d species with still scarce breeding information): Accipiter poliogaster, Accipiter collaris, Buteogallus aequinoctialis, and Pseudastur polionotus; and Group IV (other priority cases): Buteo ridgwayi, Buteo galapagoensis, four eagles (Morphnus guianensis, Harpia harpyja, Spizaetus ornatus and Buteogallus solitarius), Leptodon cayanensis, Accipiter superciliosus, Buteogallus schistaceus, and the three Leucopternis hawks (L. semiplumbeus, L. melanops and L. kuhli). We also discuss the way that novel breeding data can show in what manners different species and populations are responding to environmental changes.'

'The understanding of how ecosystem services are distributed across the landscape and their change over time provides key information to manage multi-functional landscapes. To balance the conflicting demands on land multi-scale assessments are highly relevant, especially in biodiversity hot spot areas as the Valdivian temperate rain forest. We quantified six ecosystem services linked to forest ecosystems over six temporal periods (1985\xe2\x80\x932011): three regulating (carbon storage, sediment retention, phosphorous retention), one provisioning (plantation site productivity), and two cultural services (landscape aesthetics, forest recreation). The study area is divided in four geomorphological units (Coastal Mountain Range, Central Valley, Pre-Andean and Andes mountain range). Our results show a high spatial and temporal variability of ecosystem service supply in these units. We observed a strong increase of plantation production (Coastal Range and Central Valley) as well as of forest recreation services over time (Coastal and Andes ranges); remaining service trends varied across units and time. Recommendations for landscape management are (i) an increase of buffer strips to reduce diffuse emissions into the river network and to enhance ecological connectivity, (ii) an increase of protected areas in the Central Valley, and (iii) a rethinking of the role of exotic forest plantations.'

'It now seems likely that the first human colonists to reach this part of the world would have had to negotiate a coastal zone largely comprising a combination of towering sea cliffs, sand dunes, or closed canopy woodland even on some of the steepest slopes. On a few coastal slopes in Wales there are still remnants of these ancient woodlands now considered to be of major conservation interest and representing a coastal habitat that was no doubt much more widespread before human influence. Nevertheless, there are few detailed studies of these woodlands. The purpose of this study, therefore, was to carry out a basic assessment of their ecology and conservation, and to provide both a collation of all existing stands in Wales (Table\xc2\xa01, Fig.\xc2\xa04) and review of all existing ecological surveys. In terms of arboreal species many of the most natural examples are characterised by Quercus petraea (sessile oak) and Corylus avellana (hazel). Some examples, including Gallt y Bwlch in North Wales, are extremely stunted typically growing to a maximum height of about three metres but in places canopy height can be lower than head height. These woodlands are distinctive in other ways and experience environmental conditions that differ from those just a few kilometres inland including less precipitation and more solar radiation. Reflected light from sea water is thought to provide additional solar radiation. Their species composition typically appear very natural with little evidence of management although in some cases there is evidence that coppicing took place many years ago. In Britain there are very few remaining examples of these distinctive coastal woodland and most have not been described in the terms of the United Kingdom\xe2\x80\x99s National Vegetation Classification (Rodwell 1991). However, some appear to have affinities with the so-called Atlantic hazel woodlands of Scotland. After the last Ice Age, hazel and birch were the earliest woody species to become established in the UK dating back some 10,000\xc2\xa0years BP. They predate both oak woodlands and the pine forests of Scotland. Hazel became well established in the coastal zones of Wales and Scotland from about 9500\xc2\xa0years BP. The evidence provided here suggests a need to further review both the conservation and protection status of these distinctive woodlands.'

'Habitat disturbance, particularly of human origin, promotes the invasion of exotic plants, which in turn might foster the invasion of alien-interacting animals. Here we assess whether the invasion of exotic plants \xe2\x80\x93 mostly mediated by habitat disturbance \xe2\x80\x93 facilitates the invasion of exotic flower visitors in temperate forests of the southern Andes, Argentina. We recorded visit frequencies and the identity of visitors to the flowers of 15 native and 15 exotic plant species occurring in different highly disturbed and less disturbed habitats. We identified three alien flower visitors, the hymenopterans Apis mellifera, Bombus ruderatus, and Vespula germanica. We found significantly more visitation by exotic insects in disturbed habitats. This pattern was explained, at least in part, by the association between alien flower visitors and flowers of exotic plants, which occurred more frequently in disturbed habitats. However, this general pattern masked different responses between the two main alien flower visitors. Apis mellifera exploited almost exclusively the flowers of a subset of herbaceous exotic plants that thrive under disturbance, whereas B. ruderatus visited equally flowers of both exotic and native plants in both disturbed and undisturbed habitats. We did not find any strong evidence that flowers of exotic plants were more generalist than those of native plants, or that exotic flower visitors were more generalist than their native counterparts. Our results suggest that alien plant species could facilitate the invasion of at least some exotic flower visitors to disturbed habitats. Because flowering plants as well as flower visitors benefit from this mutualism, this association may enhance, through a positive feedback, successful establishment of both exotic partners.'

'\nThe guigna (Leopardus guigna) is the smallest and most-restricted New World cat species, inhabiting only around 160,000\xc2\xa0km2 of temperate rain forests in southern South America and is currently threatened by habitat loss, fragmentation and human persecution. We investigated phylogeographic patterns of genetic diversity, demographic history and barriers to gene flow with 116 individuals sampled across the species geographic range by analyzing 1,798 base pairs of the mtDNA (496\xc2\xa0bp HVSI region, 720\xc2\xa0bp NADH-5 gene, 364\xc2\xa0bp from 16S gene and 218\xc2\xa0bp from ATP-8 gene) and 15 microsatellite loci. Mitochondrial DNA data revealed a clear phylogeographic pattern with moderate separation between northern and southern Chilean populations supporting recognized subspecific partitions based on morphology. A recent demographic expansion was inferred for the southern-most group (San Rafael Lake), presumably due to the complete coverage of this area during the last glacial period, 28000\xe2\x80\x9316000\xc2\xa0years BP. Geographical barriers such as the Andes Mountains and the Chacao Channel have partially restricted historic and more-recent gene flow and the Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island population has diverged genetically since being separated from the mainland 7000\xc2\xa0years BP. This is the first study of the genetic structure of this threatened species throughout its whole geographic range.'

'The elaboration of a comprehensive database about the distribution of the South American genus Nassauvia has allowed investigate its conservation biogeography. The combined use of historical (Dispersal Vicariance Analysis) and ecological (UPGMA) biogeographical approaches has led to detecting past, present and future critical areas in the evolution and persistence of the genus. According to the size of distribution areas, number of locations, environmental niche models, and predicted shifts of these spatial characteristics following the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change forecasts for the next decade, it has been possible to award the level of global and national risk for all species of the genus and assign their corresponding IUCN categories. Severe gaps in legal and in situ conservation policies have been detected within the region, making it urgent the adoption of measures aimed at preventing the extinction of the most endangered species. We identify a future dramatic loss of Nassauvia species in the Andes and conversely a species increase in Patagonia. Patagonia has emerged as the cradle of the genus and could be its refuge in the future according the predictions targeted by climate change.'

'Guidance for large-scale restoration of natural or semi-natural linear vegetation elements that takes into account the need to maintain human livelihoods such as farming is often lacking. Focusing on a Chilean biodiversity hotspot, we assessed the landscape in terms of existing woody vegetation elements and proposed a buffer strip and hedgerow network. We used spatial analysis based on Google Earth imagery and QGIS, field surveys, seven guidelines linked to prioritization criteria and seedling availability in the region\xe2\x80\x99s nurseries, and estimated the budget for implementing the proposed network. The target landscapes require restoring 0.89\xc2\xa0ha\xc2\xa0km\xe2\x88\x922 of woody buffer strips to meet Chilean law; 1.4\xc2\xa0ha\xc2\xa0km\xe2\x88\x922 of new hedgerows is also proposed. The cost of restoration in this landscape is estimated in ca. USD 6900 per planted ha of buffer strips and hedgerows. Financial incentives, education, and professional training of farmers are identified as key issues to implement the suggested restoration actions.'

'In spite of the extensive area of bogs in the southern cone of South America, there have been very few studies on structure and dynamics of conifer bog forests in this region. Previously, it has been assumed that in the absence of intensive disturbance, the dominant conifer Pilgerodendron uviferum (D. Don) Florin would be replaced through other angiosperm species. Here we hypothesized (a) that this conifer can persist without intensive disturbances and develop into old-growth forests with continuing regeneration and (b) that high-severity disturbances through fire threaten its local persistence. To test this hypotheses, we analyzed diameter and age structure, foliar and soil nutrient levels and the light environment of old-growth and fire-disturbed P. uviferum stands on Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island (43\xc2\xbaS) in North Patagonia. Longevity (>880\xc2\xa0years), extremely slow growth (<1\xc2\xa0mm diameter per year) and tolerance to shade and stress are the main mechanisms of P. uviferum persistence in nutrient-poor and waterlogged conditions. Hence, old-growth P. uviferum forests are not a transitional phase in forest succession and may be maintained in the landscape for many centuries or millennia. However, in fire-disturbed stands, live trees of the species were rare and regeneration negligible, showing that high-severity fires can eliminate the species from parts of the landscape, where neither propagules nor seed trees survive. This underpins the importance of biological legacies such as seed trees for the recovery of disturbed sites, and points to the need for active restoration approaches to restore fire-degraded P. uviferum forests.'

'An ordination study of 20Eucalyptus tetrodonta forest stands growing on deep earths in monsoonal Australia revealed two major gradients in understorey vegetation type. The first axis reflected both floristic and structural understorey variation, where litter and shrub cover were inversely related to grass cover. This axis is thought to reflect a complex fire-vegetation type interaction, where vegetation is primarily determined by the saturation of the soil profile in the wet season, as measured by the colour of the iron rich soils. On the second axis of the ordination, floristic composition but not vegetation structure, and stand height were found to vary with the intercorrelated measures of soil gravel and moisture supply.E. tetrodonta is able to regenerate in the absence of fire, but firing appears to stimulate regeneration. All stands contained some advance growth, which occurs in distinct clumps, probably reflecting these plants clonal origin. Sapling presence in the stands is variable and the recruitment of advance growth into this size class appears to be related to over-wood competition. The size class distribution of trees was found to be similar amongst the stands, therefore stand structure appeared to be independent of understorey type. In comparison to general models of temperate eucalypt regeneration processes the tropical eucalypts have evolved different regeneration strategies, possibly in response to the severe annual drought.'

'The Andes is recognized as one of the most biodiverse places on Earth, promoting in its uplift process a series of recent rapid diversification events in different biotic groups like birds, mammals, insects and vascular plants. The uplift of the Andes during the Cenozoic acted as a barrier for many biotic groups, as a scenario for radiation processes due to occupancy of different niches and as a corridor for others. Connections between the Andes and the Atlantic Forest showed intermittent phases along the Cenozoic, affecting the distribution patterns and diversification of different biotic groups. Nowadays, the Andes and the Atlantic Forest are both considered globally relevant biodiversity hotspots. Floristic groups thriving in both hotspots are crucial for a better understanding of their biogeographic history, as well as for informing future conservation actions. Mutisia (Asteraceae), a genus comprising 63 perennial shrubs and vines endemic to South America, shows a marked West-East disjunction: Most species occupy almost the whole Andean chain from Colombia to Patagonia, while a second group encompasses four species distributed in eastern Brazil and the surrounding areas of Paraguay, Uruguay and Argentina. We reconstructed the phylogeny of the genus to assess its possible biogeographic history. We analysed three DNA regions, i.e. the chloroplast trnL-trnF intergenic spacer and the nuclear ribosomal internal and external transcribed spacers, ITS and ETS. Using maximum likelihood and Bayesian inference, gene trees were reconstructed, and a concatenated phylogenetic tree was inferred. Divergence times were estimated by means of BEAST, and the ancestral areas were inferred using BioGeoBEARS. An ancestral reconstruction of morphological traits was also performed, as well as maps representing current richness hotspots within the genus. Phylogenetic analyses strongly support the monophyly of Mutisia, with two well-supported main clades: clade A, with presence of Atlantic-central-northern Andes species, and clade B, with central/southern Andes species. Dating analyses suggest that a main clade separation occurred at the early Miocene, followed by the separation of the Atlantic clade A2 by the late Miocene, and more recent radiations occurred in the central, northern and southern Andes during the Pliocene. Results are in tune with other angiosperm taxa that also underwent rapid radiations, possibly related to environmental and pollinator changes. The biogeographic history of Mutisia is related to morphological adaptations, history and geographic factors acting since the Miocene along the Andes and adjacent areas. Threat assessments and conservation actions for the genus shall include the whole distribution range, including low-range northern and southern Andes species, as well as the distinctive Atlantic Forest clade.'

Abstract not available

'This article is the ninth in the series of Fungal Diversity Notes, where 107 taxa distributed in three phyla, nine classes, 31 orders and 57 families are described and illustrated. Taxa described in the present study include 12 new genera, 74 new species, three new combinations, two reference specimens, a re-circumscription of the epitype, and 15 records of sexual-asexual morph connections, new hosts and new geographical distributions. Twelve new genera comprise Brunneofusispora, Brunneomurispora, Liua, Lonicericola, Neoeutypella, Paratrimmatostroma, Parazalerion, Proliferophorum, Pseudoastrosphaeriellopsis, Septomelanconiella, Velebitea and Vicosamyces. Seventy-four new species are Agaricus memnonius, A. langensis, Aleurodiscus patagonicus, Amanita flavoalba, A. subtropicana, Amphisphaeria mangrovei, Baorangia major, Bartalinia kunmingensis, Brunneofusispora sinensis, Brunneomurispora lonicerae, Capronia camelliae-yunnanensis, Clavulina thindii, Coniochaeta simbalensis, Conlarium thailandense, Coprinus trigonosporus, Liua muriformis, Cyphellophora filicis, Cytospora ulmicola, Dacrymyces invisibilis, Dictyocheirospora metroxylonis, Distoseptispora thysanolaenae, Emericellopsis koreana, Galiicola baoshanensis, Hygrocybe lucida, Hypoxylon teeravasati, Hyweljonesia indica, Keissleriella caraganae, Lactarius olivaceopallidus, Lactifluus midnapurensis, Lembosia brigadeirensis, Leptosphaeria urticae, Lonicericola hyaloseptispora, Lophiotrema mucilaginosis, Marasmiellus bicoloripes, Marasmius indojasminodorus, Micropeltis phetchaburiensis, Mucor orantomantidis, Murilentithecium lonicerae, Neobambusicola brunnea, Neoeutypella baoshanensis, Neoroussoella heveae, Neosetophoma lonicerae, Ophiobolus malleolus, Parabambusicola thysanolaenae, Paratrimmatostroma kunmingensis, Parazalerion indica, Penicillium dokdoense, Peroneutypa mangrovei, Phaeosphaeria cycadis, Phanerochaete australosanguinea, Plectosphaerella kunmingensis, Plenodomus artemisiae, P. lijiangensis, Proliferophorum thailandicum, Pseudoastrosphaeriellopsis kaveriana, Pseudohelicomyces menglunicus, Pseudoplagiostoma mangiferae, Robillarda mangiferae, Roussoella elaeicola, Russula choptae, R. uttarakhandia, Septomelanconiella thailandica, Spencermartinsia acericola, Sphaerellopsis isthmospora, Thozetella lithocarpi, Trechispora echinospora, Tremellochaete atlantica, Trichoderma koreanum, T. pinicola, T. rugulosum, Velebitea chrysotexta, Vicosamyces venturisporus, Wojnowiciella kunmingensis and Zopfiella indica. Three new combinations are Baorangia rufomaculata, Lanmaoa pallidorosea and Wojnowiciella rosicola. The reference specimens of Canalisporium kenyense and Tamsiniella labiosa are designated. The epitype of Sarcopeziza sicula is re-circumscribed based on cyto- and histochemical analyses. The sexual-asexual morph connection of Plenodomus sinensis is reported from ferns and Cirsium for the first time. In addition, the new host records and country records are Amanita altipes, A. melleialba, Amarenomyces dactylidis, Chaetosphaeria panamensis, Coniella vitis, Coprinopsis kubickae, Dothiorella sarmentorum, Leptobacillium leptobactrum var. calidus, Muyocopron lithocarpi, Neoroussoella solani, Periconia cortaderiae, Phragmocamarosporium hederae, Sphaerellopsis paraphysata and Sphaeropsis eucalypticola.'

'We provide a comprehensive review of publications regarding the conservation of aquatic and terrestrial insects at a global scale and with an emphasis on southern South America. We reviewed three prominent conservation journals (Conservation Biology, Biodiversity and Conservation, and Biological Conservation) and found that only 5\xc2\xa0% of all the works published between 1995 and 2008 focus on the conservation of aquatic insects. The highest percentage of publications on the conservation of aquatic insects comes from Europe (2.3\xc2\xa0%), while the lowest percentage comes from South America (0.1\xc2\xa0%). To assess the trends of aquatic insect research in southern South America, we conducted a literature search using Zoological Records,\nBiological Abstracts, and Current Contents. We conclude that there is a gap in research regarding the conservation of freshwater and terrestrial insects, as reflected by the low amount of publications that specifically focus on the description and identification of new insect species and their conservation. In order to help overcome this gap in conservation research, we propose three ideas that could help enhance the research and conservation initiatives regarding these organisms: (1) focus research on understudied regions of the world, such as the Magellanic sub-Antarctic ecoregion, (2) increase the amount of funding available for taxonomic research focused on the description and identification of new aquatic and terrestrial insect species, and (3) increase the amount of public education programs which focus on field experiences and direct encounters with aquatic insect biodiversity and their habitats.'

'The harlequin ladybird (Harmonia axyridis) was introduced in numerous countries around the world as a biological control agent but nowadays it is considered as a pest itself. It is a highly invasive species that has negative impacts on native biodiversity, may affect some crops, and causes a nuisance to humans. Despite its relevance worldwide, the invasion by H. axyridis in South America has received little attention. Here we used a citizen science approach to study the distribution of H. axyridis in Argentina where the species was intentionally introduced in 1986. We also informally tested and evaluated the preferences for different methods for reporting records: iNaturalist website, Google form, email, WhatsApp, and Facebook. Most records were reported through WhatsApp and iNaturalist. We found that H. axyridis is widely distributed in Argentina but there are large gaps, particularly in arid regions. The invasion seems to be recent in the south of the country. Citizen science is a valuable tool for mapping invasive alien species in a large country like Argentina, and will help to monitor the continuous expansion of H. axyridis.'

'Nitrogen fixation by symbiotic bacteria associated with different plant species is a key process of natural ecosystems. To better understand the role of native N2-fixing species in the N economy of riparian ecosystems in northwest Patagonia (Argentina), we evaluated: 1) foliar \xce\xb415N and N concentrations of actinorhizal Coriaria ruscifolia, Discaria chacaye, and Colletia hystrix, several non-actinorhizal plants (including Gunnera chilensis), and associated soils in riparian forest sites; 2) the proportion of N derived from the atmosphere (Ndfa) of the actinorhizal plant species from riparian forest and of D. chacaye and Ochetophila trinervis from steppe sites; and 3) trends of foliar and soil \xce\xb415N and N concentration with mean annual precipitation (MAP). Although soil N concentrations and \xce\xb415N did not vary among plant species within any of the sites, foliar N concentration and \xce\xb415N differed among species. In general, N2-fixing species had higher foliar N concentrations and \xce\xb415N values closer to 0, the atmospheric value. Both variables separated the groups of N2-fixing and non-N2-fixing plant species. Foliar and soil \xce\xb415N correlated positively for non-N2-fixing species but not for N2-fixing species. Across all sites, the Ndfa of C. ruscifolia and C. hystrix was ~100%, ~75% for D. chacaye, and ~50% for G. chilensis. For all species, foliar N concentration and soil \xce\xb415N was negatively correlated with MAP, but only non-N2-fixing species showed a significant correlation of foliar \xce\xb415N with MAP. These data suggest that plant available N decreases as MAP increases but with no effect on N2-fixing species.'

'Land use and cover change (LUCC) is among the most important factors affecting ecosystem services. This study examines the influence of LUCC on recreation and ecotourism opportunities over three decades in southern Chile. An in-depth analysis of the transition matrix was conducted based on Landsat images from 1976, 1985, 1999 and 2007. Main LUCC trajectories were linked to two ecosystem service indicators: (i) Recreation and ecotourism potential, measured in a 0\xe2\x80\x93100 point scale; and (ii) Recreation and ecotourism opportunities, measured in visitors/ha. A total of 900 trajectories occurred in the landscape between 1976 and 2007. The most important trajectories in terms of area, were the recent degradation of old-growth to secondary forest between 1999 and 2007 (23,290\xc2\xa0ha; 13.5\xc2\xa0% of landscape), and the early clearing of shrublands for agriculture and pasture land between 1976 and 1985 (7,187\xc2\xa0ha, 4.2\xc2\xa0% of landscape). In turn, the single most influential trajectory on the magnitude of the indicators was early and permanent degradation of old-growth forest to secondary forest. As a result of these landscape changes, recreation and ecotourism opportunities for the entire landscape were reduced from 65,050 persons in 1976 to 25,038 persons in 1985, further declining to 22,346 and 21,608 persons in 1999 and 2007, respectively. This decrease resulted from changes in specific attributes (i.e. emblematic flora and fauna and forest structure) that were affected by forest degradation and fragmentation. These results highlight the substantial impact of LUCC on recreation opportunity decline, which mirrors biodiversity losses in the study area.'

'Habitat loss remains the major threat to birds in the Neotropics, although there are several additional specific threats, for example trade, nest parasitism, invasives on islands, and for seabirds, bycatch. Capacity building also remains a key issue for conservation in the area. Nevertheless, the region has benefited by a surge in research, with an increase in Neotropical avian studies over the last decade, many of them incorporating modern techniques for analyzing a variety of data, for example vocalization and molecular data. These studies have improved our general understanding of the taxonomic status of several forms, and their ecology and conservation needs, and the bird-watching community has become an important force that can be mobilized to gather information and to support conservation efforts. But birds themselves are playing now a key role in the development of conservation strategies in the region. The important bird areas (IBAs) promoted by BirdLife are now a key component in our strategy for defining key biodiversity areas (KBAs), by means of which Conservation International is attempting to broaden the taxonomic spectrum of the IBA concept. Migratory birds and those with large home range are becoming important elements in our strategy as we try to move from IBAs and KBAs to large-scale biodiversity corridors.'

'Pudu puda is a very small deer that inhabits humid areas of the temperate forests in Chile and Argentina and is one of the less known South American deer. We provide an updated distribution of Pudu puda in Argentina, with georeferenced sighting localities, and some qualitative features of its habitat such as forest type and understory. We also analyse the effects of human settlements, cattle and invasive mammals (Cervus elaphus and Sus scrofa) on the distribution of the southern pudu. We obtained information on Pudu puda occurrence from unpublished sources including protected areas provided by National Parks Administration and interviews of local residents. In the north sector of Nahuel Huapi National Park, where high density of records was found, we obtained information about some qualitative habitat features, proximity of Pudu puda sighting localities to human settlements, presence of invasive mammals and cattle. We recorded a total of 54 new localities for Pudu puda in Argentina, the northernmost record at S 39\xc2\xb0 23\xe2\x80\xb2, W 71\xc2\xb0 17\xe2\x80\xb2 and the southernmost at S 42\xc2\xb0 58\xe2\x80\xb2, W 72\xc2\xb000\xe2\x80\xb2. We recorded low frequency of human settlements, Sus scrofa and Cervus elaphus in Pudu puda sighting localities. We did not detect exclusion of Pudu puda from areas with cattle occurrence. Sighting localities of southern pudu were made mostly in monotypic mature Nothofagus dombeyi forest, with dense understory dominated by Chusquea coleu.'

Abstract not available

'Conversion of pristine forests to agricultural lands is one of the leading causes of biodiversity loss worldwide. To assess the impact of such forest disturbance on microbial diversity, we investigated the diversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) in the rich forests of Karbi Anglong hills of Assam, a biodiversity hotspot part of Indo-Burma region. AMF spore diversity was assessed in distinct study sites with different intensities of disturbances that encompassed a pristine undisturbed forest (UF), slash-and-burn field (SBF), and monoculture forest (MF). A total of 35 arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungal species belonging to 9 genera were isolated. Species forming glomoid spores were dominant in all the three sites followed by acaulosporoid spores. Highest spore density was found in UF and lowest in MF. Multivariate analyses revealed similarity in UF and SBF. It was found that in MF, AMF diversity was significantly modified and reduced, resulting in an ecological degraded ecosystem. Our results show that natural UF and SBF contained similar and a high AM fungal diversity. The AM fungal diversity is not significantly affected by the slash-and-burn agricultural land use practices practised by the ethnic hilly tribes and, therefore, could be a component of a tropical forest \xe2\x80\x9cconservation-agriculture matrix.\xe2\x80\x9d Also because of the high generic and species diversity found, this region can be considered as AMF hotspot and a priority place for conservation.'

'Human activities are continuously expanding at a global scale and having an increasing effect on the remaining natural ecosystems in remote areas, such as the Magellan Region of southern Patagonia, Chile. In addition to extensive livestock holdings, aquaculture and tourism are advancing into formerly undisturbed areas, and insufficient information on the spatial scope and intensity of these alterations is available to inform and support conservation policies. The aim of this study was to spatially analyse the degree, scope and spatial distribution of anthropogenic alterations. Accordingly, two spatially explicit indexes, the degree of anthropogenic alteration (DAA) and human influence index (HII), have been applied. The results show a significant spatial overestimation of the remaining undisturbed natural areas. Despite low population densities and extensive conservation designations, a major share of the total area has been anthropogenically altered. Depending on the measure type, between 53.1\xc2\xa0% (DAA) and 68.1\xc2\xa0% of the area (HII) needs to be considered as influenced by human activity in some way. Our findings challenge previous studies by the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS and CIESIN in Last of the wild project, version 2, 2005 (LWP-2): last of the wild dataset (Geographic), NASA socioeconomic data and applications center (SEDAC), Palisades, 2005). Their worldwide assessment of pristine natural environments indicated that a much smaller part of the Magellan region has been subject to human influence. The chosen methodologies represent an opportunity to detect and monitor human influence at small spatial scales, which has heretofore remained unnoticed. Because such alterations are becoming more frequent in remote regions, the assessment approaches presented here provide important information on human\xe2\x80\x93environment interactions to support land-use and nature conservation policy design. In addition, small-scale structures and different types of economic activities are considered to support policies that can protect the remaining natural areas from human encroachment. Moreover, implications of the proposed methodology for biodiversity conservation policy are discussed.'

'In the temperate forests of the southern Andes, southern beech species (Nothofagus), the dominant tree species of the region, experience severe defoliation caused by caterpillars of the Ormiscodes genus (Lepidoptera: Saturniidae). Despite the recent increase in defoliation frequency in some areas, there is no quantitative information on the spatial extent and dynamics of these outbreaks. This study examines the spatial patterns of O. amphimone outbreaks in relation to landscape heterogeneity. We mapped defoliation events caused by O. amphimone in northern (ca. 40\xe2\x80\x9341\xc2\xb0S) and southern Patagonian (ca. 49\xc2\xb0S) Nothofagus forests from Landsat imagery and analyzed their spatial associations with vegetation cover type, topography (elevation, slope angle, aspect) and mean annual precipitation using overlay analyses. We used these data and relationships to develop a logistic regression model in order to generate maps of predicted susceptibility to defoliation by O. amphimone for each study area. Forests of N. pumilio are typically more susceptible to O. amphimone outbreaks than lower elevation forests of other Nothofagus species (N. dombeyi and N. antarctica). Stands located at intermediate elevations and on gentle slopes (<15\xc2\xb0) are also more susceptible to defoliation than higher and lower elevation stands located on high angle slopes. Stands in areas with intermediate to high precipitation, relative to the distribution of Nothofagus along the precipitation gradient, are more susceptible to O. amphimone attack than are drier areas. Our study represents the first mapping and spatial analysis of insect defoliator outbreaks in Nothofagus forests in South America.'

'For forest ecosystem management to be effective, knowledge of the horizontal and vertical structural diversity of a forest is essential. The moist Afromontane highlands of Wondo Genet in south-central Ethiopia present an opportunity to restore and rehabilitate and enhance the ecosystem services to be obtained from this forest sustainably. We focused on the forest structural characteristics to better understand the current forest conditions to assist in the sustainable management of this resource. A total of 75 (20 m \xc3\x97 20 m) quadrats were sampled and diameter at breast height (DBH) \xe2\x89\xa5 2 cm and stem height \xe2\x89\xa5 2 m were measured. Species identity and abundance, elevation, slope, and aspect were recorded for each plot. Structural characteristics were computed for each plot. Relationship of topographic factors with vegetation characteristics was conducted using R-Software. A total of 72 woody species was recorded. Whereas, the overall diameter distribution shows an inverted J-shaped curve, the basal area followed a bell-shaped pattern. Five types of population structures are revealed. The mean tree density and basal area was 397.3 stems\xc2\xb7ha\xe2\x88\x921 and 31.4 m2\xc2\xb7ha\xe2\x88\x921, respectively. Only 2.8% of the tree species have densities of >25 stems\xc2\xb7ha\xe2\x88\x921 and the percentage distribution of trees show 56.2% in the DBH class 2\xe2\x80\x9310 cm, indicating that the forest is dominated by medium-sized trees. Celtis africana (8.81 m2\xc2\xb7ha\xe2\x88\x921) and Pouteria adolfi-friedericii (5.13 m2\xc2\xb7ha\xe2\x88\x921) make the highest contribution to the basal area and species importance value index. The families/species with the highest importance value index are Ulmaceae, Fabacea and Sapotaceae. Species abundance (r\n2 =0.32, p <0.001) and species richness (r\n2 =0.50, p <0.001) are positively related with tree density. Tree density is negatively related with elevation (r\n2 =\xe2\x88\x920.36, p <0.001), slope (r\n2 =\xe2\x88\x920.15, p <0.001) and aspect (r\n2 =\xe2\x88\x920.07, p <0.05). While basal area is negatively related with elevation (r\n2 =\xe2\x88\x920.14, p <0.001), it has a positive relationship with tree density (r\n2 =0.28, p <0.001 and species richness (r\n2 =0.098). Species with poor population structure should be assisted by restoration tasks and further anthropogenic disturbance such as illegal logging and fuel wood extraction should be restricted.'

"Vegetation pattern and microtopography were examined on a mountain slope with a rotational type landslide scar on Mt Kiyosumi, central Japan. Similarities of distribution patterns among 55 woody species were calculated using Cole's species association coefficient, and based on them, seven vegetation units were classified using cluster analysis and principal coordinates analysis. The seven vegetation units coincide with seven microtopographical facets at 101 to 102 m2 order. Furthermore, these vegetation units were grouped into three higher categories by reciprocal averaging and principal coordinates analysis. They were ridge slopes, surrounding slopes and landslide slopes. The three categories were arranged in the above-mentioned order based on similarity in floristic composition. In the ridge slopes, late-successional trees and deciduous trees had high relative basal areas. In the surrounding slopes,Euptelea polyandra and other deciduous trees had high relative basal areas. In the landslide slopes,E. polyandra and deciduous shrubs had high relative basal areas. The density and the age distributions ofE. polyandra, a typical pioneer tree which invades disturbed sites, suggested that the severity of soil surface disturbances increase in this order. The disturbance regime explains the vegetation pattern on the study site, where the rotational type landslide had occurred."

' Habitat fragmentation is recognized as one of the main factors associated with species extinction and is particularly acute in South American forest habitats. In this study, we examined the effects of forest fragmentation on the beetle assemblage at the relict temperate forest of Fray Jorge (Chile). We evaluated the following hypotheses: (1) there is a strong edge effect, so that the number of beetle species and individuals increases away from the edge, towards the inner part of each fragment, (2) this pattern should be apparent in the larger fragments but not in the smaller ones, where edge effects are expected to be stronger, and (3) there should be a significant interaction between number of species/individuals found inside and outside fragments (i.e., in the matrix) and season, because of an increase in aridity and water stress during austral summer months. We found that the relationship between the number of individuals and number of species vs distance from the matrix towards the forest interior was affected by fragment size and season. In general, both number of species and individuals tended to increase from the matrix towards the forest edge and then either decrease, increase or maintain a constant level, depending on fragment size and season. The result of an ANOVA analysis, which used season, size, and position (inside vs outside fragments) as factors and number of individuals as the response variable, showed a significant effect of fragment size, position, and season and a significant interaction between fragment size and season, season and position, and size and position. ANOVA analysis using number of species as the response variable showed that area, season, and position all had significant effects. The results also showed a significant interaction between size and season and between season and position. Our results emphasize the existence of strong fragment-size and seasonal effects modulating both the response of beetles to fragmentation and their abundance and distribution in temperate areas. Thus, seasonal dynamic effects can be of paramount importance to demonstrate and understand the effect of habitat fragmentation upon arthropod assemblages in temperate areas.'

'The existence of a relationship between the spatial pattern of trees and the distribution of young individuals beneath the canopy has been tested in the beech (Fagus sylvatica) and spruce (Picea abies) \xe2\x80\x94 fir (Abies alba) forests in the mountainous region, using two different methods. The first method was the analysis of spatial pattern of individuals, the second one was based on calculating sums of influences of all trees occurring within analysed plot on a given point on the forest floor. Results of spatial pattern analyses were surprisingly consistent: almost all mature trees and seedlings didplayed a random pattern of spatial arrangement. However, there is a clear, although statistically insignificant tendency towards uniformity of spatial pattern with increasing sizes of analysed trees. Results of comparing sums of influences on regularly distributed points with sums of influences on seedlings or saplings revealed no tendency in forest regeneration to concentrate in places, where the sums were smaller than the average for a plot. This, coupled with the dominance of random spatial pattern of trees, suggests, that viewed on a small spatial scale, influence of competition among forest trees on their spatial arrangement is obscured by other factors, which are not closely related to the distribution of individuals.'

'This paper reviews the ecological effects of tree uprooting. In many forests, disturbance by uprooting is the primary means of maintaining species richness and diversity. Treefall may be due to exogenous factors or it may be endogenously created, although the former predominate. The canopy gap formed by downed trees is often vital to community vegetation dynamics and successional pathways, by providing high light niches (gaps) for pioneer species, by encouraging release of suppressed, shade-tolerant saplings, and through recruitment of new individuals. Nutrient cycling may be affected by uprooting as subsoil materials are brought to the surface, via additions of woody debris to the forest floor, through exposure of bare mineral soil, and by changes in throughfall chemistry. The influence of the resultant pit/mound microtopography on understorey herb distribution is largely due to microclimatic and microtopographic variation. Tree seedling distribution, however, is related to microtopography primarily through differences in soil morphology, nutrition, and moisture content of mound and pit sites.'

'Fragmentation and human-wildlife conflicts represent severe threats to wildcats such as the kodkod cat (Leopardus guigna), endemic to the heavily impacted Chilean temperate rainforest. Here we assess to which extent this vulnerable forest specialist is able to use altered habitat (agricultural matrix, forest edge, human presence) by studying its home ranges, habitat use, and patch selection in privately owned rainforest remnants. We radio-tracked five individuals over 33\xe2\x80\x93376 days. Mean 95% kernel home ranges were 623 ha, with a mean 50% core area of 191 ha. Ecological-niche and Mahalanobis distance factor analysis confirmed forest-dependency and revealed that the individuals made intensive use of forest edges, close to water. They did not avoid houses. Generalized linear mixed models showed that the monitored kodkods selected elongated woodland patches. We conclude that the kodkods compensated the non-forest space by maintaining larger home ranges and making efficient use of forest edges probably due to higher prey availability. Future studies should identify ecological traps, and describe connectivity and source-sink dynamics in the agricultural matrix to develop long-term conservation efforts for the smallest cat of the Americas.'

"BackgroundThe olive mouse Abrothrix olivacea is a cricetid rodent of the subfamily Sigmodontinae that inhabits a wide range of contrasting environments in southern South America, from aridlands to temperate rainforests. Along its distribution, it presents different geographic forms that make the olive mouse a good focal case for the study of geographical variation in response to environmental variation. We chose to characterize the kidney transcriptome because this organ has been shown to be associated with multiple physiological processes, including water reabsorption.ResultsTranscriptomes of thirteen kidneys from individuals from Argentina and Chile were sequenced using Illumina technology in order to obtain a kidney reference transcriptome. After combining the reads produced for each sample, we explored three assembly strategies to obtain the best reconstruction of transcripts, TrinityNorm and DigiNorm, which include its own normalization algorithms for redundant reads removal, and Multireads, which simply consist on the assembly of the joined reads. We found that Multireads strategy produces a less fragmented assembly than normalization algorithms but recovers fewer number of genes. In general, about 15000 genes were annotated, of which almost half had at least one coding sequence reconstructed at 99% of its length. We also built a list of highly expressed genes, of which several are involved in water conservation under laboratory conditions using mouse models.ConclusionBased on our assembly results, Trinity's in silico normalization is the best algorithm in terms of cost-benefit returns; however, our results also indicate that normalization should be avoided if complete or nearly complete coding sequences of genes are desired. Given that this work is the first to characterize the transcriptome of any member of Sigmodontinae, a subfamily of cricetid rodents with about 400 living species, it will provide valuable resources for future ecological and evolutionary genomic analyses."

'A remarkable congruence among areas of endemism, panbiogeographic nodes, and refugia in western North America, Japan, south-western China, Tasmania, and New Caledonia indicates that these areas deserve special status for conservation. Here we propose that areas identified by different biogeographic methods are significant candidates for designation as hotspots.'

'Maximum parsimony and Bayesian likelihood analysis of ribosomal DNA internal transcribed spacer (ITS) sequences from 55 samples representing 25 species, subspecies, and/or hybrids of Tropaeolum sect. Chilensia yielded a tree with a large proportion of well-supported nodes at the interspecific and intersubspecific level. However, the tree shows samples from two species, T.azureum and T. brachyceras, arising in two different positions. Samples representing subspecies of T. hookerianum and T. leptophyllum suggest that these species are polyphyletic. The data corroborate evidence for hybridization between T. brachyceras and T. tricolor. Consideration of interfertility data, past and present Chilean ecology, and empirical evidence for the behavior of phenotypic and genotypic characters in known hybrids suggest a high likelihood that reticulate evolution has played a role in the diversification of T. sect. Chilensia. This reticulate evolution may explain the discordance between the ITS tree and the conventional taxonomy. High divergence in ITS sequences between T. sect. Chilensia and other members of Tropaeolum prohibits reliable outgroup-rooting, but midpoint rooting places the root at a partition comprising taxa whose distribution conforms to a relictual eastern-western South American disjunction described for other taxa. Within the Chilean taxa, the analysis suggests that biogeographic diversification has been from the mesophytic southern habitats northward to central mediterranean and northern arid zones.'

'Demographic change is supposed to be the most important indirect driver for changing biodiversity. In this article, a systematic review of 148 studies was conducted to examine the scientific evidence for this relationship and to identify potential gaps in research. We explored the spatial distribution of studies, the categories addressed with respect to biodiversity and demographic change, and the ways in which their relationships were conceptualised (spatially and temporally) and valued. The majority of studies were carried out in Africa, Europe and North America. Our analysis confirms the trend that demographic phenomena were mostly found to negatively influence biodiversity. However, a considerable number of studies also point towards impacts that were context dependent, either positive or negative under certain circumstances. In addition to that we identified significant gaps in research. In particular, there is a lack of addressing (1) other demographic aspects such as population decline, age structure or gender differences, (2) spatial variability of, e.g. human population growth, (3) long-term effects of demographic processes, and (4) the context dependency (e.g. regulations/law enforcement, type of human activities, and choice of scale or proxy). We conclude there is evidence that the relationship between biodiversity and demographic change is much more complex than expected and so far represented in research. Thus, we call for a social\xe2\x80\x93ecological biodiversity research that particularly focusses on the functional relation between biodiversity and human activities, namely the different types, context, and interdependent dynamics (spatial and temporal) of this complex relation.'

'Activity patterns of mammals are shaped by abiotic pressures and biotic interactions. Here, we describe the daily activity pattern of the northern tiger cat Leopardus tigrinus in semiarid drylands, an Endangered species in Brazil, and test its overlap with those of potential prey, small mammals and ground birds. Also, we test the effect of the lunar phase on the synchrony of the predator-prey interactions. Camera trap data were obtained from ten areas in the Caatinga of the Rio Grande do Norte state, totalling a sampling effort of 7271 camera-days. The northern tiger cat activity pattern was primarily nocturnal, although it shows a considerable crepuscular activity and some daytime activity. Results suggest a high activity overlap with small mammals, that were strongly nocturnal, but a low activity overlap with ground birds that were diurnal and crepuscular. The lunar cycle did not affect the activity of the northern tiger cat, but changed the activity of small mammals, which were most active during new moon phase. A feeding study performed in another geographic region of the Caatinga suggests, in contrast, that northern tiger cats should have a higher activity during the day or during the crepuscular period. Our results suggest that the stressful conditions of the day period in the Caatinga drylands, the virtual absence of nocturnal top predators in our study area, and the higher availability of small mammals during the night are propably shaping the activity pattern of the northern tiger cat. Our study contributes to enlarge our knowledge on the behavioural ecology of a threatened small cat providing one of the first insight on its predator-prey interactions.'

'Understanding the responses of natural communities to disturbances remains a challenging task in ecology. In northwestern Patagonia, the most important disturbances are fire and introduced ungulates. Although these disturbances have been present in this region since late eighteen century, their effects on arthropods diversity have been poorly studied. Here, we examined the short-term response of ground beetles (Coleoptera) to fire (burnt and unburnt) in browsed forests and to cattle browsing (cattle and no cattle) in post-fire forests. We collected ground beetles with pitfall traps and estimated beetle abundance, species richness, assemblage composition, abundance of trophic guilds and beetle characteristic species, and measured some habitat parameters. We found that burnt browsed forest had lower diversity and different assemblage composition than unburnt forest. Beetle abundance, assemblage composition and abundance of trophic guilds were similar in post-fire forests with and without cattle browsing. Conversely, beetle species richness was higher in cattle than in no cattle forests. Fire had a strong negative effect on beetle diversity probably by its effect changing habitat structure. Whereas fire had a homogenizing influence on beetle diversity with and without cattle, at small-spatial scales, browsing of cattle probably generate habitat heterogeneity enhancing beetle richness. The implementation of policies aimed to reduce the risk of fire and to maintain low-moderate cattle pressure appears to be vital to conserve the beetle assemblage in the Patagonian region.'

Abstract not available

'In 1979 and 1991, trees over 2.0 m high were measured and mapped together with their crown projections to clarify stand dynamics and shifts in canopy dominants during this period, in a permanent plot of 0.525 ha in an old-growth, cool temperate mixed forest of Mt Moiwa, Central Hokkaido, northern Japan. During this period, an abundant recruitment of trees was observed after some canopy trees were felled by a typhoon in 1981 leaving gaps in the canopy. Vigorous recruitment was observed forTilia japonica, Acer mono andPrunus ssiori. These species had different regeneration sites in relation to canopy state. NeitherUlmus japonica norKalopanax pictus had any recruits during the 12 year period even in gaps. The equilibrium composition of tree species projected from transition probability analysis also implied the above shift of dominant species during the 12 year period in the plot and suggested that the present forest is not in an equilibrium state.'

'Six strains of an undescribed Candida species which ferment D-xylose tardily, were isolated from soil. A description of the new species, Candida lyxosophila, is given.'

'Electrophoretically detectable genetic variation was used to describe the genetic structure of three South American species ofNothofagus: the widespreadN. betuloides andN. dombeyi, and the geographically restrictedN. nitida. Although the widespread species possess higher levels of genetic variation, the three species have more genetic variation within than among populations. These results are consistent with the theoretical expectations for woody, presumably highly outerossed species with wind-borne seeds.Estimates of outcrossing rates from progeny arrays yielded slightly higher average t-values forN. nitida (1.158) andN. dombeyi (range 0.873\xe2\x80\x931.045) than forN. betuloide (0.878). Hierarchical analysis of population structure revealed values of FIS and FIT that were positive and significantly different from zero at most loci and for each species. The levels of inbreeding detected by F-statistics indicate some degree of self-fertilization and/or population substructuring into discrete family groups. Reduced seed vagility and regeneration of natural stands after disturbance by a few remnant individuals would probably generate the recruitment of related seedlings underneath parent trees.The analysis of a putative hybrid population betweenN. nitida andN. betuloides indicated that individuals clearly segregated intonitida-like orbetuloides- like individuals. The reduced outcrossing rate ofbetuloides-like individuals from the hybrid site (t=0.585) is interpreted in concert with low pollen availability and the increased probability of selfing and/or hybridization inNothofagus.'

Abstract not available

'Many of Chile\xe2\x80\x99s iconic cactus species are threatened by human activities and global change. In order to safeguard them from extinction, both in situ and ex situ conservation actions are urgently needed. In this paper, an overview is given of the in situ and ex situ conservation status of the mainly Chilean cactus genera Copiapoa, Eriosyce and Eulychnia, including a worldwide survey of living ex situ collections of the species of these genera. From our results, we can conclude that although the threats to Chile\xe2\x80\x99s remarkable biodiversity are now recognized as an environmental problem, and efforts are underway to protect the threatened endemic flora, many of the most threatened species are currently not protected in situ. Although a higher percentage of living accessions of Copiapoa, Eriosyce and Eulychnia in ex situ collections are of known wild origin compared to results of previous studies on other plant groups, the number of available accessions is insufficient to adequately preserve the genetic diversity of the threatened species. Prospects to upscale both in situ and ex situ conservation of the studied genera are discussed.'

'Canopy gap and chilling requirements for seed germination were assessed in 61 and 44 species, respectively, in the temperate rain forest of southern Chile. Germination assays within canopy gap and understorey were carried out under natural conditions. Germination tests in cold stratified and non-stratified seeds were performed under laboratory conditions. Seeds were collected of common trees, shrubs, vines and perennial herbs of forests in southern Chile. Final percent germination was significantly enhanced under canopy gap conditions in 19 species, and significantly reduced in 11 species. Germination proved indifferent under gap vs. understorey conditions in half the species tested. Cold stratification affected germination in 11 species: significantly increasing final germination of four species, and significantly decreasing final percent germination of seven species. A Principal Components Analysis (PCA) was applied with the purpose of identifying groups of species with similar germination strategies. Four attributes were included in the PCA: final germination percentage in canopy gap, germination rate in the laboratory, and gap-and chilling-dependency indices (EGAP and STRAT, respectively). The first axis separated species mainly on EGAP variation while the second axis separated them mainly according to STRAT variation; the two axes together explaining 73% of the among-species variation. A small group of trees and vines germinating best in the understorey and neutral to chilling could clearly be distinguished from the remaining species analyzed. Multifactorial ANOVAs were used for evaluating the combined effect of successional status, seed mass, dispersal period, life form, phylogenetic categories, and dispersal syndrome on EGAP and STRAT variation. The EGAP value of secondary successional species proved significantly greater than that of primary successional species and species with endozoochorous seed dispersal were significantly less dependent on chilling (according to STRAT values) compared to species with mainly wind-dispersed seeds. The possible implications of these results for seedling establishment are discussed.'

'Vascular epiphytes are typically associated with tropical rainforests, whereas their occurrence in temperate forests is little appreciated. This review summarises the available information on epiphytism in the temperate zones (> 23.5 latitude), which has not been reviewed omprehensively for more than a century, and critically analyses the proposed mechanisms behind the observed biogeographical patterns. Although in the temperate zone epiphytic vascular plants are rarely as impressive as in tropical forests, there are noteworthy exceptions. Temperate rain forests of Chile and New Zealand, or montane forests in the Himalayas are comparable to many tropical forests in terms of epiphyte biomass and diversity, but differ in their taxonomic spectrum temperate epiphyte communities are generally dominated by ferns and fern-allies. Other temperate areas are not, however, necessarily barren of epiphytes, as repeatedly implied. Quite in contrast, local populations of epiphytes in a large number of other non-tropical areas in both the southern and the northern hemisphere can be quite conspicuous. The proposed reasons for the latitudinal gradients in epiphyte abundance and diversity (water scarcity or low tempera-tures). are not fully convincing and, moreover, still await experimental verification. Other factors, both historical (e.g., Pleistocene extinctions) and ecological (e.g., prevalence of conifers in the northern hemisphere), should also be taken into consideration to obtain a comprehensive explanation of the extant global distribution of vascular epiphytes.'

'The northernmost \xe2\x80\x98robles\xe2\x80\x99 of Argentina, located in Lagunas de Epulauquen (northwest Patagonia), are considered a population of Nothofagus obliqua, even though they differ in some respects from individuals of other populations of the species. In order to analyse a possible genetic basis of their distinctive character, we revised previous information and added new evidence based on biochemical (isozyme) and molecular (chloroplast DNA and nuclear microsatellite) markers, as well as quantitative trait variation (seed traits, leaf morphology, plant architecture and field performance). The comparison of Lagunas de Epulauquen specimens with specimens from other areas in Argentina demonstrated their genetic distinction. Glacial history, in conjunction with hybridisation processes, provides support for the main hypothesis to explain these results. Future research lines are proposed, aimed at identifying the taxonomic status of the Lagunas de Epulauquen population. The conservation value of these forests is highlighted.'

'Despite the popularity of tourism and recreation in the Andes in South America and the regions conservation value, there is limited research on the ecological impacts of these types of anthropogenic use. Using a systematic quantitative literature review method, we found 47 recreation ecology studies from the Andes, 25 of which used an experimental design. Most of these were from the Southern Andes in Argentina (13 studies) or Chile (eight studies) with only four studies from the Northern Andes. These studies documented a range of impacts on vegetation, birds and mammals; including changes in plant species richness, composition and vegetation cover and the tolerance of wildlife of visitor use. There was little research on the impacts of visitors on soils and aquatic systems and for some ecoregions in the Andes. We identify research priorities across the region that will enhance management strategies to minimise visitor impacts in Andean ecosystems.'

'South American foxes are included in the monophyletic genus Lycalopex, with several recent species. Here, the influence of environment about cranial size and shape variations of Lycalopex gymnocercus was explicitly addressed. 3D landmark-based methodology was used to acquire morphometric data. Each record locality was georeferenced and assigned both environmental variables and ecoregion membership. Size and shape changes were analyzed with regression and redundancy analyses, including the study of -spatial autocorrelation. An association of smaller specimens with arid and colder environments was found. Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule does not hold for this species. Pampas foxes from humid and warm areas display morphological traits related to more carnivorous diets, whereas those from arid and cold environments should display more hypocarnivorous traits. We found that 15% of shape variation explained by environment was independent of allometry, suggesting that both are independent components of the total cranial shape in Pampas foxes.'

'High Andean wetlands are naturally fragmented ecosystems that are impacted by anthropogenic activities. Although they constitute important reservoirs of biodiversity and ecosystem service providers, many aspects of their ecology are still unknown. In this study, we investigated the population genetic structure of two dominant and highly interactive plant species of high altitude wetlands, Patosia clandestina (Juncaceae) and Carex gayana (Cyperaceae), in 21 high Andean wetlands of Chile\xe2\x80\x99s Norte Chico. Using rbcL gene sequences and AFLP markers, we found that both species displayed low levels of within-wetland genetic diversity, high inter-population genetic differentiation, and spatially-dependent genetic variation arising from isolation-by-distance. The distance at which populations become genetically independent was of the same order of magnitude in both species (125\xe2\x80\x93175\xc2\xa0km). Despite these similarities, idiosyncratic spatial patterns were detected. C. gayana in the three most northeastern wetlands demonstrated marked differences relative to the rest of the populations, with the latter group following a latitudinal stepping-stone pattern. In P. clandestina, a genetic barrier was found to divide the northern and southern populations into two balanced groups, and spatial genetic variation was consistent with a hierarchical island model. The data indicate that each of the two species likely responded to different geological and ecological events, resulting in the definition of unique evolutionarily significant units in both. These results suggest that the implementation of global conservation programs at regional scales would likely result in the loss of important components of biodiversity in these ecosystems, and underscore the need for caution in designing effective conservation strategies.'

'Most studies about the impact of urbanization on bird assemblages are from the Northern Hemisphere and most previous research has reported that cities reduced bird species richness and favored the settlement of exotic bird species. However, most of these studies took place in large cities and few of them were focused on riparian environments. The aim of our study was to investigate how richness and abundance of riparian birds change along the urban-rural gradient of Esquel, a small city in Patagonia. We established two rural riparian sites upstream, two urban riparian sites and two rural riparian sites downstream, and set up six point counts in each site. We counted birds twice (once in November 2013 and January 2014) and sampled vegetation coverage at each point count location. We used GLMMs to analyze data. Bird species richness decreased from rural to urban sites while bird abundance increased. Omnivores thrived in the city whereas insectivores and insectivore-frugivores were abundant in rural sites. Birds species richness was associated with plant species richness, while abundances of insectivores and insectivore-frugivores birds were related to shrub coverage and foliage height diversity. Our study highlighted that small cities can modify bird communities in the same way as large cities, thus policies for conservation of birds should be created to coincide with urbanizations. We recommend planting native species in all urban green spaces and informing citizens about the benefits of this action. If everybody collaborates, conservation of native birds in developing areas of Andean Patagonia will be possible.'

'Several studies relating land cover to stream properties have used sample sizes of more than 100 watersheds, but the variance that they explain is moderate to low (R\n2 less than 50%), limiting the predictive value of these studies when their models are applied to watersheds that were not included in the models\xe2\x80\x99 development. We hypothesize that this is due to the increases in variation that occur with increases in sample size and in the geographic scales of the areas in which the watersheds are distributed. Land cover alone cannot explain all of that variation; more predictors must be considered. Conversely, models with high explicative power would require relatively small sample sizes distributed over small areas. This hypothesis was evaluated sampling 17 watersheds from southern Chile\xe2\x80\x99s Lake Region, for which we developed regressive models between land cover/watershed area/precipitation/geomorphology and stream properties (i.e., conductivity, temperature). With a maximum n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa015 watersheds, on a regional scale, a poorly explained variation in hydrologic variables (mean 37\xe2\x80\x9349%) was obtained. The R\n2 increased slightly, to 45\xe2\x80\x9352%, when precipitation was included as a predictor. In half of the cases analyzed, the models improved when geomorphology was considered as an additional predictor (60\xe2\x80\x9366%), supporting our hypothesis. Furthermore, when our analysis was restricted to a narrower latitudinal span (n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa09), the R\n2 was much stronger (68\xe2\x80\x9387%) when only land cover and watershed area were included as predictors. These percentages also increased when more predictors were incorporated. Nevertheless, a portion of unexplained variance remained that would require the consideration of more predictors, such as geology and edaphology. The documented trade-off provides evidence that argues against the spatial generality of land cover/stream property models.'

'Anthropogenic habitat disturbance can have profound effects on multiple components of forest biotas including pollinator assemblages. We assessed the effect of small-scale disturbance on local richness, abundance, diversity and evenness of insect pollinator fauna; and how habitat disturbance affected species turnover across the landscape and overall diversity along a precipitation gradient in NW Patagonia (Argentina). We evaluated the effect of disturbance on overall pollinator fauna and then separately for bees (i.e. Apoidea) and non-bee pollinators. Locally, disturbed habitats had significantly higher pollinator species richness and abundances than undisturbed habitats for the whole pollinator assemblage, but not for bees or non-bees separately. However, significant differences in species richness between habitats vanished after accounting for differences in abundance between habitat types. At a local scale Shannon\xe2\x80\x93Weaver diversity and evenness did not vary with disturbance. A \xce\xb2 diversity index indicated that, across forest types, species turnover was lower between disturbed habitats than between undisturbed habitats. In addition, rarefaction curves showed that disturbed habitats as a whole accumulated fewer species than undisturbed habitats at equivalent sample sizes. We concluded that small patches of disturbed habitat have a negligible effect on local pollinator diversity; however, habitat disturbance reduced \xce\xb2 diversity through a homogenization of the pollinator fauna (in particular of bees) across the landscape.'

'Seedling recruitment and survivorship of beech (Fagus crenata) were studied with special reference to the simultaneous death of undergrowing bamboo (Sasa kurilensis). The survival rate of beech seedlings on the floor whereSasa had withered was much higher than that on the floor whereSasa survived. Damping off caused the largest mortality among beech seedlings. However, the allocation pattern of matter to different parts of the seedlings indicated that their survival was greatly affected by production economy. The dense cover of dwarf bamboo prevented the establishment of beech seedling banks on the forest floor. The interval between the times when simultaneous death ofSasa occur and the length of its recovery period are thus important factors controlling the dynamics of beech forests in Japan.'

'The distribution and regeneration strategy of the major canopy dominants in species-rich subtropical/warm temperate rainforests in south-western Japan was studied in a hilly zone below 1100 m a.s.l. Using the patch sampling method, four dominance-community types were numerically identified and they corresponded to four habitats which represented a combination of topography and altitude (i.e. ridgesvs slopes, and belowvs above 500 m a.s.l.) Seven major canopy dominants had their respective distributional core in one of these topo-altitudinal habitats. The seven canopy dominants could be classified into three species groups according to their size structure and growth habits. Group A (Tsuga sieboldii andQuercus gilva) and group B (Quercus acuta, Quercus salicina, Machilus thunbergii) were restricted to the emergent and canopy layer, respectively. These two groups had only a few subcanopy trees and saplings. Saplings of group B showed a rapid growth rate in canopy gaps. Group C (Distylium racemosum) was characterized by many subcanopy trees and saplings that grew steadily under the closed canopy.Castanopsis sieboldii showed intermediate characteristics between group B and C in the size structure and growth habit of its saplings. The density ofD. racemosum canopy trees was markedly reduced on ridges and slopes above 500 m and on slopes below 500 m. In these marginal habitats, the three species groups coexisted by sharing different strata within a community. This situation was possible due to the differences in regeneration strategies among the canopy species.'

'Non-native species have been introduced at escalating rates during the last decades, mainly due to the dispersion generated by the increasing trade and transport worldwide. Mollusks, the second largest metazoan phylum in terms of species richness, are no exception to this pattern, but, to date, a comprehensive synthesis of non-native mollusk species (NNMS)\xc2\xa0in South America was not available. For this purpose, an e-discussion group was formed with malacologists and taxonomists from South America, where we exchanged and analyzed bibliography, databases and information about NNMS, providing expert opinion to this assessment. The first list of non-native mollusk species for South America, considering terrestrial, freshwater and marine environments, includes 86 NNMS distributed in 152 ecoregions (terrestrial, freshwater and marine) of the 189 recognized for the South American continent. Information on their native region, vectors, first record for South America and distribution, are also provided. In the analysis of the distribution of the NNMS and the entry points of each species (e.g., ports, cargo and passenger airports, cities) and status of conservation of the ecoregions, four hot spots were recognized: Subtropical-Atlantic, Northern Andes, Central Andes and Southern Andes. This work, thus, sets the baseline on NNMS for South America, a key piece of information regarding the development of policies targeting the management of biological invasions and their socio-ecological impacts.'

'In fragmented landscapes, the sharp transitions between remnant habitats and those created by human disturbances result in \xe2\x80\x9cedge effects\xe2\x80\x9d. Changes in microhabitat characteristics (for example, the height at which epiphytic plants grow on their host trees) may, however, modulate these effects. We evaluated how distance to the edge and height on the host tree affect seed germination and adult occurrence of the austral-forest epiphyte Sarmienta repens. The negative effect of edges on germination and adult occurrence was modulated by a vertical gradient (height) with contrasting effects on seed germination and survival to adulthood. Seed germination was affected by both height and distance to the forest edge, increasing away from forest edges for plants growing on trees in mid-story (3\xe2\x80\x936\xc2\xa0m) and canopy zones (6\xe2\x80\x9312\xc2\xa0m) but being unaffected by the distance to the edge for plants located in understory zones (<3\xc2\xa0m above the ground). Adult occurrence, in contrast, increased with both height and distance to the edge. As a result, seeds deposited near edges germinated best at a microhabitat (understory zone) inadequate for subsequent survival. Our results stress the importance of maintaining intact forest areas, free from edge influences and hosting large trees, to preserve the rich epiphytic flora characteristic of humid forests.'

'\nCordyceps cuncunae Palfner sp. nov. is reported from Valdivian rainforest in southern Chile, parasiting larvae of an unidentified ghost moth species (Lepidoptera, Hepialidae) which probably feed on roots of Laureliopsis philippiana. Morphology and anatomy of stromata as well as morphological and molecular characteristics of mycelium in pure culture which produces two anamorphs, one of them Lecanicillium-like, are described. The systematic position of the new taxon within the most recent generic concept is discussed. This is the first record of an endemic Cordyceps species from Chile.'

'Forest bird species exhibit noticeable seasonal behavioral changes that might lead to contrasting effects of landscape pattern upon species abundance and performance. We assessed if the effect of patch and habitat attributes on the landscape use of thorn-tailed rayaditos (Aphrastura spinicauda), a forest bird in a relict patchy forest in northern Chile, varied temporally in association with changes in the behavior of individuals linked to breeding vs. non-breeding conditions. We also assessed the relationship between nest success and patch and habitat attributes, as nest success might be associated to the density rayaditos during the breeding season. We found that density of rayaditos was affected by patch size and functional connectivity but not by habitat structure and that the magnitude of the effect of patch size was greater during the non-breeding season, thus supporting the existence of a temporally variable effect of landscape pattern. Similarly, the nest success of rayaditos was positively affected by functional connectivity and negatively by structural connectivity. We hypothesize that these results emerged from the interaction among territorial behavior, resource limitation and predation risk. Despite the variable intensity of the effect of patch size upon density, however, this landscape attribute, in addition to connectivity, is essential for the persistence of rayaditos at this relict patchy forest landscapes.'

'Studies of soil, sediments and vegetation cover on the coastal zone and at the Nahuelbuta Range, Province of Arauco, Central Chile, often provide insights into the landscape development and vegetation succession during the Quaternary. The present vegetation reflects the climatic changes operating since the Pleistocene and the degradation brought about by human action since the land opening by colonists. Increasing pressures by timber companies are causing a replacement of the original forests by pines and eucalyptus and the encroachment of crop lands used for the production of staples by Mapuche Indians.'

'Using 94 data sets from across the globe, we explored patterns of mean community species richness, landscape species richness, mean similarity among communities and mosaic diversity. Climate affected community species richness primarily through productivity while other climatic factors were secondary. Climatic equability affected species richness only in temperate regions where richness was greatest at high levels of temperature variability and low levels of precipitation variability. Landscape species richness correlated positively with community species richness. A global gradient in mean similarity existed but was uncorrelated with community species richness. Mean similarity was least and mosaic diversity was greatest between 25 and 30\xc2\xb0 latitude. The most diverse landscapes (low mean similarity) correlated with warm temperatures, high elevations, large areas and large seasonal temperature fluctuations. The most complex landscapes (high mosaic diversity) correlated with large areas, high productivity and warm winters. We compared diversity measures among continents and found only one significant difference: Australian landscapes have greater mosaic diversity than African landscapes. Based on our analyses we propose two hypotheses: (1) for plants, biotic interactions are more important in structuring landscapes in warmer climates and (2) longer isolated landscapes have more clearly differentiated ecological subunits.'

'\nTristerix corymbosus (Loranthaceae) is a keystone mistletoe from the South American temperate rainforests. As most mistletoes, T. corymbosus relies on biotic pollination and seed dispersal, which may cause population structure. For a better understanding of its ecology, we isolated and characterized ten polymorphic microsatellite loci for this species. We used 454 Next Generation Sequencing to build a microsatellite library from a high quality DNA sample. We tested 90 sequences from which we obtained ten polymorphic markers. In order to assess their variability, the novel markers were tested in 48 individuals from three locations of the Valdivian Coastal Reserve in Chile. We also estimated genetic differences between pairs of populations using the FST statistic. The mean number of alleles per locus in the 48 individuals studied was 7.1 (2\xe2\x80\x9317 alleles per locus). The observed and expected heterozygosity ranged from 0.298 to 0.634 and from 0.310 to 0.881, respectively. There were genetic differences among the three populations assessed, according to the FST values (ranging from 0.048 to 0.100, all significant) and, the number of alleles per locus ranged from 3.9 to 5.1. These are the first microsatellite markers developed for T. corymbosus, and they arise as a powerful tool for studying population structure, genetic diversity and gene flow at the landscape scale, along its distribution.'

'The Millennium Seed Bank (MSB) Partnership, developed and managed by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew (RBG Kew), conserves propagules primarily from orthodox seed-bearing wild vascular plants. It is the largest ex situ conservation programme in the world, currently involving 96 countries and territories. Where possible, seeds are collected and conserved in the country of origin with duplicates being sent to RBG Kew\xe2\x80\x99s MSB for storage. In this paper we assess the conservation value of the germplasm stored at the MSB using both quantitative and qualitative methods. The MSB holdings represent a high quality, rich biological resource. Substantial and unique taxonomic diversity exists amongst the collections, representing 365 families, 5813 genera, 36,975 species and 39,669 taxa conserved. The collections cover a wide geographic range, originating from 189 countries and territories, representing all nine bio-geographic regions and all 35 biodiversity hotspots. The collections possess significant natural capital and population value: 32% of taxa, representing 49% of collections, have at least one identified use to humans; and 74% of taxa, representing 78% of collections, are either endemic, endangered (nationally or globally) and/or have an economic, ecological, social, cultural or scientific value. While 10% of taxa, representing >\xc2\xa08% of collections, are either extinct, rare or vulnerable to extinction at the global and/or national level, 20% of taxa, representing 13% collections, are endemic at the country or territory scale. Over the 17-year period since 2000 at least 11,182 seed samples, representing 12% of taxa and 8% of collections, have been distributed globally for conservation, research, education and display. This analysis highlighted collection gaps in MSB holdings in relation to their geographic representativeness, the taxonomic diversity of large families and genera of angiosperms, and coverage of threatened taxa. Further analysis across the entire MSB Partnership is required to underpin future collection activities and maximize the usefulness of collections.'

'Pieces of rotten wood collected in the forest were screened for the presence of yeasts. In spring time 3 tree species were sampled, followed by 9 species in summer. Yeast strains were identified by traditional methods. Identifications were confirmed by sequencing of ribosomal DNA in case of doubt. In total 14 yeast species of ascomycetous affiliation and 6 anamorphic basidiomycetous yeasts were isolated and identified. Most species were represented by only one strain, but Candida bertae by two and Trichosporon porosum by six strains, all from different wood samples. Three strains represented novel species, one of which is described as Cryptococcus fagi Middelhoven et Scorzetti. The type strain is CBS 9964 (JCM 13614). All strains were tested for growth on several polysaccharides as sole carbon source. Only some of these polymers supported growth of ascomycetous yeasts. Basidiomycetous yeasts assimilated soluble starch, pullulan, dextran, xylan, polygalacturonate, galactomannan and tannic acid or at least some of these. Cryptococcus podzolicus and T. porosum were the most active in this respect. None of the isolated strains grew on carboxymethyl cellulose, colloidal chitin, arabinogalactan and gum xanthan. Phenolic compounds were assimilated by several strains, belonging to the Trichosporonales and the Microbotryum and Stephanoascus/Blastobotrys clades, but not by members of the Tremellales (Cryptococcus musci excepted) and the Debaryomyces/Lodderomyces clade. Most of the ascomycetes assimilated n-hexadecane.'

'Infectious diseases, in particular canine distemper virus (CDV), are an important threat to the viability of wild carnivore populations. CDV is thought to be transmitted by direct contact between individuals; therefore, the study of species interactions plays a pivotal role in understanding CDV transmission dynamics. However, CDV often appears to move between populations that are ecologically isolated, possibly through bridge hosts that interact with both species. This study investigated how an introduced species could alter multihost interactions and act as a bridge host in a novel carnivore assemblage of domestic dogs (Canis familiaris), invasive American mink (Neovison vison), and threatened river otters (Lontra provocax) in southern Chile. We found that rural dogs interact with mink near farms whereas in riparian habitats, minks and river otters shared the same latrines with both species visiting sites frequently within time intervals well within CDV environmental persistence. No interactions were observed between dogs and otters at either location. Both dog and mink populations were serologically positive for CDV, making the pathogen transfer risk to otters a conservation concern. Altogether, introduced mink in this ecosystem have the potential to act as bridge hosts between domestic dogs and endangered carnivores.'

'We assessed the arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) and dark septate endophyte (DSE) fungal associations in 57 ferns and 3 lycophytes (belonging to 15 families in 39 genera) of different life forms (epiphytic, saxicolous and terricolous) occurring in Palni Hills of Western Ghats. Fungal symbiosis was absent in all the three lycophytes examined. Fifty-five of the 57 ferns (91.66\xc2\xa0%) examined had AM and 37 (64.91\xc2\xa0%) had DSE fungal association. This is the first report on AM and DSE fungal association for 22 and 30 species, respectively. In addition, AM morphology was evaluated for the first time in 34 species. Sixty-five percentage of the mycorrhizal ferns had intermediate-type AM and 19.30\xc2\xa0% had typical Paris-type AM morphology. Both Paris- and intermediate-type AM morphologies were observed in 10.53\xc2\xa0% of ferns. The root length colonized by AM and DSE fungal structures significantly varied among species, and a significant negative relation existed between the root length colonized by AM and DSE fungi.'

'We studied the effect of fertigation with cattle slurry on native and exotic arboreal tree species in Chile. The objectives were to identify the most promising species for buffer strips to mitigate the stream pollution in dairy facilities, to determine where most nutrients accumulate (leaves, stems, or roots), and to test whether the native species are or are not a better biofilter than the exotic ones. We hypothesized that the individuals that were fertilized would have a higher nutrient concentration, nutrient accumulation, and growth than those non-fertilized. N and K concentrations were similar in fertilized trees and in the controls, while the P, Ca, Mg, and Na concentrations were higher in the control than those in the fertilized trees. Most species responded positively to fertilization on a dry matter basis. Luma apiculata, Drimys winteri, and Blepharocalyx cruckshanksii responded to fertilization showing a greater height and diameter growth. Generally, nutrients accumulated in leaves. Overall, the exotic Eucalyptus nitens was the species that accumulated more nutrients given its large growth rate. The native species that more commonly stood out in this study were D. winteri, Nothofagus dombeyi, and L. apiculata. In general, a minor proportion of the applied slurry was absorbed by trees, and we recommend the use of trees in biofilters as a complement to crop and pasture absorption.'

'Assessing small mammal diversity is a common procedure, which usually employs widespread standard techniques, for gathering information for a wide range of studies. Traditional methods, however, may be biased against capturing arboreal marsupials, such as Dromiciops gliroides, an endemic marsupial currently considered a rare species in the Patagonian temperate rainforest due to the low abundances reported previously. I tested a new capturing methodology to assess the small mammal diversity of an old-growth forest in Patagonia, based on a randomized and balanced design, which incorporated a combination of different trap types, bait types, and placement heights. The proposed methodology included four trap types (two for live-capturing: wire-mesh and Sherman traps, and two sign-recording traps for tracks and hair), two types of bait (banana and rolled oats), and two trap placements (ground level and 1.5\xe2\x80\x932.5 m above the ground). Trap type, bait type, and height of placement all had significantly different effects on capturing and detecting rodents or marsupials; environmental variables at the trap location also affected the ability to detect rodents and marsupials. Traditional methods used for sampling small mammals performed well for rodents but are not effective for capturing marsupials and vice versa, showing species-specific sampling protocols. There is no single combination of trap-bait-height capable to assess the entire small mammal community, but the combination of the most effective protocol for rodents and the most effective protocol for marsupials guarantee better results.'

'Western environmental thought and practice historically separated humans and nature. This dichotomy led to an ecological bias in environmental research and management, but increasingly issues like biological invasions are being re-conceived as socio-ecological problems. Here, we studied how terrestrial and freshwater vertebrate species assemblages in Tierra del Fuego (TDF) have been co-constructed between humans and nature. The social imaginary concept was used to integrate shared discourses (e.g., species preferences, nature ideals, broader social values) and practices (e.g., species introductions, environmental management) via institutions (e.g., informal norms, laws, governmental entities, organizations). To analyze how socio-historical processes interact with biological invasions, we used TDF as a case study linked to broader geographic scales in Patagonia, Argentina, Chile and beyond. We found three predominant social imaginaries characterizing human\xe2\x80\x93nature relationships that led to 20 species being introduced and subsequent efforts to remove or control seven of these: Colonization (ca. 1850\xe2\x80\x931930), Development (ca. 1930\xe2\x80\x931980) and Conservation (ca. 1980\xe2\x80\x93present). Each imaginary materialized via formal and informal institutions operating from local to international scales. Specifically, we uncovered 10 discourse categories that related to human interventions of TDF\xe2\x80\x99s species assemblage, ranging from racism and nationalism (Colonization and Development, respectively) to wilderness and uniqueness (Conservation). These ideas affected actions to introduce (eight and 10 species during Colonization and Development, respectively) or remove species (one and seven in Development and Conservation, respectively). An integrated socio-ecological understanding of biological invasions identified not only social preferences and values, but also underlying social processes that can help resolve the complex and underappreciated interactions between society and biological invasions.'

'Coastal areas can be a challenge for conservation due to multiple competing land uses including development, tourism, and extractive resource use. These multiple land uses often lead to human-wildlife conflicts. Here we propose that collaboration with industrial designers and architects has the potential to generate innovative and effective solutions to coastal human-wildlife conflicts. Many products for modifying animal behavior are already used by conservationists, such as barriers, corridors, and model predators. We propose that their effectiveness, quality, harmonization with local values, and integration with the designed human environment can be improved through collaboration with designers and architects. We illustrate this approach with a case study. We engaged in an industrial design- conservation collaboration focused on the design of multiple product proposals that would support a range of human-sea lion interactions in public parks and the fish market in Valdivia, Chile. The sea lions in Valdivia are a tourist attraction but also potentially dangerous. We produced images of seven proposed products of varying scales, facilitating a range of different sea lion- human interactions. Such collaborations can be useful for developing products that reduce human-wildlife conflicts and align conservation and management with local values. We urge researchers to publish conservation design proposals as well as tests of existing conservation products\xe2\x80\x99 functionality, in order to improve conservation design practice around the world.'

'Peatlands are characterized by their large carbon (C) storage capacity and represent important C sinks globally. In southern Chile, young peatlands (few centuries old) have originated due to clearcutting or fire at forest sites with high precipitation on poorly drained soils. These novel ecosystems are called anthropogenic peatlands here. Their role in the regional C cycle remains largely unknown. Here, we present 18\xc2\xa0months of eddy covariance measurements of net ecosystem exchange (NEE) of carbon dioxide (CO2) in an anthropogenic peatland in northern Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island, part of which is kept undisturbed for 30\xe2\x80\x9340\xc2\xa0years, by excluding human uses, and another section of the same peatland that has been disturbed by cattle grazing and Sphagnum moss extraction. Gross primary productivity (GPP) and ecosystem respiration (Reco) were modeled from NEE, based on measured\xc2\xa0photosynthetically active radiation and air temperature, separately for each section of the peatland. Uncertainties of the annual flux estimates were assessed from the variability of modelled fluxes induced by applying\xc2\xa0different time-windows for model development between 10 and 20\xc2\xa0days. The undisturbed area of the peatland was on average (\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x89SD) a larger net CO2 sink (NEE\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x89\xe2\x88\x92\xe2\x80\x89135\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x89267\xc2\xa0g\xe2\x80\x89CO2\xe2\x80\x89m\xe2\x88\x922\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921) than the disturbed area (NEE\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x89\xe2\x88\x92\xe2\x80\x8933\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x89111\xc2\xa0g\xe2\x80\x89CO2\xe2\x80\x89m\xe2\x88\x922\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921). These NEE CO2 balances are small even though GPP and Reco were larger compared with other peatlands. Reco had a direct\xc2\xa0relationship with water table depth (from soil surface)\xc2\xa0and a negative relationship with\xc2\xa0soil water fraction. Our results show that the disturbance by moss extraction and cattle grazing is likely to reduce the CO2 sink function of many anthropogenic and natural\xc2\xa0peatlands on Chilo\xc3\xa9 Island, which are subjected to the same impacts.'

'We investigated belowground responses of Nothofagus alpina seedlings to post-fire conditions during natural regeneration after a wildfire in Chile, focusing on mycorrhizal community and root architecture. The complete root systems of 2-year-old N. alpina seedlings were extracted from a post-fire site with natural regeneration and compared to roots of seedlings from undisturbed forest nearby. Mycorrhizal morphotype richness was determined in each seedling. Morphometric parameters of tertiary root structure and dry biomass of whole root systems were determined in 5\xc2\xa0cm vertical intervals and in four lateral root classes. With 43.5% of colonized vital mycorrhizal root tips, the Basidiomycete Descolea antarctica was the most abundant fungal symbiont on post-fire seedlings. Tertiary root morphology of these seedlings was distinct from control plants and characterized by a deep-reaching tap root with rather evenly distributed lateral branches whereas seedlings from the undisturbed site had shallower root systems with most lateral roots concentrated in the upper soil layers. Post-fire seedlings had more mycorrhizal rootlets and mycorrhiza-bearing third order lateral roots than control plants which was expressed in a 34% higher total root number but only a 10% higher total root biomass, although both values were not statistically significant. A major part of these fine roots in seedlings from burnt forest was found in deeper soil horizons, compared to the seedlings from undisturbed forest. According to our results, post-fire conditions clearly favour Descolea antarctica as an early ectomycorrhizal colonizer of Nothofagus seedlings at the studied site. As no significant changes in soil chemistry could be observed at the burnt site, the deep-reaching tertiary root architecture of these seedlings may be interpreted as a response to other abiotic factors like reduced moisture in surface soil.'

'This article is a contribution to the study of the indigenous navigation and its boats in the region of northern Patagonia. This article also aims to contribute to the understanding of indigenous navigation practices and technologies and their origins from prehistoric times to the mid-twentieth century. It presents and discusses the concept of Westerdahl\xe2\x80\x99s Maritime Cultural Landscape in relation to other landscape concepts. This model is applied to northern Patagonia in order to discuss if it is possible to speak of a true maritime culture in the region. For this purpose, archaeological, historical and ethnographic data are presented in an integrative and innovative methodology for the discipline. Finally, the Maritime Cultural Landscape model will allow the integration of aquatic and terrestrial landscapes as routes traveled by native inhabitants of northern Patagonia and southern Chile, and propose an important and diversified maritime, river and lake tradition.'

'Leptocarpha rivularis, commonly known as \xe2\x80\x9cpalo negro\xe2\x80\x9d, is a species of the Astereaceae family, endemic in the forests of Southern Chile. The extracts of this plant have medicinal properties attributable to its secondary metabolites, mainly identified as flavonoids and terpenes. Among them, leptocarpine has gained importance as a powerful anticarcinogen. The aim of this study was the in vitro establishment of L. rivularis to develop future alternatives to obtain biomass for medicinal purposes. Young shoots obtained from plants in growth chambers were treated with Captan\xe2\x84\xa2 (2.5% (w/v)), subjected to disinfection method with ethanol, commercial chlorine, and antioxidants and tested in different Murashige & Skoog based media to establish in vitro culture. The most effective growth was observed with half strength Murashige & Skoog medium supplemented with 20\xc2\xa0g\xc2\xa0L\xe2\x88\x921 sucrose and 3.2\xc2\xa0g\xc2\xa0L\xe2\x88\x921 gelrite (MGS medium) with 95% survival at 30-d and shooting reaching 82% of the explants when Plant Preservative Mixture\xe2\x84\xa2 is added to the medium. The addition of 1\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0L\xe2\x88\x921 of indole-3-butyric acid to the MSG medium was necessary for inducing roots and obtaining well-rooted plants that were acclimatized and successfully established in the greenhouse. Our study represents the first report describing the in vitro culture of L. rivularis, allowing the sustainable use of this plant.'

' Paleoecological studies are crucial for understanding ecosystem disturbance and resilience dynamics. However, nearly all the research related to the response of aquatic communities to disturbances has been developed at short-term ecological scales. In this study, we investigate the long-term response of chironomid insects of two lakes, to volcanic and other environmental disturbances that have taken place during the last 200\xc2\xa0years. The studied lakes, Lake Verde and Lake Toncek, are located in the Nahuel Huapi National Park (northern Patagonia, Argentina), under contrasting environmental settings. Our results show that the main driver of faunal changes in both lakes is volcanism. Indeed, after the impact of the 1960 Puyehue/Calbuco volcanic events, the chironomid assemblage of Lake Verde recovered to initial conditions showing high resistance and a strong resilience to the impact. In this lake, the canopy, the presence of macrophytes, and the dynamic of the watershed are important determinants of resilience providing habitats for species colonization and/or by giving refugia to the community. Contrarily, chironomid assemblages from Lake Toncek did not recover to the original state after the impact of the ash. This lake is located above the tree line, and therefore it is highly probable that the lack of vegetation cover in the basin offered no protection for the aquatic environment, leaving the ecosystem highly exposed to the effect of the volcanic ashes. Subordinate to the effects of the volcanism, rising temperatures in the last 50\xc2\xa0years and/or increasing human activities in the area, especially in L. Toncek, may also be responsible for the changes in chironomid assemblages.'

'Mechanisms that decrease niche overlap in at least one of its dimensions (i.e., spatial, temporal, or dietary) tend to facilitate coexistence of similar, sympatric species. We investigated whether temporal or dietary segregation plays a significant role in the coexistence of Neotropical small felids. In addition, we examined the role of prey activity in shaping their time use. We compared the activity and diet of four felids ( oncilla - Leopardus gutullus, margay - L. wiedii, jaguarundi - Puma yagouaroundi, and ocelot - L. pardalis) using camera trapping and scat surveys (45 sampling sites) in an Atlantic Forest remnant (35,000 ha) in Brazil. Ocelot, margay, and oncilla seem to be generalists and, overall, they consumed mammalian prey species of distinct sizes. As a consequence, we found moderate dietary overlap between all pairs of felids and low between ocelot and the other species. Oncilla and margay seem to be cathemeral, jaguarundi diurnal, and ocelot nocturnal, which resulted in low to moderate temporal overlap between them, potentially decreasing interspecific encounters. Predator-prey temporal overlap seems to be moderate for oncilla, margay, and jaguarundi, but high for ocelot. Our results suggest that time partitioning associated with dietary differences contribute to the coexistence of this Neotropical small-felid assemblage, and that prey activity is a factor shaping their activity pattern, especially for ocelot.'

'The Ecuadorian Formative was initially interpreted as a result of long-distance diffusion, and migration, more recent research has changed our perception of the Valdivia, Machalilla, and Chorrera culture complexes. In this analysis, these archaeological investigations are reassessed in order to reevaluate our understanding regarding the nature of these prehistoric cultures. Formative chronologies, distributions, interrelationships are reviewed in the light of Pre-Hispanic occupations in El Oro Province. Previous investigations on the Ecuadorian littoral are examined. Results indicate (1) Valdivia and Machalilla are part of the same ceramic tradition and (2) the interrelationships of these complexes to Late Formative Period ceramic sequences are more complex than previously assumed. (3) A major adaptive shift related to an increased dependence upon agriculture occurred during Valdivia VI\xe2\x80\x93VIII, and continued into the Late Formative with the widespread distribution of Chorrera related material culture. (4) Long-distance interaction with the Ecuadorian highlands resulted in the spread of what may be termed a Chorrera horizon and formed the basis of subsequent Andean cosmology where it was symbolically represented according to local and regional artistic canons and over a vast area of Andean South America.'

'BackgroundIntroduced species can have a major negative impact on biodiversity; an example is the American mink, which was introduced in the 1930s in Patagonia. While there is a consensus that reversing alien mustelids continental scale invasions remains unfeasible, there is little consensus, given a maximum cost or investment, on the feasibility and efficiency of region-wide control or eradication. Thus, our goal was to provide information about efficiency for mink control in Patagonia.MethodsBetween January 2009 and February 2013 this study was conducted in ten study sites (4 km to 15 km long) between 39\xc2\xb0S to 45\xc2\xb0S latitude. Minks were trapped using cage traps operated by two trappers. We estimated the population density at each study site assuming they were close populations, exhibit intrasexual territoriality and the home range of females were smaller than those of males. We obtained a theoretical population and a modeled population from our trapping results. Sixty five minks were trapped over 2190 trap nights (0.03 mink/trap night). Mink captures were higher in the first six days and in the first trapping campaigns. A two person team was able to control a maximum distance of approximately 6 km of river shore by foot and 15 km of sea and lake shores by boat. There was an over linear increase of operational costs as time passed. Our modeled population was 91% of the theoretical population.ConclusionsWe believe that to trap and remove a minimum of 70% of the mink population in a region under ideal circumstances, traps should be deployed every 200 m and after the sixth day should be moved to another new transect. We suggest an annual repetition of this strategy as the more efficient for controlling mink populations in terms of trapping success and reduced costs. The number of traps will depend on the number of trappers participating and also on habitat characteristics.'

'\nDarwin\xe2\x80\x99s fox (Lycalopex fulvipes) is one of the most endangered canid of the world. It occurs only in two small populations in the South of Chile. We obtained molecular markers useful for population level studies of the Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s fox by screening partial genomic DNA libraries enriched for microsatellite repeats. We developed 11 microsatellite loci and genotyped 24 individuals from one of the two known populations. The loci had between 2 and 4 alleles and observed heterozygosities ranged from 0.041 to 0.608. All of these pairs of primers also successfully amplified DNA from two other Lycalopex Chilean foxes and two other canids. These microsatellite markers will be useful to assess the genetic diversity of the species.'

'The order Paucituberculata is poorly studied in comparison to other marsupial orders. This order has been of interest in evolutionary research because it shows unique characteristics within marsupials (e.g., morphology and anatomy). Caenolestes fuliginosus is the most studied and better represented species in mammalian collections. However, there is limited information regarding its ecology and even less data on population parameters. This study aims to describe some of the population parameters (i.e., sex and age ratios within an altitudinal gradient), providing information about sexual dimorphism and reproduction of this species. This research was conducted in Risaralda, Caldas, and Tolima departments in Colombia, between March and October 2014. The sampling effort was 9180 trap/nights. Sherman and pitfall traps with two types of bait used. During the study, 52 individuals were captured, consisting of 31 males and 19 females. Our results suggest that populations of this species have a male-biased sex ratio, and this bias remains consistent along the altitudinal gradient of its range. We report sexual dimorphism in C. fuliginosus with significant differences in canine shape and size and in body weight between male and female individuals. Finally, we suggest that the method used in this study should be applied in future studies of C. fuliginosus due to its effectiveness.'

'Eight strains of a novel yeast species were isolated from rotting wood and wood-boring insects in Atlantic Rain Forest ecosystems in Brazil. Sequences of the D1/D2 domains of the large subunit of the rRNA gene showed that the yeast belongs to the Scheffersomyces clade and that it is related to Candida lignicola and Candida coipomoensis. The new species was isolated from rotting wood of three different localities and a wood-boring insect suggesting that these substrates are its ecological niche. This new yeast species is able to assimilate cellobiose and other compounds related to rotting wood. Strong fermentation of cellobiose in Durham tubes was observed for the strains of this new yeast. The new species produced an intracellular \xce\xb2-glucosidase responsible for cellobiose hydrolysis. The novel species, Candida queiroziae sp. nov., is proposed to accommodate these isolates. The type strain of C. queiroziae is UFMG-CLM 5.1T (=CBS 11853T\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa0NRRL Y-48722T).'

'Malesherbiaceae are xerophytic plants of Chile, Peru, and Argentina. The 24 species of the only genus,Malesherbia, live in a variety of arid habitats in the Pacific coastal desert and adjacent Andes of Peru, Chile, and neighboring Argentina. Taxa with distributions in both Peru and Chile are rare; for this reason the family provides an excellent case study for the biogeography of this region of western South America.Phylogenetic analysis of ITS sequence data using Turneraceae as an outgroup shows a correlation between the phylogeny and the distribution of Malesherbiaceae. The origin of the family is placed in the late Miocene to early Pliocene, when the region became permanently arid. The five major clades of the family likely diverged during the Pliocene. A single clade consisting of species native to Peru and the Atacama Desert indicates that the family was introduced to Peru once. Most modern species appear to have evolved in response to Pleistocene climatic fluctuations.'

'We studied the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) and dark septate fungi (DSF) in two lycopods and 23 ferns species collected from the tropical montane cloud forest in central Veracruz, Mexico. This is the first report of the mycorrhizal status for 17 species. Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi were present in 11 species (44\xc2\xa0%) which characterized by arbuscules and in a further 11 species were found with only hyphae and vesicles. The abundance of AMF in the roots varied with the species, and ranged from 7\xc2\xa0% (Polypodium lepidotrichum) to 88\xc2\xa0% (Marattia sp.). Colonization of the roots was not observed in Asplenium praemorsum, A. miradorense and Pecluma dispersa. A Paris-type of AMF morphology was dominant, 72\xc2\xa0%, while 8\xc2\xa0% were found to be of the Arum-type and 8\xc2\xa0% of the intermediate-type. AMF colonization was accompanied by DSF in 10 species (40\xc2\xa0%). This is the first detailed report of AMF and DSE associations of ferns and lycopods from Mexico.'

'In the above-timberline zone of south-central Chile, stepped microtopography commonly develops on slopes of unstable volcanic ash deposits. Between the Nothofagus timberline and the high-altitude sparse fellfields, a scrubgrassland vegetation dominated by prostrate shrubs such as Empetrum rubrum and Pernettya spp. and tussock grasses such as Hierochloe utriculata and Cortaderia pilosa characteristically occurs on the stepped microtopography. Species interactions and species-microtopography interactions during the course of succession on the recent volcanic deposits were investigated by means of pattern analysis. Scales of pattern associated with individual plant morphology and interspecific interactions are present but, in general, the scales of pattern attributed to environmental variation are more evident. Cyclic changes occur in the scrub-grassland under the influence of periodic burial by the unstable ash substrate and the life cycles of the dominant prostrate shrubs. Such cyclic changes are part of a long-term linear successional trend following disturbance by catastrophic vulcanism. In contrast to the basic assumption of classic successional theory, in both the short-term and long-term the physical habitat in the above-timberline zone of south-central Chile is fundamentally unstable.'

'Data on macrofungal diversity and distribution patterns were compiled for major geographical regions of the world. Macrofungi are defined here to include ascomycetes and basidiomycetes with large, easily observed spore-bearing structures that form above or below ground. Each coauthor either provided data on a particular taxonomic group of macrofungi or information on the macrofungi of a specific geographic area. We then employed a meta-analysis to investigate species overlaps between areas, levels of endemism, centers of diversity, and estimated percent of species known for each taxonomic group for each geographic area and for the combined macrofungal data set. Thus, the study provides both a meta-analysis of current data and a gap assessment to help identify research needs. In all, 21,679 names of macrofungi were compiled. The percentage of unique names for each region ranged from 37% for temperate Asia to 72% for Australasia. Approximately 35,000 macrofungal species were estimated to be \xe2\x80\x9cunknown\xe2\x80\x9d by the contributing authors. This would give an estimated total of 56,679 macrofungi. Our compiled species list does not include data from most of S.E. Europe, Africa, western Asia, or tropical eastern Asia. Even so, combining our list of names with the estimates from contributing authors is in line with our calculated estimate of between 53,000 and 110,000 macrofungal species derived using plant/macrofungal species ratio data. The estimates developed in this study are consistent with a hypothesis of high overall fungal species diversity.'

'Three new non-ascosporic, ascomycetous yeast genera are proposed based on their isolation from currently described species and genera. Phylogenetic placement of the genera was determined from analysis of nuclear gene sequences for D1/D2 large subunit rRNA, small subunit rRNA, translation elongation factor-1\xce\xb1 and RNA polymerase II, subunits B1 and B2. The new taxa are: Deakozyma gen. nov., type species Deakozyma\nindianensis sp. nov. (type strain NRRL YB-1937, CBS 12903); Danielozyma gen. nov., type species Danielozyma\nontarioensis comb. nov. (type strain NRRL YB-1246, CBS 8502); D.\nlitseae comb. nov. (type strain NRRL YB-3246, CBS 8799); Middelhovenomyces gen. nov., type species Middelhovenomyces\ntepae comb. nov. (type strain NRRL Y-17670, CBS 5115) and M.\npetrohuensis comb. nov. (type strain NRRL Y-17663, CBS 8173).'

'Changes in wetland ecosystems may result from the interactions of endogenous processes with exogenous factors such as environmental fluctuations and anthropogenic influences. Since mid-2004, the R\xc3\xado Cruces wetland, a Ramsar site located in southern Chile (40\xc2\xb0S), exhibited a sudden increase in mortality and emigration of the largest breeding population of Black-necked swans in the Neotropics, a massive demise of the dominant macrophyte Egeria densa (the main food of swans and several aquatic birds), and a seasonal appearance of turbid waters. We compared annual variation in rainfall, river flow, and radiation over the period 2000\xe2\x80\x932005 to assess the role of environmental factors on these wetland changes. Those factors, with the exception of a decrease in river flow during 2004, did not show significant inter-annual differences. However, when comparing Landsat images, we found in the visible and near-infrared spectrum, a corresponding increase and decrease in water reflectance for 2005 with respect to 2003 and 2001, respectively. These results may reflect the appearance of turbid waters and the decrease in cover of E. densa. All temporal changes were restricted to the northern and central zones of the wetland. In addition, spatial analysis showed a gradient in turbidity across the wetland waters, which was enhanced by estuarine influence during spring-tides. Censuses of aquatic birds (1999\xe2\x80\x932005) showed that only herbivorous birds exhibited a pronounced decrease in population abundance after mid-2004, while piscivorous birds continued normal cycling, with even some positive trends in abundance during 2004\xe2\x80\x932005. Population declines in herbivorous birds may be related to the demise of E. densa and suspension of sediments during periods of reduced river flow (2004) that gave rise to the turbidity in the wetland waters. Environmental changes could be related to changes in water quality after a new pulp mill, built upstream of the wetland, initiated operations during February 2004.'

'BackgroundBehavior and activity patterns largely determine animal\xe2\x80\x99s fitness and their ecological roles. Those patterns depend on many factors, being body mass, sex and age the most relevant in mammals. Particularly, those factors altogether with environmental conditions could influence movement behavior of mammals that hibernate, such as the Monito del monte (Dromiciops gliroides).MethodsTo evaluate its movement behavior and activity we radio-tracked D. gliroides 12 individuals (8 females and 4 males, corresponding to 5 adults and 7 sub-adults) during the austral summer. With the estimated locations we estimated home ranges, core areas and their relationship with body mass. We also assessed movement speed during early (19:00 to 01:00\xe2\x80\x89h), peak (01:00 to 03:00\xe2\x80\x89h) and late (03:00 to 07:00\xe2\x80\x89h) activity periods. This study was conducted at the San Mart\xc3\xadn experimental forest (Valdivia, southern Chile).ResultsEstimated home range areas were 1.04\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.20\xe2\x80\x89ha, and core areas were 0.27\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.06\xe2\x80\x89ha; we found no significant differences between males and females, nor between adults and sub-adults. Home range and core areas were independent of body mass in females but showed positive relationships in males. Core area overlap was larger between sub-adult and adult individuals (35%) than between adult males and females (13%). Average movement D. gliroides speed was 1.45\xe2\x80\x89m/min, reaching its lowest value during the peak activity period (01:00 to 03:00\xe2\x80\x89h), but being faster during early and late activity periods. Those speed differences may be related to travelling and foraging activities.ConclusionHome range and core areas estimated here showed a large variability, which can be related to environmental factors. Home range size was positively correlated with body mass on males but not on females. Also, lower movement speeds at the peak activity period suggest that D. gliroides concentrates feeding activities at this time. As D. gliroides disperses the seeds of at least 16 native plant species, its movement behavior also has important consequences at the community level.'

'Guanaco populations face different feeding constraints along their altitudinal migrations in Andean mountains. The guanaco\xe2\x80\x99s diet and food availability were analyzed using microhistological analysis and point-quadrat transects at four sampling sites from the summer range, and four sites from the winter range of a High Andean migratory population. Significant differences were detected with Kruskal-Wallis ANOVA, feeding selection by the \xcf\x872 test, and dietary preferences by Bailey\xe2\x80\x99s confidence interval. Summer range was characterized by having higher plant diversity with more availability of grass-likes (Ciperaceae and Juncaceae) and forbs, compared to winter range. Sites with vegas (moist areas associated to streams and ponds, with dense hydrophytic vegetation) showed higher plant cover and diversity, also diet diversity was higher. Diet was dominated by grass-likes and grasses at sites with wetlands, only by grasses at the other sites, especially in winter. The highest diet-availability similarity occurred in the vega microhabitat, but species from slopes were also eaten at sites with wetlands. Grasses were preferred and shrubs were avoided in both seasonal ranges. The narrower guanaco\xe2\x80\x99s diet in winter, and the higher dietary diversity where plant cover and diversity are higher, both agree with the hypothesis of selective quality. A summer opportunistic feeding behavior shifts to a more selective behavior during winter. Winter browsing barely occurred, and grasses prevailed in the diet of both seasons. Altitudinal migration, forced by the deep snow, could favor guanacos to maintain a grazer strategy year round. Vegas and grasslands, in the summer and winter ranges, have a high feeding relevance for this guanaco population, and connectivity between both ranges is essential for their survival.'

'The Eastern\xc2\xa0Kingbird (Tyrannus tyrannus) is an American boreal migratory bird that arrives in the lowlands of the eastern slope of the Andes in South America during its non-breeding season. However, there are some historical migratory records of this species on the western slope of the Andes, but the information is poor and scattered. Here we present a comprehensive analysis of the migratory patterns of the Eastern Kingbird, giving more attention to the migratory route throughout the arid ecosystems in western Peru and Chile. We modeled monthly density heatmaps and evaluated the annual migratory movements of the bird in the southern hemisphere using the records available in the Global Biodiversity Information Facility repository. We found that the species frequents the arid ecosystems of western South America often than previously published. We recognized that the species follows the same pattern of migration in both the western and eastern humid areas South America; nevertheless, we identified that the species is present year-round in northern South America, mainly in Colombia, with some records during the breeding season (April\xe2\x80\x93August) in Peru and Chile. We strongly recommend the use of citizen science datasets to elucidate the migratory patterns of other boreal migratory bird species.'

'Correctly identifying and mapping the distribution patterns of passively dispersing freshwater organisms is an important task to understand the mechanisms through which these organisms move across the world and to counteract the introduction of invasive alien species in a timely way; moreover, in the light of the growing evidence of the pervasiveness of cryptic species and cryptic biological invasions among all animal groups, the use of molecular identification tools is strongly advisable. In this context, we present the first record of the freshwater jellyfish Craspedacusta sowerbii Lankester, 1880 in the Mediterranean island of Sicily, Italy. This invasive species, native to China, was found during a routine survey campaign aimed at assessing the freshwater species richness in the Sicilian region. Individuals were collected in November 2017 and identified to species level through the sequencing of fragments of both mitochondrial and nuclear genes, and their comparison to the sequences available on public databases. The analysis of molecular data proved that the Sicilian population belongs to C. sowerbii s.s., i.e. one of the two major Craspedacusta lineages which have been discovered to have invaded Europe and which were until recently erroneously jointly reported under the binomen Craspedacusta sowerbii. In order to get a clearer picture of the history and patterns of freshwater jellyfish invasion worldwide, the need for molecular identification of all the non-native Craspedacusta populations currently reported as C. sowerbii, and the opportunity of monitoring human-impacted ecosystems is stressed.'

'Many multi-regional studies investigating how available habitat area, energy availability, and historical refugia drive freshwater fish diversity have emphasized Northern Hemisphere and tropical areas. Furthermore, while many such studies have examined diversity drivers on basin-scale species richness (i.e., gamma diversity), they typically have not evaluated beta diversity or phylogenetic diversity nor included representative numbers of Southern Hemisphere basins unassociated with tropical rainforests. Here, we examine 784 basins and present the first comprehensive evaluation of the driving effects of gamma diversity and the patterns of beta and phylogenetic diversity across extra-tropical Southern Hemisphere (ETSH) freshwater fish communities. We find that ETSH gamma diversity does not show a strong historical legacy associated with glaciations, and is influenced more by factors related with habitat area and available energy. Additionally, ETSH regions show high beta and phylogenetic diversity and low levels of diadromy, except New Zealand, which shows narrow species diversity and cosmopolitan species dominance. Finally, phylogenetic diversity indicates how the endemism of the three ETSH Mediterranean-climate regions is characteristic of long-term isolation and persistence. These results demonstrate ETSH freshwater fish diversity to be distinct from both the tropics and their Northern Hemisphere latitudinal counterparts.'

'We investigated previously under explored cold aquatic environments of Andean Patagonia, Argentina. Oily sheens similar to an oil spill are frequently observed at the surface of water in creeks and small ponds in these places. Chemical analysis of a water sample revealed the occurrence of high concentrations of iron and the presence of a free insoluble indigoidine-derived pigment. A blue pigment-producing bacterium (strain EB) was isolated from the water sample and identified as Vogesella sp. by molecular analysis. The isolate was able to produce indigoidine and another derived-pigment (here called cryoindigoidine) with strong antifreeze properties. The production of the pigments depended on the cell growth at cold temperatures (below 15\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C), as well as on the attachment of cells to solid surfaces, and iron limitation in the media. The pigments produced by strain EB showed an inhibitory effect on the growth of diverse microorganisms such as Candida albicans, Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus. In addition, pigmented cells were more tolerant to freezing than non-pigmented cells, suggesting a role of cryoindigoidine/indigoidine as a cold-protectant molecule. The possible roles of the pigments in strain EB physiology and its interactions with the iron-rich environment from which the isolate was obtained are discussed. Results of this study suggested an active role of strain EB in the investigated iron-oxidizing ecosystem.'

'Four yeast strains were isolated from rotting wood samples collected from two sites in the Baotianman Nature Reserve and the Laojieling Nature Reserve in China. DNA sequence comparison and other taxonomic characteristics identified the strains as a single novel species of the genus Metschnikowia. The name Metschnikowia henanensis sp. nov. is proposed to accommodate these highly divergent organisms with the type strain BY-97T (= CICC 1982T\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa0CBS 12677T). The novel species produced chlamydospores, but it did not exhibit ascospore formation in sporulation media for 4\xc2\xa0weeks. Molecular phylogeny from the D1/D2 domains of the large subunit (LSU) rRNA gene sequences placed this new species in a basal position to the Metschnikowia viticola/Candida kofuensis/Metschnikowia noctiluminum subclade, and an undescribed Candida species namely strains IMB-EMP4 and IMB-EMP5 was a close sister to M. henanensis.'

Abstract not available

