Title: 'Original Research ArticleUsing non-invasively collected genetic data to estimate density and population size of tigers in the Bangladesh Sundarbans'
Author: 'M. Abdul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417301130
Abstract: 'AbstractPopulation density is a key parameter to monitor endangered carnivores in the wild. The photographic capture-recapture method has been widely used for decades to monitor tigers, Panthera tigris, however the application of this method in the Sundarbans tiger landscape is challenging due to logistical difficulties. Therefore, we carried out molecular analyses of DNA contained in non-invasively collected genetic samples to assess the tiger population in the Bangladesh Sundarbans within a spatially explicit capture-recapture (SECR) framework. By surveying four representative sample areas totalling 1994\xc2\xa0km2 of the Bangladesh Sundarbans, we collected 440 suspected tiger scat and hair samples. Genetic screening of these samples provided 233 authenticated tiger samples, which we attempted to amplify at 10 highly polymorphic microsatellite loci. Of these, 105 samples were successfully amplified, representing 45 unique genotype profiles. The capture-recapture analyses of these unique genotypes within the SECR model provided a density estimate of 2.85\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa0SE 0.44 tigers/100\xc2\xa0km2 (95% CI: 1.99\xe2\x80\x933.71 tigers/100\xc2\xa0km2) for the area sampled, and an estimate of 121 tigers (95% CI: 84\xe2\x80\x93158 tigers) for the total area of the Bangladesh Sundarbans. We demonstrate that this non-invasive genetic surveillance can be an additional approach for monitoring tiger populations in a landscape where camera-trapping is challenging.'

Title: 'Review ArticleConservation status of some endangered mammals in Barak Valley, Northeast India'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X18300542
Abstract: 'AbstractFrom the ancient time, the Northeast part of India is rich in biodiversity because of its diverse topographic, climatic features. Different varieties of mammalian, avian, and herpetofauna are endemic to this region. Unfortunately, life of this diverse flora and fauna is in jeopardy due to serious anthropogenic pressure. Once a large number of globally important species sustained in the Barak Valley. However, with the increasing population and subsequent demand on natural resources and developing activities, many of the species are no more found in the valley. If the conservation action is not initiated, the remaining species will also vanish with time. This article highlights the distribution and conservation problems of four endangered species in the Barak Valley of Assam, India and recommended conservation tactics.'

Title: 'Modeling tiger population and territory dynamics using an agent-based approach'
Author: 'Neil'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304380015002574
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We integrated territoriality into an agent-based model of tiger population dynamics.\xe2\x80\xa2The model was based on theories about resource use and conspecific interactions.\xe2\x80\xa2Model outputs closely matched real patterns observed in Nepal's Chitwan National Park.\xe2\x80\xa2The model can be a very useful tool for wildlife researchers and conservation planners.AbstractEffective conservation planning of globally endangered tigers (Panthera tigris) requires a good understanding of their population dynamics. Territoriality, an essential characteristic of many wildlife species, plays a crucial role in the population dynamics of tigers. However, previous models of tiger population dynamics have not adequately incorporated territoriality. We therefore developed and implemented a spatially explicit agent-based model of tiger population dynamics shaped by different territorial behaviors of males and females. To allow for predictions to new conditions, for which no data exist, territories are not imposed but emerge from the tigers\xe2\x80\x99 perception of habitat quality and from their interactions with each other. Tiger population dynamics is deduced from merging territory dynamics with observed demographic rates. We apply the model to Nepal's Chitwan National Park, part of a global biodiversity hotspot and home to a large (\xe2\x88\xbc125) population of tigers. Our model matched closely with observed patterns of the real tiger population in the park, including reproduction, mortality, dispersal, resource selection, male and female land tenure, territory size and spatial distribution, and tiger population size and age structure. The ultimate purpose of the model, which will be presented in follow-up work, is to explore human-tiger interactions and assess threats to tiger populations across contexts and scales. The model can thus be used to better inform decision makers on how to conserve tigers under uncertain and changing future conditions."

Title: 'The Semang Kensiu Orang Asli of Lubuk Legong, Baling: Their Language and Cultural Endangerment\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Alias Abd'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877042815055172
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper reports on a study on endangered indigenous Semang group of Orang Asli of Peninsular Malaysia, with the main focus on the Semang Kensiu sub-group of Orang Asli of Lubok Legong, Baling. It presents findings of the study on language choice based on 225 word lists conducted on the Semang Kensiu Orang Asli community in the northern state of Kedah, Malaysia. The Semang are the smallest group of Orang Asli sub groups in Peninsular Malaysia, and are classified under the Northern Aslian group (Benjamin, 2012). Their language belongs to Mon-Khmer language. They comprise only 3.2% of the Orang Asli population (JHEOA (1994)). JHEOA, 2008 statistics show that the total population has decreased to 2.6%. Some Orang Asli groups have suffered physical, cultural and language extinction over the last century. Wazir Jahan Karim (2001) notes that some groups of Orang Asli have experienced a demographic crisis, disappearing while others disperse into smaller groups and eventually assimilate with Malay or other Orang Asli communities. She expresses concern about the future of Semang languages due to this discouraging pattern of population growth. Burenhault (2001) also reported the threatened status of the Semang language. This is further supported by the findings of the study conducted by Fazrul Azmin Zakaria (2010) which state that the Semang Kensiu's language is at 2.25 on the scale of the UNESCO's Level of Endangerment suggesting that the Semang Kensiu's language is considered to be \xe2\x80\x98severely endangered\xe2\x80\x99 language under the UNESCO classification (2007)."

Title: 'Original Research ArticleObservations of illegal wildlife trade in Boten, a Chinese border town within a Specific Economic Zone in northern Lao PDR'
Author: 'Kanitha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418300052
Abstract: "AbstractThis study reports on the illegal wildlife trade in the town of Boten, a Specific Economic Zone in the Luang Namtha Province of Lao PDR, located 1\xe2\x80\xafkm from the Chinese border. A one-day survey was conducted in April 2016, involving a combination of direct observations of open trade and informal discussions with traders. This was matched against a rapid evaluation of the country's primary wildlife law that was effective at the time of the survey, to assess wildlife trade against regulatory controls. We recorded approximately 980 individual items comprising live animals, their parts and products from at least 13 species of mammals and two species of reptiles in seven outlets. Trade in wildlife for medicinal use was dominant, particularly involving bears. Bear-based products and bear parts made up 43% (or 425 individual items) of all products observed. We also observed at least 40 live bears in a bear facility. Other wildlife parts and products recorded included approximately 200 pangolin scales, 74 pieces of elephant skin and seven bottles of tiger Panthera tigris wine. Almost all trade recorded was deemed to be against national law, illustrating lax, or no law enforcement. Although only based on a one-day survey, findings confirm the important and active role Boten plays in the illegal wildlife trade, where an inherent link with China was apparent. All businesses were operated by Chinese nationals, revealed from discussions with the traders. Lao PDR's Economic Zones are known to cater to largely Chinese markets, including for the illegal sale of wildlife. Findings call for the need for much improved regulation and law enforcement, including within the Economic Zones, in adherence to national laws and in compliant obligations under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES)."

Title: 'Roles for the Canidae in food webs reviewed: Where do they fit?'
Author: 'Peter J.S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352249616300118
Abstract: 'AbstractThe roles of the 37 species in the family Canidae (the dog family), are of great current interest. The Gray Wolf is the largest canid and their roles in food webs are much researched, as are those of Domestic Dogs, Coyotes and Red Foxes. Much less is known about the other canid species and their ecological roles.Here we describe general food web theory and the potential application of network theory to it; summarise the possible roles of predators in food webs; document the occurrence, diet and presumed functions that canids play in food webs throughout the world; give case studies of four threatened canid species of top, middle and basal trophic positions and six anthropogenically affected species; and identify knowledge limitations and propose research frameworks necessary to establish the roles of canids in food webs.Canids can be top-down drivers of systems or responsive to the availability of resources including suitable prey. They can be affected anthropogenically by habitat change, lethal control and changes to basic resource availability. They can be sustainable yield harvesters of their indigenous prey or passengers in complex ecosystems, and some are prey of larger canids and of other predators. Nevertheless, the roles of most canids are generally poorly studied and described, and some, e.g. Gray Wolves, Coyotes and Australian dingoes, are controversial. We advocate mensurative and experimental research into communities and ecosystems containing canids for a quantitative understanding of their roles in food webs and consequent development of better management strategies for ecosystems.Graphical abstractA continental schematic showing relative trophic positions (top, middle, bottom) of the 37 species of the family Canidae. Numbers are canid species in alphabetical order from the text and their IUCN status is shown by coloured shading, with white being of \xe2\x80\x9cleast concern\xe2\x80\x9d and darkest being \xe2\x80\x9ccritically endangered\xe2\x80\x9d (after Woodroffe and Sillero-Zubiri, 2012). Non-canid predators, including humans, are excluded for simplicity and some species, e.g. 5, 6, 36 and 37, occupy two or three trophic positions. The green & brown arrows at left (Interaction vector) represent the non-scalar, strength and directions of network interactions between canids at the three trophic levels, which are presently unquantified (?).Download high-res image (255KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Review articleBiodiversity research trends and gap analysis from a transboundary landscape, Eastern Himalayas'
Author: 'Pratikshya'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X15001028
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Kangchenjunga landscape, a transboundary complex shared by Bhutan, India, and Nepal, is one of the biologically richest regions in the Eastern Himalayas. Owing to the remarkable biodiversity, the three countries came together to enhance regional cooperation in conservation and development in 2012. To start a strategic conservation intervention, the status of our knowledge base on biodiversity of the landscape is the most important stepping stone. In this paper, we traced the history of biodiversity research in the Kangchenjunga landscape, and present the research trends over time and subject interests. Meanwhile, we also identified key research and knowledge gaps and future priorities. For this, we analyzed 500 peer-reviewed journal articles (until 2014) relating to biodiversity, which were retrieved from the web platform \xe2\x80\x98Google Scholar\xe2\x80\x99 and other peer-reviewed journals. The review showed that the landscape received attention from the scientific community as early as the 1840s, and grew progressively after the 1980s. Research on fauna (especially mammals) and flora (especially angiosperms) is most notable, but with major gaps in systematic research of their ecology, whereas invertebrates other than butterflies appear to be neglected. There is a need for systematic research with long-term monitoring that would allow us to understand changes occurring within the landscape.'

Title: 'Original research articleConserving wildlife wealth of Patharia Hills Reserve Forest, Assam, India: A critical analysis'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416301664
Abstract: 'AbstractWildlife plays an important role in maintaining the balance of various natural processes of the earth. It contributes to food security, economical growth, pollination, seed dispersal for forest regeneration. The present study was carried out at Patharia Hills Reserve Forest (RF) of southern Assam (India) with the aim to study the wildlife distribution, species trend over time and various threats to them. Semi-structure interview and secondary literature were used during the study; 83 species of mammals were found to inhabit RF. Unfortunately, the wildlife of the RF are facing numerous threats, largely due to clearing of forest, encroachment, collection of timber and non-timber forest products, habitat loss and fragmentation. People are of the opinion that the RF is their common property which they can exploit as their wish. The study revealed the wildlife distribution and the various threats, which is the basic challenge for the conservation. Multi-action approaches for the benefit of villagers as well as wildlife are suggested. Elevating the status of the RF may be a vital solution to protect the RF in a better way.'

Title: 'FeatureFelids fighting for survival'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982212012547
Abstract: 'SummaryCat-like carnivores conquered the globe and became top predators on five continents. Today, however, most of the 37 surviving species are threatened, including the iconic species of large, roaring cats. Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'FeatureCan zoos offer more than entertainment?'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982215005382
Abstract: 'SummaryZoos and aquariums are facing criticism due to a heightened awareness of animal welfare issues, but also see their importance for conservation work expanding. Can they adapt to a new role focused on conservation and education rather than just entertainment? Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Fisheries resources of Bangladesh: Present status and future direction'
Author: 'Md. Mostafa'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468550X16300260
Abstract: "AbstractBangladesh is considered one of the most suitable regions for fisheries in the world, with the world's largest flooded wetland and the third largest aquatic biodiversity in Asia after China and India. This paper reviews the performance of fisheries in Bangladesh using data collected from the Bangladesh Department of Fisheries, and related un-published grey literatures. The findings within describe recent growth within Bangladeshi inland fisheries, primarily in the inland aquaculture sector (2014\xe2\x80\x932015). This increase in the aquaculture production has been made possible with the implementation of scientific and technological modernization. From 2000 and 2016, aquaculture production increased from 712,640 and 2,060,408 metric t, a much larger quantity than wild capture production (1.023 million t) in 2016. There has also been a recent increase in the value of fishery exports, with more than US $34.08 billion in 2010 rising to more than US $46.60 billion in 2015. However, fisheries production is well below production targets despite the large gains seen in the aquaculture sector."

Title: 'The diversity and impact of hookworm infections in wildlife'
Author: 'Mauricio'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2213224417300081
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2At least 68 hookworm species have been described in 111 species of wild mammals.\xe2\x80\xa2Wildlife are permanent hosts of important hookworms of humans and domestic animals.\xe2\x80\xa2Hookworms cause anemia, retarded growth and mortality in canids, felids and otariids.\xe2\x80\xa2Hookworm biomass is a key driver of pathogenic effects in a host population.AbstractHookworms are blood-feeding nematodes that parasitize the alimentary system of mammals. Despite their high pathogenic potential, little is known about their diversity and impact in wildlife populations. We conducted a systematic review of the literature on hookworm infections of wildlife and analyzed 218 studies qualitative and quantitatively. At least 68 hookworm species have been described in 9 orders, 24 families, and 111 species of wild mammals. Black bears, red foxes, and bobcats harbored the highest diversity of hookworm species and Ancylostoma pluridentatum, A.\xc2\xa0tubaeforme, Uncinaria stenocephala and Necator americanus were the hookworm species with the highest host diversity index. Hookworm infections cause anemia, retarded growth, tissue damage, inflammation and significant mortality in several wildlife species. Anemia has been documented more commonly in canids, felids and otariids, and retarded growth only in otariids. Population- level mortality has been documented through controlled studies only in canines and eared seals although sporadic mortality has been noticed in felines, bears and elephants. The main driver of hookworm pathogenic effects was the hookworm biomass in a population, measured as prevalence, mean burden and hookworm size (length). Many studies recorded significant differences in prevalence and mean intensity among regions related to contrasts in local humidity, temperature, and host population density. These findings, plus the ability of hookworms to perpetuate in different host species, create a dynamic scenario where changes in climate and the domestic animal-human-wildlife interface will potentially affect the dynamics and consequences of hookworm infections in wildlife.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (236KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Original research articleAssessing patterns of human\xe2\x80\x93Asiatic black bear interaction in and around Wangchuck Centennial National Park, Bhutan'
Author: 'Yonten'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416300786
Abstract: 'AbstractBhutan has 2 of the 8 species of bears recorded in the world: Asiatic black bear and Sloth bear. Asiatic black bear is listed in Appendix I of the CITES and categorized as vulnerable in IUCN Red List. Asiatic black bear is increasingly becoming nuisance to people by attacking crops, livestock and even humans, threatening its own existence as a result of retaliation. With the need to understand the interactions between the communities living within the Wangchuck Centennial National Park (WCNP) and the Asiatic black bears, 620 households in and around WCNP were interviewed in 2010. Between 1960 and 2010, Asiatic black bears mauled 40 people in and around WCNP and four district hospitals within which WCNP operates recorded 19 cases of humans mauled by bear from 2013 to 2015. Majority (45% and 43% of respondents) reported the crop and livestock depredation during summer and autumn season respectively and 75% of the respondents reported sighting bear in 2010. About 52% of respondents believed that killing of bears could reduce the conflict, which may be a potential threat to the bear, though stringent conservation rules of the country restricts killing it. Community outreach programs like creating awareness on importance of bear and its habitat conservation may be pursued to help reduce the conflict. Integrated conservation measures such as providing electric fences may be initiated to help garner support for conservation. This may ensure the survival of Asiatic black bear, and also reduce the significant economic losses to inhabitants in and around WCNP.'

Title: 'Natural and traditional defense mechanisms to reduce climate risks in coastal zones of Bangladesh'
Author: 'Mohammed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221209471500002X
Abstract: 'AbstractSubstantially resourceful and densely populated coastal zones of Bangladesh experience numerous extreme events linked to hydro-meteorological processes viz. cyclones, tidal surges, floods, salinity intrusion and erosion etc. These hazards give rise to extensive damage to property and loss of lives every year. Further, anthropogenic activities in the coastal zones are accentuating environmental degradation causing widespread suffering. Cyclones and tornadoes in particular damage infrastructures and crops every year affecting the economy of the country negatively. Some naturally adapted plants as well as landscapes usually reduce the speed of cyclones and tornadoes and thus, protect the coastal zones. However, human activities have destroyed many of the forests and landscapes. Sundarbans and Chokoria Sundarbans mangrove forests of Bangladesh are under a great threat of extinction due to illicit logging and agricultural expansion. At least 34 plant species of tropical forest are on the verge of extinction. Many animals e.g., cats, bears, porcupines, wild boars, pythons and anteaters are in the process of being wiped out from the coastal areas. Among the marine and coastal species, Red crabs, jelly-fish, sharks, and dolphins are also rare but these were the major species prior to 1980s. This study revealed that during the recent decades there has been massive plantations and construction of embankment and polderization but these and other measures have been found to be impractical and ineffective in reducing disasters in coastal areas. There is a need for integration of traditional coping practices and wisdoms with modern approaches. Available knowledge on some of these traditional practices has been documented for establishing a sustainable policy for management of coastal zones of Bangladesh. By combining traditional and scientific management of coastal ecosystem with mangroves and other plants following triple-tier mechanism and habitat, it is possible to reduce the effects of natural and climate change-induced disasters. Under such a management system, the entire coastal zone can be made more productive and sustainable.'

Title: 'Original research articlePangolin trade in the Mong La wildlife market and the role of Myanmar in the smuggling of pangolins into China'
Author: 'Vincent'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989415300342
Abstract: 'AbstractWe report on the illegal trade in live pangolins, their meat, and their scales in the Special Development Zone of Mong La, Shan State, Myanmar, on the border with China, and present an analysis of the role of Myanmar in the trade of pangolins into China. Mong La caters exclusively for the Chinese market and is best described as a Chinese enclave in Myanmar. We surveyed the morning market, wildlife trophy shops and wild meat restaurants during four visits in 2006, 2009, 2013\xe2\x80\x932014, and 2015. We observed 42 bags of scales, 32 whole skins, 16 foetuses or pangolin parts in wine, and 27 whole pangolins for sale. Our observations suggest Mong La has emerged as a significant hub of the pangolin trade. The origin of the pangolins is unclear but it seems to comprise a mixture of pangolins from Myanmar and neighbouring countries, and potentially African countries. Myanmar, on the basis of its geographic position, size and weak government, has emerged as an important transit country for the smuggling of pangolins to China. Data from 29 seizures from Myanmar and 23 from neighbouring countries (Thailand, India, China) implicating Myanmar as a source of pangolins or as a transit point for pangolins sourced in other countries, in the period 2010\xe2\x80\x932014, illustrate the magnitude of this trade. Combined these seizures amount to 4339 kg of scales and 518 whole pangolins, with a retail value in Myanmar of US$3.09 million. Trade in pangolins, their parts of their derivatives is illegal in Myanmar and CITES II listing with a zero-quota preclude international trade in them. We urge the Myanmar government to liaise with regional authorities to curb the trade in pangolins and recommend that the Myanmar and Chinese CITES authorities in particular come together urgently as to resolve the illicit trade of pangolins and their parts across their borders.'

Title: 'Research paperWillingness to pay for mitigating human-elephant conflict by residents of Nepal'
Author: 'Dinesh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1617138117300638
Abstract: 'AbstractHuman-elephant Conflict (HEC) is a significant problem in Nepal, with approximately two-thirds of households being impacted by elephants (Elephas maximus), particularly during the winter. In addition to elephant casualties, more than 10% of the households surveyed have had human casualties (injury or death) during the past 5 years. This study evaluates the economic viability of elephant conservation in Nepal within the context of current and proposed HEC mitigation scenarios. Face-to-face interviews were carried out using a structured questionnaire to elicit the residents\xe2\x80\x99 willingness to pay (WTP) for elephant conservation and HEC mitigation programs using seemingly unrelated regression (SUR). Residents\xe2\x80\x99 WTP was found to be positively related to income and education, and negatively related to damage-related programs. Local stakeholders were willing to pay about 42% more to programs that were economically transparent and improved upon existing management. Residents\xe2\x80\x99 WTP were also greater if they have had previous HEC-related injuries or deaths.'

Title: 'Original Article/ResearchEcological integrity and environmental protection for Vijayawada region \xe2\x80\x93 Scattered Eastern Ghats'
Author: 'Srikonda'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212609015000102
Abstract: 'AbstractThe ecological integrity is widely discussed as a new concept by several ecologists and environmentalists. A consensus in this regard is yet to be derived for its definition. Human intervention for its developmental activities results in several environmental changes that enhance some species, ecosystem and ecological processes while at the same time brings irrecoverable damage to the Planet Earth. It is essential and crucial to focus research and scientific analysis and establish awareness and education to provide a means of distinguishing responses between improvements in quality of ecosystem and those of damages. The focus of this paper is to emphasize the organized urban planning at a macro level and the architectural design interventions at the micro level in Vijayawada where eco \xe2\x80\x93 sensitivity exists with due consideration to ecological integrity and environmental protection. The ecological dynamics of continuity indicated that hillocks of Vijayawada region are a part of Eastern Ghats. The study is to elaborate that the landscape, eco-patches and its connectivity establishes a unique corridor to strengthen ecological system and as a green corridor to Vijayawada city to fulfill the demands of the city and also to create the ecological patch connectivity to scattered Eastern Ghats especially in the Krishna-Guntur region which connects the Nallamala hills through Kondapalli hill toward Sothern side and to the Papikondalu at the northern side of Eastern Ghats. These corridors may even support environmental conservation and provides rural edge in urban context and functions as lung spaces to ease the heat island effect of urban settlement. So the explicit development controls have been derived to guide and organize at micro level so as to achieve the macro level considerations of ecological integrity.'

