Title: 'A Survey on Swarm Robotic Modeling, Analysis and Hardware Architecture'
Author: 'Seeja'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310056
Abstract: 'AbstractThe present paper studies, the progress in the research of nature inspired swarm robotics. Swarm robotics is a robotic technology inspired from the nature (natural swarms). In this, an artificial intelligence aided coordination approach is used for the self-organization and decentralization of multiple robots. Being a promising centralized approach with fault tolerance, redundancy and scalability potentials, they can even work when it is technically infeasible to set up the infrastructure required to control the robots in a centralized way. But the design of individual robot level practice to achieve a desired collective behavior is really difficult as it is hard to predict the simultaneous interactions between large numbers of individual robots. In order to explore the possibilities to make a better progress in this technology, the existing modeling, analysis methods and the challenges has to be studied first. Followed by this, a study on swarm communication and the hardware units including sensors and actuators was done. Further the existing swarm platforms are compared based on hardware detailing, advantages and limitations. This comparative study can pay way to a better design of a multi-robot system for the applications like rescue operation, surveillance, oil spills, military applications etc.'

Title: 'Efficient Strategy for Collective Navigation Control in Swarm Robotics\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Luneque Silva'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916308468
Abstract: "AbstractIn swarm robotics, it is necessary to develop methods and strategies that guide the collective execution of tasks by the robots. The design of such tasks can be done considering it as a collection of simpler behaviors, called subtasks. In this paper, the Wave Swarm is presented as a general strategy to manage the sequence of subtasks that compose the collective navigation, which is an important task in swarm robotics. The proposed strategy is based mainly on the execution of wave algorithms. The swarm is viewed as a distributed system, wherein the communication is achieved by message passing among robot's neighborhood. Message propagation delimits the start and end of each subtask. Simulations are performed to demonstrate that controlled navigation of robot swarms/clusters is achieved with three subtasks, which are recruitment, alignment and movement."

Title: 'Research Advance in Swarm Robotics'
Author: 'Ying'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221491471300024X
Abstract: 'AbstractThe research progress of swarm robotics is reviewed in details. The swarm robotics inspired from nature is a combination of swarm intelligence and robotics, which shows a great potential in several aspects. First of all, the cooperation of nature swarm and swarm intelligence are briefly introduced, and the special features of the swarm robotics are summarized compared to a single robot and other multi-individual systems. Then the modeling methods for swarm robotics are described, followed by a list of several widely used swarm robotics entity projects and simulation platforms. Finally, as a main part of this paper, the current research on the swarm robotic algorithms are presented in detail, including cooperative control mechanisms in swarm robotics for flocking, navigating and searching applications.'

Title: 'A Robust Path Planning For Mobile Robot Using Smart Particle Swarm Optimization'
Author: 'Harshal S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309815
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a new approach is presented for getting a solution of the mobile robot path planning problem based on Adaptive Particle Swarm Optimization (APSO). The proposed APSO algorithm is smarter than conventional PSO and widely used for solving the real time problems. In this work an objective function is framed considering the distance between robot to goal and obstacle respectively. The objective function is optimized with of APSO for solving the path planning process of robot. The different simulated experiments are performed to test the ability of the proposed algorithm. The performance of the robot path planning using APSO is compared to the performance of the conventional PSO in terms path length and time in static environments. It is focused that using new approach the robot can successfully avoid obstacle and reach the target with shorter time than conventional PSO.'

Title: 'PSO-based Distributed Algorithm for Dynamic Task Allocation in a Robotic Swarm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Nadia'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915010583
Abstract: 'AbstractDynamic task allocation in a robotic swarm is a necessary process for proper management of the swarm. It allows the distribution of the identified tasks to be performed, among the swarm of robots, in such a way that a pre-defined proportion of execution of those tasks is achieved. In this context, there is no central unit to take care of the task allocation. So any algorithm proposal must be distributed, allowing every, and each robot in the swarm to identify the task it must perform. This paper proposes a distributed control algorithm to implement dynamic task allocation in a swarm robotics environment. The algorithm is inspired by the particle swarm optimization. In this context, each robot that integrates the swarm must run the algorithm periodically in order to control the underlying actions and decisions. The algorithm was implemented on ELISA III real swarm robots and extensively tested. The algorithm is effective and the corresponding performance is promising.'

Title: 'Development of Affordable and Powerful Swarm Mobile Robot Based on Smartphone Android and IOIO board'
Author: 'Alexander A S'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917321051
Abstract: 'AbstractNowadays, an approach for coordinating large numbers of autonomous robots, which is called as swarm robots, has becoming an important issue in robotics research. In swarm robot systems, each robot must cooperate with other robots in order to perform a given task. The main obstacle in swarm robot research is the cost of making robots. Building one robot with limited capabilities commonly has to spend substantial amount of money and certainly making robots for intelligent systems research need much more investment. In this paper, we would like to present the development of affordable mobile robot, but also having powerful capabilities and intelligence. The mobile robot is specifically designed and made to be used as a stand-alone or in swarm robot systems. It is essential that the mobile robot has learning ability to adapt the dynamic environments. Furthermore, for swarm robot systems, each mobile robot must be able to communicate with other robots in order to coordinate each other. In our research, we used differential drive model for mobile robot locomotion and then apply the model through Android smartphone based controller. The mobile robot was constructed by using two actuators on the right and left side, and one castor wheel which has no steering system and can move freely. The differences velocity between left and right actuators determines the direction and final position of the mobile robot. The angular velocity of two main actuators is set by Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) parameter in IOIO board microcontroller. In our experiment, we showed that the capability of our robot in performing several movement tasks. We are sure that Android based robotic platforms are ideal candidates for affordable robotics for swarm robot system research.'

Title: 'Asynchronous Particle Swarm Optimization for Swarm Robotics'
Author: 'Nor Azlina Ab'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812026689
Abstract: "AbstractIn the original particle swarm optimization algorithm, particles\xe2\x80\x99 update is done synchronously. The whole swarm fitness is evaluated first before particle update process is conducted. Whereas in asynchronous update a particle is able to update its velocity and position after its fitness is evaluated. This caused the particle's search to be conducted with imperfect information. However, asynchronous update is useful in field such as swarm robotics search problem, where the robots can move continuously based on the available information without waiting for the whole swarm. Hence this paper looks into the differences between synchronous and asynchronous PSO and its application in swarm robotics search."

Title: 'Using simplified swarm optimization on path planning for intelligent mobile robot'
Author: 'Yoney Kirsal'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917324237
Abstract: 'AbstractThis study examined how path planning of intelligent mobile robot could be enhanced by utilizing simplified swarm optimization (SSO) in working environment with irregular obstacles. The conceptual framework of this study was driven from an inspiration of communal behavior of birds flocking and fish schooling. This conceptual framework was supported by swarm intelligence, which is one of the famous research areas in the field of computational swarm intelligence such as particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. Significant observations have been made that mobile robots are significantly affected by path planning problems, and solutions are established how to tackle these problems and numerous weaknesses. Therefore, this study proposes an effective solution which can yield a high quality and efficient mobile robots. The SSO technique was adapted in order to provide an effective solution to the discussed weaknesses. The designed simulation algorithm results showed that SSO does not have assemble in the closed work interface where no path between the initial and the destination points. Obtained results show that when the particle\xe2\x80\x99s path gets into an obstacle area, it is automatically repositioned to an obstacle free area. Autonomy and energy efficiency within the particles are also discussed.'

Title: 'Bflybots: A Novel Robotic-Swarm in Pursuit of Dynamic Signal Sources'
Author: 'Madhusudhana Rao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310287
Abstract: 'AbstractNature is a resource for various species which follows variant strategies in their life cycle to survive on the earth. In those, Butterfly is one of the prominent one, which follows different communication strategies for selecting its mate, which leads to design a metaphor Butterfly Mating Optimization (BMO). The Bflybot design, which accomplish the BMO efficacy in hardware architecture. This paper addresses the adaption of Bflybot swarm for dynamic environment and experiments were conducted on various cases for movement of the signal source in both manoeuvring and non manoeuvring scenarios. It also presents various results of single and multi signal sources, moving linearly in between two fixed points, in circular, up and down movements.'

Title: 'A novel autonomous self-assembly distributed swarm flying robot'
Author: 'Hongxing'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936113000563
Abstract: 'AbstractSwarm intelligence embodied by many species such as ants and bees has inspired scholars in swarm robotic researches. This paper presents a novel autonomous self-assembly distributed swarm flying robot-DSFR, which can drive on the ground, autonomously accomplish self-assembly and then fly in the air coordinately. Mechanical and electrical designs of a DSFR module, as well as the kinematics and dynamics analysis, are specifically investigated. Meanwhile, this paper brings forward a generalized adjacency matrix to describe configurations of DSFR structures. Also, the distributed flight control model is established for vertical taking-off and horizontal hovering, which can be applied to control of DSFR systems with arbitrary configurations. Finally, some experiments are carried out to testify and validate the DSFR design, the autonomous self-assembly strategy and the distributed flight control laws.'

Title: 'Generalized Model of Cyclic Dispatching Discipline in Mobile Robots Based on Swarm Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Eugene'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917300200
Abstract: 'AbstractThe problem of dispatching discipline choice when managing programs are linked into unified multi-loop computer control system is considered. It is shown that a problem of control of such a system may be reduced to the problem of evaluation of states both robot and controller. In multi-circuit computer control systems time intervals of residence of robot in any state depends on both time complexity of control algorithm and dispatching discipline. Two simplest disciplines of most common use are investigated: the cyclic dispatching and foreground (quasi-stochastic) one. With use the formalism of semi-Markov process models of functioning of control programs under investigated dispatching disciplines are worked out. Mathematical relationships for time of return to any state of semi-Markov process and time between switches are obtained. The parameters obtained are essential for choice the efficient regimes of data processing when control of robots.'

Title: 'Inference algorithm for teams of robots using local interaction'
Author: 'Vitaly'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918300784
Abstract: 'AbstractOne of the possible approaches to the technical implementation of logical inference in robot groups is considered in paper. The problem is that the usual implementations of the inference mechanism, for example, which are used in expert systems, are difficult to implement to robots that work in a team. It is due to the fragmented knowledge of each robot about the environment where they perform the tasks assigned, the need to exchange data during the inference and monitor this process, etc. In addition, the presence of an inference subsystem may be necessary for emergence of emergent properties in a group of robots. The output subsystem can be used to solve a variety of tasks, for example, choosing the most preferred strategy for the whole collective, building a general picture of the world, planning, etc. In this regard, the paper presents some mechanisms that allow the inference in the logic of predicates of the first order for a team of robots whose interaction with each other is exclusively local in nature. The inference procedure is carried out in the team of robots, which form a special structure, called a static swarm.'

Title: 'Optimal task positioning in multi-robot cells, using nested meta-heuristic swarm algorithms'
Author: 'G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118301859
Abstract: 'AbstractProcess planning of multi-robot cells is usually a manual and time consuming activity, based on trials-and-errors. A co-manipulation problem is analysed, where one robot handles the work-piece and one robot performs a task on it and a method to find the optimal pose of the work-piece is proposed. The method, based on a combination of Whale Optimization Algorithm and Ant Colony Optimization algorithm, minimize a performance index while taking into account technological and kinematics constraints. The index evaluates process accuracy considering transmission elasticity, backslashes and distance from joint limits. Numerical simulations demonstrate the method robustness and convergence.'

Title: 'Predicting the Behavior of Robotic Swarms in Search and Tag Tasks\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Joseph P.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913010429
Abstract: 'AbstractWe are developing an approach for predicting emergent swarm behavior. The swarms consist of agents tasked with tagging targets in simple grid worlds. These swarms are interesting because of their emergent behavior. The path length distributions capture the local probabilistic information. We use networks of simple probabilistic graphs of this local information to model the collective behavior. These networks of local models predict the proportion of agents in each region at a given step. This allows us to predict the effectiveness of tagging in a large grid world given choices of local action by individual agents. We explain the approach, its limitations, and future directions of research.'

Title: 'Mission-based Architecture for Swarm Composability (MASC)'
Author: 'Kathleen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917317994
Abstract: 'AbstractUnmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) swarm design and mission application is a burgeoning area of research. The applications of swarm technology to unmanned systems are in the infancy of realization, although clear benefits from the enhanced capabilities can be easily envisioned for commercial and government missions including persistent search, long-term monitoring, sensor data collection, object retrieval, and offensive attack missions. Designing a UAV swarm architecture without considering the mission doctrine is imprudent, as is developing a mission doctrine without understanding the unique capabilities of swarm technology. This paper provides a literature review of current UAV swarm design architectures, most of which employ bottom-up methods with little consideration for an intended operational mission. The proposed top-down framework and modeling approach is focused on developing a modular UAV swarm playbook-type architecture by decomposing a subset of US Navy missions, and developing tactics that can be applied to those missions and support future missions. The framework proposed herein is derived from a consolidation of heuristics from the model-based systems engineering, robotics, human systems integration, biology, and computer science disciplines. The goal of this framework is to provide a standard methodology for designing and operating swarm unmanned systems that will meet the performance requirements for military missions. In this paper, an integrated framework for designing a UAV swarm system with swarm mission doctrine as a primary design factor is presented.'

Title: 'Full Length ArticleInverse kinematics application on medical robot using adapted PSO method'
Author: 'Idris'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098618307110
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this study, an adapted Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm is proposed for the inverse kinematic solution of the robot that is designed for reduction in fracture treatment with external fixator and it is applied to this robot, which has six degrees of freedom. In the classic PSO algorithm, all of the particles are directed to the searched target. Until the specified criterion is reached, all particles have a value for each step from the beginning until the reached point and these values are updated taking into account the previous. Therefore, sometimes particles can jam locally if the number set in the solution is too high.In proposed method, if the criterion is not complied with at the end of a certain number of steps PSO algorithm is stopped and the final point that is reached is assumed as the new beginning point and the process is repeated through repositioning until the criterion is complied with. This proposed method has been tested on a robot with 3 linear and 3 rotation axes and much better results have been obtained in comparison with classical PSO.'

Title: 'Research Robotics\xe2\x80\x94ArticleControl of Velocity-Constrained Stepper Motor-Driven Hilare Robot for Waypoint Navigation'
Author: 'Robins'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2095809917303922
Abstract: 'AbstractFinding an optimal trajectory from an initial point to a final point through closely packed obstacles, and controlling a Hilare robot through this trajectory, are challenging tasks. To serve this purpose, path planners and trajectory-tracking controllers are usually included in a control loop. This paper highlights the implementation of a trajectory-tracking controller on a stepper motor-driven Hilare robot, with a trajectory that is described as a set of waypoints. The controller was designed to handle discrete waypoints with directional discontinuity and to consider different constraints on the actuator velocity. The control parameters were tuned with the help of multi-objective particle swarm optimization to minimize the average cross-track error and average linear velocity error of the mobile robot when tracking a predefined trajectory. Experiments were conducted to control the mobile robot from a start position to a destination position along a trajectory described by the waypoints. Experimental results for tracking the trajectory generated by a path planner and the trajectory specified by a user are also demonstrated. Experiments conducted on the mobile robot validate the effectiveness of the proposed strategy for tracking different types of trajectories.'

Title: 'The pros and cons of flocking in the long-range \xe2\x80\x9cmigration\xe2\x80\x9d of mobile robot swarms'
Author: 'Fatih'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397510001222
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we study how flocking affects the accuracy and speed of individuals in long-range \xe2\x80\x9cmigration\xe2\x80\x9d. Specifically, we extend a behavior that can generate self-organized flocking in a swarm of robots to follow a homing direction sensed through the magnetic field of the Earth and evaluate how the final points reached by the flock are scattered in space and how the speed of the flock is affected. We propose that four factors influence the performance of migration, in the proposed behavior, namely: (1) averaging through heading alignment behavior, (2) disturbances caused by proximal control behavior, (3) noise in sensing the homing direction, and (4) differences in the characteristics of the individuals. Systematic experiments are conducted to evaluate the effects of these factors using both physical and simulated robots. The results show that although flocking reduces the speed of an individual, it increases the accuracy of \xe2\x80\x9cmigration\xe2\x80\x9d for flocks that are larger than a certain size.'

Title: 'Formation of Control Structures in Static Swarms\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Valery'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705815005445
Abstract: 'AbstractWork solutions are proposed for problems of leader definition and role distribution in homogeneous groups of robots. It is shown that transition from a swarm to a collective of robots with hierarchical organization is possible using exclusively local interaction. The local revoting algorithm is central to the procedure for choice of leader while redistribution of roles can be achieved by a wave method. The basis for this approach is the static swarm model, which is characterized by the absence of a set control center and represents the network fixed at some time interval as a set of locally interacting agents.'

Title: 'UAV-Robot Relationship for Coordination of Robots on a Collision Free Path'
Author: 'Ashish'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309979
Abstract: 'AbstractThe use of UAVs and robots in the commercial purposes has increased significantly in last few years. Along with the research being conducted for both UAVs and mobile robots individually throughout the research community, there has been a significant amount of work going in the field of the relationship of UAVs and mobile robots. In this paper, we present an algorithm to establish a relationship between a UAV and n robots. The target is to successfully lead n robots to n different goal positions. None of the goals is shared by more than one robots. UAV will be acting as the leader of robots and will have the bird-eye view of the environment. The UAV will calculate an efficient path plan for every robot that will help the robot to reach the goal by avoiding the static obstacles as well as the inter-robot collision during the movement of robots. We have simulated our algorithm in software using Python as well as MATLAB and also have compared two pathfinding algorithms wiz. A* and PRM for finding the path for a robot from its source to the given destination. The result establishes the efficient coordination between UAVs and robots for targeting the goal.'

Title: 'Distributed algorithms for partitioning a swarm of autonomous mobile robots'
Author: 'Asaf'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508003617
Abstract: 'AbstractA number of recent studies address systems of mobile autonomous robots from a distributed computing point of view. Although such systems employ robots that are relatively weak and simple (i.e., dimensionless, oblivious and anonymous), they are nevertheless expected to have strong fault tolerance capabilities as a group. This paper studies the partitioning problem, where n robots must divide themselves into k size-balanced groups, and examines the impact of common orientation on the solvability of this problem. First, deterministic crash-fault-tolerant algorithms are given for the problem in the asynchronous full-compass and semi-synchronous half-compass models, and a randomized algorithm is given for the semi-synchronous no-compass model. Next, the role of common orientation shared by the robots is examined. Necessary and sufficient conditions for the partitioning problem to be solvable are given in the different timing models. Finally, the problem is proved to be unsolvable in the no-compass synchronous model.'

Title: 'Original ArticleIntensive summer course in robotics \xe2\x80\x93 Robotcraft'
Author: 'N.M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2210832718300851
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper describes a two-month summer intensive course designed to introduce participants with a hands-on technical craft on robotics and to acquire experience in the low-level details of embedded systems. Attendants started this course with a brief introduction to robotics; learned to draw, design and create a personalized 3D structure for their mobile robotic platform and developed skills in embedded systems. They were familiarize with the practices used in robotics, learning to connect all sensors and actuator, developing a typical application on differential kinematic using Arduino, exploring ROS features under Raspberry Pi environment and Arduino \xe2\x80\x93 Raspberry Pi communication. Different paradigms and some real applications and programming were addressed on the topic of Artificial Intelligence. Throughout the course, participants were introduced to programming languages (including Python and C++), advanced programming concepts such as ROS, basic API development, system concepts such as I2C and UART serial interfaces, PWM motor control and sensor fusion to improve robotic navigation and localization. This paper describes not just the concept, layout and methodology used on RobotCraft 2017 but also presents the participants knowledge background and their overall opinions, leading to focus on lessons learned and suggestions for future editions.'

Title: 'Simulating robot groups with elements of a social structure using KVORUM'
Author: 'M.A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917323815
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper describes the architecture of KVORUM, the agent-based modeling environment developed by the authors to explore certain design decisions and facilitate simulation usage in the field of group robotics, specifically for research of robotic systems with elements of a social structure. KVORUM is a prototype of a simulation system that should adequately abstract away complexities of a physical system while providing convenient interfaces and library modules for modeling groups of mobile land robots and individual agent\xe2\x80\x99s intrinsic structures. It was built from the ground up as a modular, highly extensible system focused on speed of calculations that is to be achieved by using proper simplification of physical and other effects, and by the ability to perform simulations using parallel computing. In KVORUM the developed abstractions and limitations of a parallel architecture are tested without fully adhering to parallel computing requirements. It is shown that the proposed method of simulating such systems is applicable to a wide variety of problems from the field of group robotics with elements of a social structure (and swarm robotics in general). Some features of the architecture and models used in KVORUM allow for it to be extended in next iterations to fully support simulations on parallel computing systems.'

Title: 'Dynamic Distributed PSO joints elites in Multiple Robot Path Planning Systems: theoretical and practical review of new ideas'
Author: 'Ayari'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917314850
Abstract: 'AbstractPath planning problem for large number of robots is a quite challenging problem in mobile robotics since their control and coordination becomes unreliable and sometimes unfeasible. Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) has been demonstrated to be a useful technique in the field of robotic research. This paper discusses an optimal path planning algorithm based on a Dynamic Distributed Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm (D2PSO). The purpose of this approach is to find collision free optimal paths using two local optima detectors. This would add diversity to the population and hence avoid stagnation problem. The results show that the D2PSO has a better ability to get away from local optimums than the distributed PSO (dPSO). Simulations prove that this methodology is effective for every robot in multi-robot framework to discover its own proper path from the start to the destination position with minimum distance and no collision with obstacles.'

Title: 'Full Length ArticleIntelligent-based multi-robot path planning inspired by improved classical Q-learning and improved particle swarm optimization with perturbed velocity'
Author: 'P.K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098615001548
Abstract: 'AbstractClassical Q-learning takes huge computation to calculate the Q-value for all possible actions in a particular state and takes large space to store its Q-value for all actions, as a result of which its convergence rate is slow. This paper proposed a new methodology to determine the optimize trajectory of the path for multi-robots in clutter environment using hybridization of improving classical Q-learning based on four fundamental principles with improved particle swarm optimization (IPSO) by modifying parameters and differentially perturbed velocity (DV) algorithm for improving the convergence. The algorithms are used to minimize path length and arrival time of all the robots to their respective destination in the environment and reducing the turning angle of each robot to reduce the energy consumption of each robot. In this proposed scheme, the improve classical Q-learning stores the Q-value of the best action of the state and thus save the storage space, which is used to decide the Pbest and gbest of the improved PSO in each iteration, and the velocity of the IPSO is adjusted by the vector differential operator inherited from differential evolution (DE). The validation of the algorithm is studied in simulated and Khepera-II robot.'

Title: 'Three Dimensional Path Planning for UAVs in Dynamic Environment using Glow-worm Swarm Optimization'
Author: 'Utkarsh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309724
Abstract: 'AbstractWe propose an efficient solution for finding a collision-free path in a Three-Dimensional environment with dynamic obstacles for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). Path Planning for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in Three Dimensional Dynamic Environment is considered a challenging task in the field of robotics. During their mission, UAVs have to maneuver in an environment which can have obstacles of varying size and random motion. The aim of the proposed algorithm is to traverse an optimal flight route in real world environment with no collision with environmental elements. This paper proposes use of a Glow-worm Swarm Optimization (GSO) for Path-Planning of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). It provides improved convergence rate and accuracy than the other Meta Heuristic optimization algorithms. The simulation is modelled in a real world environment. A swarm of particles is made to co-ordinate with each other for optimal path planning. The simulation is run in Python and the viability of the algorithm according to path-cost, time and number of expanded nodes is measured.'

Title: 'Hybridization of IWO and IPSO for mobile robots navigation in a dynamic environment'
Author: 'Mohit Ranjan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319157817302562
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper has given a fresh approach of hybridization of invasive weed optimization (IWO) with improved particle swarm optimization (IPSO) to obtain the optimal path for each robot in multi-robots system in a non-stationary environment. The main emphasis of the algorithm is to lessen the path length and time taken by all robots to arrive at the respective destined target in the cluttered environment. Each robot takes independent decisions of their own to evaluate the next positions from their current position in the global map using proposed hybrid IWO-IPSO. The proposed approach embedded the spatial dispersion method of IWO with motion mechanism of IPSO called IWO-IPSO. The main aim of the hybridization is to maintain a good balance between intensification and diversification and avoid local minima value because of adopting co-evolutionary techniques to update the velocity and particle positions with IPSO simultaneously. The effectiveness of the algorithm has been validated through simulation and real platform. Finally, the experimental and simulation results of IWO-IPSO for multi-robot path planning are weighed against with results obtained by IPSO, IWO in a analogous environment to make sure the integrity of the algorithm is maintained. The results obtained from simulation on top of Khepera environment justifies that, the proposed IWO-IPSO performs superiorly than IPSO and IWO with respect to arrival time, energy utilization during travel of path, optimal path length and deviation of path.'

Title: 'Joint Torque Estimation Model of Surface Electromyography(sEMG) Based on Swarm Intelligence Algorithm for Robotic Assistive Device\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Ku'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914014872
Abstract: "AbstractThe conventional robotic assistive device was based on pre-programmed functions by the robot expert. This makes it difficult for stroke patients use it effectively due to difficulty of torque setting that is suitable for the user movement. Electromyography (EMG) signal measures the electrical signal of muscle contraction.The EMG-based robotics assistive technology would enable the stroke patients to control the robot movement according to the user's own strength of natural movement.This paper discusses the mapping of surface electromyography signals (sEMG) to torque for robotic rehabilitation. Particle swarm optimization (PSO) has been applied as a control algorithm for a number of selected mathematical models. sEMG signals were determined as input data to the mathematical model where parameters of the mathematical model were optimized using PSO. Hence, the good correlated estimated torque as output was obtained."

Title: 'Modelling and Investigation on Bouncing Mechanism of a Sphere Robot\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'N.M.H.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915037953
Abstract: 'AbstractSpherical rolling mechanisms (SRMs) exhibit a number of advantages with respect to wheeled and legged mechanisms. In fact if the SRM is combined with the power of bouncing mechanism, it will produce an exciting phenomena that can be contributed to applications such as security surveillance, search and rescue. There is not much research done in both fields, especially in the bouncing mechanism. In fact to the best of authors\xe2\x80\x99 knowledge no of research has been done on integrating both mechanism to produce a spherical system that is capable of rolling and bouncing, which can produce a very significant mobile robot. Therefore, this research deals with the modeling and development of a bouncing spherical robot using computational intelligent technique, i.e. Particle Swarm Optimization technique (PSO). A 3D virtual prototype of a spherical robot was developed in Visual Nastran as a platform for input and out data acquisition. Different simulations environment have been created, such as the free fall bouncing, shooting up and projectile type of environment to investigate the bouncing profile affected by different forces. The data obtained were then used for system identification using PSO technique with mean square error (MSE) of 0.0004%. The transfer function representing the bouncing mechanism of the sphere robot was then obtained. Next, the prototype of the sphere robot with bouncing capability was developed. Open loop tests have been conducted and the results show that the hardware developed can produce the bouncing mechanism at its promising capability. Future works need to be conducted to re-visit the hardware, particularly on the body of the sphere robot such that maximum bouncing can be achieved.'

Title: 'Methodology for Path Planning and Optimization of Mobile Robots: A Review'
Author: 'Mohd. Nayab'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309621
Abstract: 'AbstractMobile robotics research is an emerging area since last three decades. The present research on mobile robotics addresses the problems which are mainly on path planning algorithm and optimization in static as well as dynamic environments. A detailed review has been made in the broad field of mobile robotic research especially focussing on the path planning strategy in various cluttered environments, their advantages and disadvantages of each of these strategies/methods have been highlighted. The path planning strategy of mobile robots can be categorised as Classical Methods and Heuristic Methods. Further subcategorized as (i) Analytical Methods, (ii) Enumerative Methods, (iii) Evolutionary Methods and (iv) Meta-Heuristic Methods. Each of these aforesaid methods has its own advantages and disadvantages. However, the main weakness arises from the fact that, analytical methods are too complex for intangible applications, whereas the enumerative methods are anxious by the extent of the search space. On the other hand, when search space is too large in path planning strategy, many evolutionary methods have been shown to be ineffective. To overcome these drawbacks, meta-heuristic methods have been fascinating considerably in this broad field of research. Many techniques are developed in path planning for mobile robot worldwide, however, the most commonly used techniques are presented here for further study.'

Title: 'Control of Artificial Swarms with DDDAS\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'R. Ryan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914002828
Abstract: 'AbstractA framework for incorporating a swarm intelligent system with the Dynamic Data Driven Application System (DDDAS) is presented. Swarm intelligent systems, or artificial swarms, self-organize into useful emergent structures that are capable of solving complex problems, but are difficult to control and predict. The DDDAS concept utilizes repeated simulations of an executing application to improve analytic and predictive capability by creating a synergistic feedback loop. Incorporating DDDAS with swarm applications can significantly improve control of the swarm. An overview of the DDDAS framework for swarm control is presented, and then demonstrated with an example swarm application.'

Title: 'PSO based neuro fuzzy sliding mode control for a robot manipulator'
Author: 'M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S231471721630068X
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents the control strategy of two degrees of freedom (2DOF) rigid robot manipulator based on the coupling of artificial neuro fuzzy inference system (ANFIS) with sliding mode control (SMC). Initially SMC with proportional integral derivative (PID) sliding surface is adapted to control the robot manipulator. The parameters of the sliding surface are obtained by minimizing a quadratic performance indices using particle swarm optimization (PSO). Variations of SMC i.e. boundary sliding mode control (BSMC) and boundary sliding mode control with PID sliding surface (PIDBSMC) are developed for optimized performance index. Finally an ANFIS adaptive controller is proposed to generate the adaptive control signal and found to be more robust with regard to disturbances in input torque.'

Title: 'Analysis and use of fuzzy intelligent technique for navigation of humanoid robot in obstacle prone zone'
Author: 'Asita Kumar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214914718300229
Abstract: 'AbstractWith the increasing use of humanoid robots in several sectors of industrial automation and manufacturing, navigation and path planning of humanoids has emerged as one of the most promising area of research. In this paper, a navigational controller has been developed for a humanoid by using fuzzy logic as an intelligent algorithm for avoiding the obstacles present in the environment and reach the desired target position safely. Here, the controller has been designed by careful consideration of the navigational parameters by the help of fuzzy rules. The sensory information regarding obstacle distances and bearing angle towards the target are considered as inputs to the controller and necessary velocities for avoiding the obstacles are obtained as outputs. The working of the controller has been tested on a NAO humanoid robot in V-REP simulation platform. To validate the simulation results, an experimental platform has been designed under laboratory conditions, and experimental analysis has been performed. Finally, the results obtained from both the environments are compared against each other with a good agreement between them.'

Title: 'Original ArticleTrajectory planning for biped robot walking on uneven terrain \xe2\x80\x93 Taking stepping as an example'
Author: 'Qiu-bo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S246823221630066X
Abstract: 'AbstractAccording to the features of movements of humanoid robot, a control system for humanoid robot walking on uneven terrain is present. Constraints of stepping over stairs are analyzed and the trajectories of feet are calculated by intelligent computing methods. To overcome the shortcomings resulted from directly controlling the robot by neural network (NN) and fuzzy logic controller (FLC), a revised particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is proposed to train the weights of NN and rules of FLC. Simulations and experiments on different control methods are achieved for a detailed comparison. The results show that using the proposed methods can obtain better control effect.'

Title: 'Synchronous Robots vs Asynchronous Lights-Enhanced Robots on Graphs\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mattia'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1571066116300202
Abstract: "AbstractIn this paper, we consider the distributed setting of computational mobile entities, called robots, that have to perform tasks without global coordination. Depending on the environment as well as on the robots' capabilities, tasks might be accomplished or not.In particular, we focus on the well-known scenario where the robots reside on the nodes of a graph and operate in Look-Compute-Move cycles. In one cycle, a robot perceives the current configuration in terms of robots positions (Look), decides whether to move toward some edge of the graph (Compute), and in the positive case it performs an instantaneous move along the computed edge (Move).We then compare two basic models: in the first model robots are fully synchronous, while in the second one robots are asynchronous and lights-enhanced, that is, each robot is equipped with a constant number of lights visible to all other robots. The question whether one model is more powerful than the other in terms of computable tasks has been considered in [Das et al., Int.'l Conf. on Distributed Computing Systems, 2012] but for robots moving on the Euclidean plane rather than on a graph.We provide two different tasks, and show that on graphs one task can be solved in the fully synchronous model but not in the asynchronous lights-enhanced model, while for the other task the converse holds. Hence we can assert that the fully synchronous model and the asynchronous lights-enhanced model are incomparable on graphs. This opens challenging directions in order to understand which peculiarities make the models so different."

Title: 'An Efficient Path Planning Algorithm for Biped Robot using Fast Marching Method'
Author: 'Katla'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309591
Abstract: 'AbstractAn efficient path planning algorithm is required for the robot to move in a complex known and unknown environments. In the present research, the authors made an attempt to develop a path planning algorithm, that is, fast marching method (FMM) for the biped robot to move in a static environment. Once the path planning algorithm is developed, a simulation study is conducted to determine the path for the environment that consists of different number of obstacles that from different configurations for the terrain. The path planning algorithm is successfully seen to derive collision-free shortest paths in all the cases. Further, experiments are conducted on a real biped robot to test the effectiveness of the algorithm in deriving on-line collision-free path for the robot.'

Title: 'Implementation of Behaviour Based Robot with Sense of Smell and Sight\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'A.S.A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915038016
Abstract: "AbstractMobile olfaction and odour source localisation has become a noticeable research field in recent years. Current developments in mobile robots and the dynamic nature of environments that the robot performs its tasks have increased robot's computation requirements. Behaviour based robot has been lauded to be robust and cost effective to counter the earlier mentioned problems. Experiments leading to the implementation of our behaviour based robot in this paper were done on our integrated testbed built specifically for mobile olfaction related experiments. The functionality and advantages of using the testbed were highlighted. Furthermore, various mapping techniques were implemented for both single and multiple robot system which has the potential to aid odour source localisation task carried by the robot. Finally, a simple behaviour based approach was implemented on a robot with sense of smell and sight in dynamic conditions to evade the time-consuming and rigidity of algorithm based approach. The enhancements of this approach on the different odour source localisation task were highlighted. A Braitenberg vehicle was implemented for odour source localisation."

Title: 'Original ArticleDesign of optimal Mamdani-type fuzzy controller for nonholonomic wheeled mobile robots'
Author: 'Davood'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1018363913000184
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, in order to cope with both parametric and nonparametric uncertainties in the robot model, an optimal Mamdani-type fuzzy logic controller is introduced for trajectory tracking of wheeled mobile robots (WMRs). The dynamic model of a nonholonomic mobile robot was implemented in the Matlab/Simulink environment. The parameters of input and output membership functions, and PID controller coefficients are optimized simultaneously by random inertia weight Particle Swarm Optimization (RNW-PSO). Simulation results show the system performance is desirable.'

Title: 'Localization of sound sources in robotics: A review'
Author: 'Caleb'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0921889016304742
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A highly detailed survey of sound source localization (SSL) used over robotic platforms.\xe2\x80\xa2Classification of SSL techniques and description of the SSL problem.\xe2\x80\xa2Description of the diverse facets of the SSL problem.\xe2\x80\xa2Survey of the evaluation methodologies used to measure SSL performance in robotics.\xe2\x80\xa2Discussion of current SSL challenges and research questions.AbstractSound source localization (SSL) in a robotic platform has been essential in the overall scheme of robot audition. It allows a robot to locate a sound source by sound alone. It has an important impact on other robot audition modules, such as source separation, and it enriches human\xe2\x80\x93robot interaction by complementing the robot\xe2\x80\x99s perceptual capabilities. The main objective of this review is to thoroughly map the current state of the SSL field for the reader and provide a starting point to SSL in robotics. To this effect, we present: the evolution and historical context of SSL in robotics; an extensive review and classification of SSL techniques and popular tracking methodologies; different facets of SSL as well as its state-of-the-art; evaluation methodologies used for SSL; and a set of challenges and research motivations.'

Title: 'Algorithmic requirements for swarm intelligence in differently coupled collective systems'
Author: 'J\xc3\xbcrgen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960077913000210
Abstract: 'AbstractSwarm systems are based on intermediate connectivity between individuals and dynamic neighborhoods. In natural swarms self-organizing principles bring their agents to that favorable level of connectivity. They serve as interesting sources of inspiration for control algorithms in swarm robotics on the one hand, and in modular robotics on the other hand. In this paper we demonstrate and compare a set of bio-inspired algorithms that are used to control the collective behavior of swarms and modular systems: BEECLUST, AHHS (hormone controllers), FGRN (fractal genetic regulatory networks), and VE (virtual embryogenesis). We demonstrate how such bio-inspired control paradigms bring their host systems to a level of intermediate connectivity, what delivers sufficient robustness to these systems for collective decentralized control. In parallel, these algorithms allow sufficient volatility of shared information within these systems to help preventing local optima and deadlock situations, this way keeping those systems flexible and adaptive in dynamic non-deterministic environments.'

Title: 'Optimal time-jerk trajectory planning of 6 axis welding robot using TLBO method'
Author: 'Amruta'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310123
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper an efficient approach for optimal offline trajectory planning of welding robot is presented. The welding path is considered as a continuous path compromising of a no. of polynomial segments. During robotic welding process, the end effector is deviated from the weld seam path due to production of jerk. This results in yielding of weld defects after welding operation is performed. Therefore, for robotic welding operation, smooth trajectory planning has been set as priori. For this the objective function has been defined terms of both time and squared jerk. By minimizing the jerk, the continuity of acceleration and velocity can be achieved by which leads to smooth robotic motion. An efficient meta-heuristic method, Teaching Learning Based Optimization (TLBO) algorithm has been used to get optimized results. It has been observed that the jerk has been reduced very significantly with optimal results of time.'

Title: 'A Machine Learning-Enhanced Digital Twin Approach for Human-Robot-Collaboration'
Author: 'Klaus'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118300295
Abstract: 'AbstractA key problem in human robot collaboration is a safe movement of the robot. The reason for this lies mainly in the variety of possible different events that can occur in an unstructured environment. Especially the description of a variable working space and the movements of humans are difficult to represent deterministically. In this paper, an approach to machine learning to enable industrial robots to bypass obstacles or people in the workspace is presented. First, a machine learning-enhanced robot control strategy is presented, which combines a nearest neighbor approach for path planning, clustering analysis and artificial neural networks for obstacle detection. Finally, a proof of concept is presented describing adaptive path planning for the protection of a human being.'

Title: 'Human Robot Interaction in the Absence of Visual and Aural Feedback: Exploring the Haptic Sense\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Jacques'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915036583
Abstract: 'AbstractThe potential of robot swarms for Search and Rescue has been shown by the Guardians project (EU, 2006-2010); however the project also showed the problem of human robot interaction in smoky (non-visibility) and noisy conditions. The REINS project (UK, 2011-2015) focused on human robot interaction in such conditions. This paper briefly reviews the scientific context relevant for designing a haptic interface for human robot navigation and examines what we have achieved since then. The aim is to put the major design issues into context.'

Title: 'Combinatorial particle swarm optimization for solving blocking flowshop scheduling problem'
Author: 'Mansour'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2288430016300161
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The blocking flowshop scheduling problem is very attractive problem in engineering.\xe2\x80\xa2A particle swarm optimization approach is proposed.\xe2\x80\xa2Extensive experiments are conducted to choose the initialization way.\xe2\x80\xa2Improvement procedure is introduced based on iterated local search algorithm.\xe2\x80\xa2A real-world case is solved by the proposed algorithm.AbstractThis paper addresses to the flowshop scheduling problem with blocking constraints. The objective is to minimize the makespan criterion. We propose a hybrid combinatorial particle swarm optimization algorithm (HCPSO) as a resolution technique for solving this problem. At the initialization, different priority rules are exploited. Experimental study and statistical analysis were performed to select the most adapted one for this problem. Then, the swarm behavior is tested for solving a combinatorial optimization problem such as a sequencing problem under constraints. Finally, an iterated local search algorithm based on probabilistic perturbation is sequentially introduced to the particle swarm optimization algorithm for improving the quality of solution. The computational results show that our approach is able to improve several best known solutions of the literature. In fact, 76 solutions among 120 were improved. Moreover, HCPSO outperforms the compared methods in terms of quality of solutions in short time requirements. Also, the performance of the proposed approach is evaluated according to a real-world industrial problem.Graphical abstract'

Title: 'Building a grid-semantic map for the navigation of service robots through human\xe2\x80\x93robot interaction'
Author: 'Cheng'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352864815000437
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents an interactive approach to the construction of a grid-semantic map for the navigation of service robots in an indoor environment. It is based on the Robot Operating System (ROS) framework and contains four modules, namely Interactive Module, Control Module, Navigation Module and Mapping Module. Three challenging issues have been focused during its development: (i) how human voice and robot visual information could be effectively deployed in the mapping and navigation process; (ii) how semantic names could combine with coordinate data in an online Grid-Semantic map; and (iii) how a localization\xe2\x80\x93evaluate\xe2\x80\x93relocalization method could be used in global localization based on modified maximum particle weight of the particle swarm. A number of experiments are carried out in both simulated and real environments such as corridors and offices to verify its feasibility and performance.'

Title: 'Swarm Control of UAVs for Cooperative Hunting with DDDAS\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'R. Ryan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913005796
Abstract: 'AbstractSwarm control is a problem of increasing importance with technological advancements. Recently, governments have begun employing UAVs for reconnaissance, including swarms of drones searching for evasive targets. An agent-based simulation for dynamic cooperative cleaning is augmented with additional behaviors and implemented into a Dynamic Data-Driven Applica- tion System (DDDAS) framework for dynamic swarm control.'

Title: 'Obstacle Avoidance and Navigation Planning of a Wheeled Mobile Robot using Amended Artificial Potential Field Method'
Author: 'Priyanka'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310214
Abstract: 'AbstractTrajectory planning is a prime method in the research on mobile robot navigation. Sampling-based algorithms can generate trajectories which help the robot to reach the target avoiding obstacles. In this proposed work, an Enhanced Artificial Potential Field (E-APF) generates the trajectories for mobility of mobile robots and simultaneously guarantees the effectiveness and continuity of the trajectory. Aiming at the problem that the classical APF cannot adapt to the complex trajectory planning and fall a as prey to the local optimal solution, E-APF method is proposed for Wheeled Mobile Robot (WMR) route planning. In this research work, this method does not consider the influence of traditional attraction and repulsive forces. The repulsive potential is built by repulsive function for discretizing outline of an arbitrarily shaped obstacle with their boundary points. This process describes the workspace of the wheeled mobile robot more precisely. The reliability is proved for most of the cases by discussing the convergence of this proposed technique. Finally, an efficient obstacle avoidance based action has been performed in the chosen navigable trajectory. Trajectories that have been generated using the proposed E-APF satisfy constraints approach of the direction on both the starting and goal points. Consequently, the trajectories that are generated by the Wheeled Mobile Robot are geometrically and dynamically feasible. Simulation results performed confirm the viability of the proposed E-APF algorithm that it can be effectively utilized in trajectory planning of wheeled mobile robots and can be applied in real-time scenarios.'

Title: 'Swarm intelligence in fish? The difficulty in demonstrating distributed and self-organised collective intelligence in (some) animal groups'
Author: 'Christos C.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0376635716302881
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The mechanisms for improved cognitive performance in larger animal groups are reviewed.\xe2\x80\xa2Swarm intelligence is improved performance resulting from decentralised, self-organised information exchange in groups.\xe2\x80\xa2Experimental studies using fish shoals often favour one mechanism or another.\xe2\x80\xa2Swarm intelligence is rarely explicitly demonstrated in fish shoals.\xe2\x80\xa2Guidance for future empirical work is given.AbstractLarger groups often have a greater ability to solve cognitive tasks compared to smaller ones or lone individuals. This is well established in social insects, navigating flocks of birds, and in groups of prey collectively vigilant for predators. Research in social insects has convincingly shown that improved cognitive performance can arise from self-organised local interactions between individuals that integrates their contributions, often referred to as swarm intelligence. This emergent collective intelligence has gained in popularity and been directly applied to groups of other animals, including fish. Despite being a likely mechanism at least partially explaining group performance in vertebrates, I argue here that other possible explanations are rarely ruled out in empirical studies. Hence, evidence for self-organised collective (or \xe2\x80\x98swarm\xe2\x80\x99) intelligence in fish is not as strong as it would first appear. These other explanations, the \xe2\x80\x98pool-of-competence\xe2\x80\x99 and the greater cognitive ability of individuals when in larger groups, are also reviewed. Also discussed is why improved group performance in general may be less often observed in animals such as shoaling fish compared to social insects. This review intends to highlight the difficulties in exploring collective intelligence in animal groups, ideally leading to further empirical work to illuminate these issues.'

Title: 'Hydrodynamic Effect on V-Shape Pattern Formation of Swarm Autonomous Surface Vehicles (ASVs)\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.H.A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915038399
Abstract: "AbstractSwarm robot has been studied for last few decades because it possesses robustness, scalability and flexibility characteristics as compared to other types of robotic system. One of the swarm robots research areas includes a pattern formation. This paper presents an investigation of hydrodynamic effect (i.e. viscous drag) on the swarm Autonomous Surface Vehicles (ASVs) while performing pattern formation based on leader-follower control approach. The study specifically focus on the hydrodynamic effect of V-shape pattern formation as naturally observed in flying method of migrating birds. This study is important to ensure stability of the pattern formation while swarm of ASVs navigate on the water's surface. The parameters of interest are relative distance and relative angle between the ASV's leader and follower. Simulation results show that as the distance between the ASVs increases, the drag effect on the followers are decreases. It is also observed that, as the angle between leader and follower increases, the drag effect experiences by the follower ASVs decreases up to a certain value of angle before increasing again. However, the drag effect encountered by the leader is continuously decreases as the angle increases except at the initial state."

Title: 'Optimal Path Planning of Mobile Robot Using Hybrid Cuckoo Search-Bat Algorithm'
Author: 'Mbl'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310093
Abstract: 'AbstractThe mobile robot path planning depends on sensing the data, map building and planning the path according to the prescribed environment. Many researchers have followed different techniques to get the optimal path. In the Earlier days Mathematical model has been developed to get the optimal path but the result obtained was very poor. After that, so many Soft computing techniques have been developed, but the major drawback is that they are more time to find the optimal path. Sometimes these algorithms fall in local optima during execution. This paper Deals with mobile robot path planning using two nature inspired meta-heuristic algorithms namely cuckoo-search and bat algorithm in the unknown or partially known environment. Cuckoo search is based on the parasitic behaviour of the cuckoo, and the bat algorithm is based on the Echolocation behaviour of the bats. The best qualities in the cuckoo-search and the bat algorithm are combined to obtain the optimal path. Proposed method takes less time to reach the target as compared to individual algorithms. The efficiency of this work has been tested in Matlab environment.'

Title: 'Exploration of Modulation Index in Multi-level Inverter using Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Syed Saad Azhar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917302120
Abstract: 'AbstractThis research paper describes the Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm real with Selective Harmonic Elimination-Pulse Width Modulation (SHEPWM) method for harmonic minimization of Cascaded H-Bridge Multi-Level Inverter. In SHEPWM method- PSO algorithm is capable of determining the required switching angles to eliminate desired value of harmonics. The value of harmonics may reach up to the 11th order from the inverter output voltage waveform while keeping the magnitude of the funda- mental harmonics at a certain value. Hence, the proposed method does capable of eliminating a great number of specific harmonics and the output voltage results in a minimum Total Harmonic Distortion value. The simulation results shows that the PSO algorithm successfully attains the global solution faster than other algorithms.'

Title: 'Autonomous collision avoidance for wheeled mobile robots using a differential game approach'
Author: 'Thulasi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S094735801730184X
Abstract: 'AbstractA multi-agent system consisting of N wheeled mobile robots is considered. The robots are modeled by unicycle dynamics and the multi-agent collision avoidance problem, which lies in steering each robot from its initial position to a desired target position while avoiding collisions with obstacles and other agents is considered. The problem is solved in two steps. First, exploiting a differential game formulation, collision-free trajectories are generated for virtual agents satisfying single-integrator dynamics. Second, the previous step is used to construct dynamic feedback strategies for the wheeled mobile robots satisfying unicycle dynamics which ensure each of the robots reaches its target without collisions occurring. A numerical study of the proposed methodology is provided through a series of simulations.'

Title: 'Multi-robot path planning in a dynamic environment using improved gravitational search algorithm'
Author: 'P.K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2314717216300277
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper proposes a new methodology to optimize trajectory of the path for multi-robots using improved gravitational search algorithm (IGSA) in a dynamic environment. GSA is improved based on memory information, social, cognitive factor of PSO (particle swarm optimization) and then, population for next generation is decided by the greedy strategy. A path planning scheme has been developed using IGSA to optimally obtain the succeeding positions of the robots from the existing position. Finally, the analytical and experimental results of the multi-robot path planning have been compared with those obtained by IGSA, GSA and PSO in a similar environment. The simulation and the Khepera environmental results outperform IGSA as compared to GSA and PSO with respect to performance matrix.'

Title: 'PreviewSticky Solution Provides Grip for the First Robotic Pollinator'
Author: 'Guillermo J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2451929417300360
Abstract: 'Bees, move over. A lily has been pollinated by a remote-controlled flying robot. The robot is hairy, just like a real bee, and sticks to pollen by virtue of an ionic liquid gel, whose fabrication is discussed by Svetlana Chechetka et\xc2\xa0al. in this issue of Chem.'

Title: 'Goals and Resource Constraints in CARMA'
Author: 'Paul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1571066118300434
Abstract: 'AbstractCarma is a recently developed, high-level quantitative modelling language developed for the design and analysis of collective adaptive systems. In the current Carma language, agents within a system consist of a behaviour, captured as a process, and knowledge, represented as a store of attributes. In this paper we present the first steps to equipping agent specifications with more sophisticated forms of knowledge in terms of goals and targets, and demonstrate how these may be integrated into the modelling and analysis process. We illustrate the ideas with a simple example taken from the domain of swarm robotics.'

Title: 'Predictive Planning Method for Rescue Robots in Buildings\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Szymon'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915038417
Abstract: 'AbstractRescue robotics is a domain with great potential for important, real-life applications. Recently its development mostly focused on creating machines able of moving in collapsed buildings remains, leaving group operations in undamaged buildings slightly neglected. In this paper we are focusing on methods for managing multi-robot rescue actions in buildings, where some damages should be expected, but the general structure of a building remains unchanged. We propose a predictive planning approach, which allows using time demanding optimization algorithms for the task, where environment can change rapidly. The proposed solution predicts possible exceptional situations and pre-calculates alternative plans. A prototype system for parallel calculating of plans using high performance computing hardware is presented. A comparison of the optimized plans with a greedy approach is shown for different buildings and different sizes of robot teams. Finally the evaluation of the approach on real mobile robots is described.'

Title: 'Robotic Laser Inspection of Airplane Wings Using Quadrotor\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Tatyana'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705815039259
Abstract: 'AbstractIn course of the new development in construction materials, micro and nanoelectromechanical systems, a new sophisticated class of machinery are rising. This has created the need of diagnostic and inspection algorithm matching with the level of artificial intelligence implemented in the end product. In this paper, we present a case study, a simulation on inspecting airplane wings using unmanned quadrotor. The aim is to automate the inspection process, maximize the efficient allocation of resources and minimize possible risks caused by human errors. In order to achieve wing inspection, a laser setup is mounted on the quadrotor, which trajectory and flight stabilization is controlled by optimized fuzzy logic position controllers using particle swarm optimization.'

Title: 'Sliding Mode Controller Design with Optimized PID Sliding Surface Using Particle Swarm Algorithm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Chong Chee'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917302399
Abstract: 'AbstractThis article deals with an evaluation on the designed controller named as sliding mode control (SMC) which sliding surface of the controller has been integrated with proportional-integral-derivative (PID) controller. The control scheme is established from the derived dynamic equation which stability is proven through Lyapunov theorem. In the performance assessment on the designed PID sliding surface, the controller parameter is first obtained through conventional tuning method known as Ziegler-Nichols (ZN), which is then compared with the particle swarm optimization (PSO) computational tuning algorithm. From the observation of the simulation results, the PSO tuning algorithm showing outperform performances compared to the conventional ZN tuning method in term of trajectory tracking on the electro-hydraulic actuator (EHA) system.'

Title: 'An Adaptive Particle Swarm Optimization Method for Solving the Grasp Planning Problem'
Author: 'Chiraz'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812025945
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper proposes an adaptive particle swarm optimization (APSO) approach to solve the grasp planning problem. Each particle represents a configuration set describing the posture of the robotic hand. The aim of this algorithm is to search for the optimum configuration that satisfies a good stability. The approach uses a Guided Random Generation (GRG) to guide the particles in the generating process. A shape-based object \xe2\x80\x9cparameter factor\xe2\x80\x9d is generated from the GRG process so that, it can be considered in the fitness function. According to the number of contacts between the fingertips and the object, the algorithm can take off the inactive particles. The kinematic of the modeled hand is described and incorporated in the fitness function in order to compute the contact positions. The APSO is tested in the HandGrasp simulator with four different objects and the experimental results demonstrate that this approach outperforms the compared simple PSO in terms of solution accuracy, convergence speed and algorithm reliability.'

Title: 'Intelligent Prediction System for Gas Metering System using Particle Swarm Optimization in Training Neural Network\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'N.S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917302193
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a study on development of prediction model based on an intelligent systems is discussed for gas metering system in order to validate the instrument reliability. In providing reliable measurement of gas metering system, an accurate prediction model is required for model validation and parameter estimation. The intelligent prediction system has been developed for gas measurement validation. Then the project focused on the application of particle swarm optimization (PSO) and Genetic Algorithm (GA) in training neural network prediction model in enhancing the performance of Intelligent Prediction System (IPS). In this study, the three experiment has been conducted to improve the accuracy of the neural network prediction model. The comparison of the performance of PSONN and GANN with pure ANN is presented in this paper. The results shows that the proposed PSONN model give promising results in the prediction accuracy of gas measurement.'

Title: 'Optimal Design of Fuzzy Fractional Order PI\xce\xbbD\xc2\xb5 Controller for Redundant Robot'
Author: 'Anupam'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917328223
Abstract: 'AbstractThe aim of this paper is to compare the performances of new fuzzy fractional order (FO) PID (fuzzy PI\xce\xbbD\xc2\xb5) controller with integer order fuzzy PID and PID controllers for controlling redundant robotic system for trajectory tracking problems. A five-degree of freedom (5-DOF) redundant manipulator is an MIMO, and extremely non-linear system. The performances of the controlled system are poorly affected by the presence model uncertainties and external disturbances. Thus, controller design for redundant robot system is difficult job for controller designer. The tuning of each controller\xe2\x80\x99s parameters is completed with artificial bee colony (ABC) optimization techniques. For investigating the effectiveness, the robustness testing is also investigated for model uncertainties and disturbance rejection. After many numerical simulations and comparison with conventional controller i.e. fuzzy PID and PID controllers, it is found that fuzzy PI\xce\xbbD\xc2\xb5 controller can not only promise best trajectory tracking but also meliorate the plant robustness for model uncertainties and disturbance rejection.'

Title: 'Mine Rescue Robot System \xe2\x80\x93 A Review\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'A. Hemanth'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187852201500096X
Abstract: 'AbstractUnderground mining is beset with numerous problems such as ground movement (fall of roof/sides), inundation, air blast, etc.; apart from gas explosions and dust explosions that are restricted to coal mines. Whatever may be the cause and type of accident or the extent of damage caused, it is a horrendous task for the rescue team to reach the trapped miners. The accident/irrespirable zone contains increased levels of harmful gases like carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide and explosive gases like methane apart from a deficiency of Oxygen. The entire gallery or roadway is filled with dust and smoke, or water in case of inundation, hindering the visibility of rescue personnel. Thus, it is not an ideal situation for the rescue team to perform the operations. The first few hours after the disaster are the critical moments that could be the difference between life and death of the trapped miners. Hence, the ideal solution in such cases would be to deploy a wireless robot equipped with various gas sensors and cameras to aid visibility even in extremely low light conditions. This paper reviews some notable examples from the past and highlights important requirements for rescue robots along with some limitations encountered in the design of such robots.'

Title: 'Acceleration of the Multilayer Network Operator Method Using MPI for Mobile Robot Team Control Synthesis\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'A.I.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917300194
Abstract: 'AbstractThe paper is devoted to the problem of machine-made synthesis of control for robotic teams. The goal of synthesis is to find a multidimensional control function that depends on the current states of all robots. The synthesised control function provides any time the optimal control values to allow each robot achieving the objectives with the best value of functional quality. The approach is based on multilayer network operator method that belongs to a symbolic regression class. Formations of multi-robot systems require individual robots to satisfy their kinematic equations while constantly maintaining inter-robot dynamic constraints. Verification of these dynamic constraints on each iteration of the evolutionary algorithm greatly increases the computational costs of the numerical synthesis. In the paper we propose to accelerate existing designs through taking advantage of newest programming tools of MPI framework for automatic parallelization. Experiments show that our approach reduces greatly computational time.'

Title: 'Development of an Autonomous Tennis Ball Retriever Robot As an Educational Tool\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'I.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915037710
Abstract: 'AbstractOver the years, research into robotics has yielded many applications in several sectors such as manufacturing, domestic and sports industries. This paper discusses the development of an autonomous tennis ball retriever robot for the sports sector. The robot was developed with the aim of saving the time and energy of the tennis player from manually collecting the tennis balls after training sessions. The developed autonomous robot is able to retrieve tennis balls by sweeping around the tennis court. The paper discusses the system configuration in terms of mechanical and controller subsystems, the navigation and system performance. The knowledge and experience gained from the development of various sub-systems of the robot is useful for educating the undergraduate students.'

Title: 'Review on VLSI design using optimization and self-adaptive particle swarm optimization'
Author: 'S.B. Vinay'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319157817302793
Abstract: 'AbstractToday, VLSI technology has taken a fundamental role in developing most of the high-tech electronic circuits. Even though VLSI design is renowned for its smaller size, lower cost, lower power, high reliability and high functionality, the design process takes long time and produces high risk. So, to obtain the knowledge regarding the different contributions on VLSI design, about 52 papers on the design of VLSI using optimization are reviewed here. Accordingly, VLSI design optimization is analyzed through different bio-inspired algorithms and the performance measures of different VLSI experimentations are compared. Further, various improvements on Self-Adaptive Particle Swarm Optimization (SA-PSO) and VLSI design optimization, without the adoption of bio-inspired algorithms, are examined. Additionally, the floor planning problem of VLSI is considered and reviewed. Eventually, this paper provides the diverse research gaps and challenges in VLSI design, which may be helpful for the authors and the philosophers to contribute for further research.'

Title: 'Turning Parameters Optimization Using Particle Swarm Optimization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Hrelja'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705814002872
Abstract: 'AbstractManufacturing technologies are currently defined as on basics of adoptability, autonomous production, and level of automatization. As we modernize the manufacturing lines, subsequently we are required to update and integrate most modern technologies in order to keep the business competitive. In such way, we can assure cheaper products, shorter manufacturing times, lowering of the production costs. Due to the dynamic processes and increase of the machining parameters optimizing the information which is essential for production got significantly harder. For solving such problems, we have to turn our choice onto the intelligent methods, such as Particle swarm optimization or similar type of intelligent optimization. In this paper we present a proposal, how to successfully gain optimal cutting parameters \xe2\x80\x93 cutting speed, feedrate and cutting depth for certain requirements such as cutting force, surface finish \xe2\x80\x93 roughness and cutting tool life.'

Title: 'Teaching Assembly by Demonstration Using Advanced Human Robot Interaction and a Knowledge Integration Framework\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mathias'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917304298
Abstract: 'AbstractConventional industrial robots are heavily dependent on hard automation that requires pre-specified fixtures and time-consuming (re)programming performed by experienced operators. In this work, teaching by human-only demonstration is used for reducing required time and expertise to setup a robotized assembly station. This is achieved by the proposed framework enhancing the robotic system with advanced perception and cognitive abilities, accessed through a user-friendly Human Robot Interaction interface. The approach is evaluated on a small parts\xe2\x80\x99 assembly use case deployed onto a collaborative industrial robot testbed. Experiments indicate that the proposed approach allows inexperienced users to efficiently teach robots new assembly tasks.'

Title: 'Mobile robot navigation in unknown static environments using ANFIS controller\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Anish'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2213020916301185
Abstract: 'SummaryNavigation and obstacle avoidance are the most important task for any mobile robots. This article presents the Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) controller for mobile robot navigation and obstacle avoidance in the unknown static environments. The different sensors such as ultrasonic range finder sensor and sharp infrared range sensor are used to detect the forward obstacles in the environments. The inputs of the ANFIS controller are obstacle distances obtained from the sensors, and the controller output is a robot steering angle. The primary objective of the present work is to use ANFIS controller to guide the mobile robot in the given environments. Computer simulations are conducted through MATLAB software and implemented in real time by using C/C++ language running Arduino microcontroller based mobile robot. Moreover, the successful experimental results on the actual mobile robot demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed controller.'

Title: 'Path planning in uncertain environment by using firefly algorithm'
Author: 'B.K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214914718300333
Abstract: 'AbstractAutonomous mobile robot navigation is one of the most emerging areas of research by using swarm intelligence. Path planning and obstacle avoidance are most researched current topics like navigational challenges for mobile robot. The paper presents application and implementation of Firefly Algorithm (FA) for Mobile Robot Navigation (MRN) in uncertain environment. The uncertainty is defined over the changing environmental condition from static to dynamic. The attraction of one firefly towards the other firefly due to variation of their brightness is the key concept of the proposed study. The proposed controller efficiently explores the environment and improves the global search in less number of iterations and hence it can be easily implemented for real time obstacle avoidance especially for dynamic environment. It solves the challenges of navigation, minimizes the computational calculations, and avoids random moving of fireflies. The performance of proposed controller is better in terms of path optimality when compared to other intelligent navigational approaches.'

Title: 'Path Planning for Visually Impaired People in an Unfamiliar Environment Using Particle Swarm Optimization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'T.S.T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915037825
Abstract: 'AbstractExploring a new environment is a huge challenge for the visually impaired. Hence there is a need for a system that is able to assist them safely during their journey. Here, in this paper, we propose a path planning with predetermined waypoints method using Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm. This method computes shortest possible path given the predetermined waypoints from initial position to final position. By using predetermined waypoints which is a collection of coordinates along the pedestrian walkaway, a resulting accessible pedestrian path could be offered to the visually impaired. The system consists of a destination selection process and path planning process. For the destination selection process, a list of available places is given and the user will select the places that they want to visit from the list. The path planning process calculates path length between all nodes which includes predetermined waypoints, start point and final destination using Euclidean distance formula. The PSO algorithm will optimise possible shortest route by minimizing the total cost for path length. The simulation analyses of the proposed method have shown promising results of optimal route for different destinations. Results from this paper will be used further to explore the potential development of path guidance system for the visually impaired people by allowing them to travel independently in an unfamiliar environment.'

Title: 'Manufacturing Capability Assessment for Human-Robot Collaborative Disassembly Based on Multi-Data Fusion\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Huiping'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917301889
Abstract: 'AbstractIn view of the fact that various resources are shared as services globally today in the manufacturing industry, the assessment and optimization for manufacturing capability of human-robot collaborative disassembly is the premise to realize the aggregation and optimization of the disassembly services, and provides the best basis for the optimal scheduling in the workshop. While human are the most basic manufacturing resource and industrial robots (IRs) are the most advanced, we establish a set of complete manufacturing capability assessment system and assessment model for human-robot collaborative disassembly in this paper. For the reason that most of the capability assessment method before ignored the data source selection of the assessment object, only used real-time data or historical data, this paper fuses the historical data and real-time data through manifold algorithm to get more accurate results. On this basis, we assess the manufacturing capability of human, robots, human-robot collaboration using the improved method combining PCA and Grey correlation degree method and AHP in disassembly process. Finally a case study is implemented to demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed method.'

Title: 'Area Exploration by Flocking of Multi Robot'
Author: 'Ashish'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812025738
Abstract: 'AbstractArea exploration is a widely known problem in the field of robotics. In the past decades wide range of research has been conducted for the area exploration problem. In recent years, the research ecclesiastical has focused on formulations for the efficient working of multiple robots. Through this research we intended to design a Multi robot flocking system which can explore the area or find the target. Here we have presented an accommodated approach for multi robot exploration, mapping and searching suitable for large teams of robot, function in unknown environment which lacking from an existing supporting communications framework. To design such a flock of robot, we have use flock steering rules for moving forward. To assign work, Bid value function have been used. This function will assign the area to explore, to each robot according to their bid value. So that collision could be avoided.'

Title: 'Local spreading algorithms for autonomous robot systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Reuven'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508001126
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper studies local algorithms for autonomous robot systems, namely, algorithms that use only information of the positions of a bounded number of their nearest neighbors. The paper focuses on the spreading problem. It defines measures for the quality of spreading, presents a local algorithm for the one-dimensional spreading problem, proves its convergence to the equally spaced configuration and discusses its convergence rate in the synchronous and semi-synchronous settings. It then presents a local algorithm achieving the exact equally spaced configuration in finite time in the synchronous setting, and proves it is time optimal for local algorithms. Finally, the paper also proposes a possible algorithm for the two-dimensional case and presents partial simulation results of its effectiveness.'

Title: 'Desarrollo de un robot m\xc3\xb3vil compacto integrado en el middleware ROSDevelopment of a compact mobile robot integrated in ROS middleware'
Author: 'Andr\xc3\xa9'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1697791214000338
Abstract: 'ResumenEn este trabajo se presenta el robot TraxBot y su integraci\xc3\xb3n completa en el Robot Operating System (ROS). El TraxBot es una plataforma de rob\xc3\xb3tica m\xc3\xb3vil, desarrollada y ensamblada en el Instituto de Sistemas y Rob\xc3\xb3tica (ISR) Coimbra. El objetivo de este trabajo es reducir dr\xc3\xa1sticamente el tiempo de desarrollo, proporcionando abstracci\xc3\xb3n de hardware y modos de operaci\xc3\xb3n intuitiva, permitiendo a los investigadores centrarse en sus motivaciones principales de investigaci\xc3\xb3n, por ejemplo, la b\xc3\xbasqueda y rescate con m\xc3\xbaltiples robots o rob\xc3\xb3tica de enjambres. Se describen las potencialidades del TraxBot, que combinado con un controlador de ROS espec\xc3\xadficamente desarrollado, facilita el uso de varias herramientas para el an\xc3\xa1lisis de datos y la interacci\xc3\xb3n entre m\xc3\xbaltiples robots, sensores y dispositivos de teleoperaci\xc3\xb3n. Para validar el sistema, se llevaron a cabo diversas pruebas experimentales utilizando robots reales y virtuales.AbstractThis paper presents the TraxBot robot and its full integration in the Robotic Operating System (ROS). The TraxBot is a compact mobile robotic platform developed and assembled at the Institute of Systems and Robots (ISR) Coimbra. The goal in this work is to drastically decrease the development time, providing hardware abstraction and intuitive operation modes, allowing researchers to focus in their main research motivations, e.g., search and rescue, multi-robot surveillance or swarm robotics. The potentialities of the TraxBot are described which, combined with the ROS driver developed, provide several tools for data analysis and easiness of interaction between multiple robots, sensors and tele-operation devices. To validate the approach, diverse experimental tests using real and virtual simulated robots were conducted.'

Title: 'Robotic Optimal Assembly Sequence Using Improved Cuckoo Search Algorithm'
Author: 'Gunji Bala'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309852
Abstract: 'AbstractThe demand for manufacturing newer products are increasing day-by-day, keeping this demand in mind many modern manufacturing processes have been evolved to meet the demand and supply the product in time. Even though many modern methods have been evolved, still there is lack in time to meet the consumer\xe2\x80\x99s requirements. This is due to assembly, which takes 20% of cost in manufacturing. To do effective assembly, optimal sequence is required; achieving the optimal assembly sequence is a difficulty process because it is one of them Non Probabilistic (NP) hard combinatorial problems. Achieving an effective optimal assembly sequence involves more than one objective function to develop the fitness equation (number of directional changes, gripper changes, time of assembly etc.), which converts the problem into discrete optimization problem. At the starting stages of assembly planning, researchers implemented mathematical models to achieve the feasible solution. These methods performs very poorly when comes to large part assemblies. Meanwhile, Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques are evolved to solve the Assembly Sequence Planning (ASP) Problems. Performances of these methods are quite impressive in solving ASP problems, but most of these algorithms fall in local optimal during execution. More over these methods consumes more time for getting optimal solution especially for the more part assemblies. Keeping the above difficulties in mind, in this paper an Improved Cuckoo Search (ICS) algorithm is implemented to obtain the optimal solution. The proposed algorithm is compared by considering two assemblies (wall rack assembly and eccentric milling machine) with the algorithms like Genetic Algorithm (GA), Ant Colony Optimization (ACO), Grey Wolf Optimization (GWO), Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm and Hybrid Ant Wolf Algorithm (HAWA). The results of the different algorithms are compared in terms of number of iterations and fitness values with the proposed algorithm. The results show that the proposed algorithm performs better than the compared algorithms.'

Title: 'Inverse Kinematics Using Particle Swarm Optimization, A Statistical Analysis\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Nizar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705813017566
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper investigates the relative performances of PSO variants when used to solve inverse kinematics. Inverse kinematics is a key issue in robotics; for problems such as path planning, motion generation or trajectories optimization, they are classically involved. In the specific case of articulated robotics, inverse kinematics is needed to generate the joint motions, correspondent to a known target position. Articulated systems are very important in humanoid robotics, since arms and legs belong typically to this kind of mechanisms. In this paper the IK-PSO, Inverse Kinematics PSO, is applied to a double link articulated system. A statistical analysis is conducted to survey the convergence and relative performances of the main PSO variants when applied to solve IK; the PO variants tested are: Inertia weight PSO, Constriction factor PSO, linear decreasing weight and two simplified PSO variants.'

Title: 'PMSM Driver Based on Hybrid Particle Swarm Optimization and CMAC'
Author: 'Ji'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389212014770
Abstract: 'AbstractA novel hybrid particle swarm optimization (PSO) and cerebellar model articulation controller (CMAC) is introduced to the permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) driver. PSO can simulate the random learning among the individuals of population and CMAC can simulate the self-learning of an individual. To validate the ability and superiority of the novel algorithm, experiments and comparisons have been done in MATLAB/SIMULINK. Analysis among PSO, hybrid PSO-CMAC and CMAC feed-forward control is also given. The results prove that the electric torque ripple and torque disturbance of the PMSM driver can be reduced by using the hybrid PSO-CMAC algorithm.'

Title: 'A Testbed for Investigating the UAV Swarm Command and Control Problem Using DDDAS\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913005140
Abstract: 'AbstractUnmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) may become the future of military aviation as technology advances, especially sensors and miniaturization techniques. Currently, however, UAVs are controlled individually and require many resources, including ground-based pilots, to function. In our project, we attempt to explore how to remedy this using a Dynamic Data-Driven Application System (DDDAS) to control a group, or swarm, of UAVs. DDDAS takes real data and injects it into a running simulation, as well as allowing the running simulation to influence what real data is gathered, and as such is an ideal system to control real UAVs. We describe here how we created a testbed system that allowed two simulations to communicate data to one another using DDDAS principles, as well as the beginnings of incorporating commercially-available UAVs into the system.'

Title: 'Structural Dimension Optimization of Robotic Belt Grinding System for Grinding Workpieces with Complex Shaped Surfaces Based on Dexterity Grinding Space'
Author: 'Zhihui'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936111600411
Abstract: 'AbstractTo improve the grinding quality of robotic belt grinding systems for the workpieces with complex shaped surfaces, new concepts of the dexterity grinding point and the dexterity grinding space are proposed and their mathematical descriptions are defined. Factors influencing the dexterity grinding space are analyzed. And a method to determine the necessary dexterity grinding space is suggested. Based on particle swarm optimization (PSO) method, a strategy to optimize the grinding robot structural dimensions and position with respect to the grinding wheel is put forward to obtain the necessary dexterity grinding space. Finally, to grind an aerial engine blade, a dedicated PPPRRR (P: prismatic R: rotary) grinding robot structural dimensions and position with respect to the grinding wheel are optimized using the above strategy. According to simulation results, if the blade is placed within the dexterity grinding space, only one gripper and one grinding machine are needed to grind its complex shaped surfaces.'

Title: 'Five Traits of Performance Enhancement Using Cloud Robotics: A Survey\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Basit'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914009983
Abstract: 'AbstractRecently, robots and automation systems have been at the front of research with the majority of systems still operating indepen- dently using onboard computation, memory manipulation and communication. With improvements in communication technology and the increasing availability of network, new approaches where robot and automation processing is performed remotely with access to large scale datasets, support a range of functions. Cloud Robotics supplements performance enhancement of robotics and autonomous systems by providing a global infrastructure in innovative ways. This paper summarizes recent research into five traits of Cloud Robotics for performance enhancement in robotics and autonomous systems: 1) Remote Brain, 2) Big Data and Shared Knowledge-base, 3) Collective Learning, 4) Intelligence and Behavior, and 5) Cloud architectures. Towards the end, in this survey, we present future directions for research in cloud robotics.'

Title: 'A Context-based Approach to Robot-human Interaction\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Wayne'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978915001729
Abstract: "AbstractCARIL (Context-Augmented Robotic Interaction Layer) is a human-robot interaction system that leverages cognitive representations of shared context as a basis for a fundamentally new approach to human-robotic interaction. CARIL gives a robot a human-like representation of context and an ability to reason about context in order to adapt its behavior to that of the humans around it. This capability is \xe2\x80\x9caction compliance.\xe2\x80\x9d A prototype CARIL implementation focuses on a fundamental form of action compliance called non-interference -- \xe2\x80\x9cnot being underfoot or in a human's way\xe2\x80\x9d. Non-interference is key for the safety of human-co-workers, and is also foundational to more complex interactive and teamwork skills. CARIL is tested via simulation in a space-exploration use-case. The live CARIL prototype directs a single simulated robot in a simulated space station where four simulated astronauts are engaging in a variety of tightly-scheduled work activities. The robot is scheduled to perform background tasks away from the astronauts, but must quickly adapt and not be underfoot as astronaut activities diverge from plan and encroach on the robot's space. The robot, driven by CARIL, demonstrates non-interference action compliance in three benchmarks situations, demonstrating the viability of the CARIL technology and concept."

Title: 'Robust Tracking Control for Constrained Robots'
Author: 'Haifa'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812027130
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a novel robust tracking control law is proposed for constrained robots under unknown stiffness environment. The stabilityand the robustness of the controller are proved using a Lyapunov-based approach where the relationship between the error dynamics of the robotic system and its energy is investigated. Finally, a 3DOF constrained robotic arm is used to prove the stability, the robustness and the safety of the proposed approach.'

Title: 'Optimization of Scaling Factors of Fuzzy\xe2\x80\x93MPPT Controller for Stand-alone Photovoltaic System by Particle Swarm Optimization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Arfaoui'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610217302916
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we present a novel fuzzy logic controller, for tracking the maximum power point of boost-based PV system. The fuzzy logic controller is used to improve its dynamic response with sudden irradiations and temperature conditions. This paper deals with the optimal adjustment of scaling factors for fuzzy controllers, these parameters affects the controller performance in term of speed, accuracy and stability. Hence, scaling factors are optimized by using Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm. Numerical simulations are carried out to highlight the tracking control performance of the fuzzy-MPPT using PSO algorithm for tuning the scaling factors. Then the optimized FLC is applied to DC-DC Boost converter.This paper provides reliable information on the performance of the optimized fuzzy-MPPT strategy which can be used by system designers to improve the overall efficiency and reduce the cost of PV system application.'

Title: 'Swarm Theory Applied To Air Traffic Flow Management'
Author: 'Sergio'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912006965
Abstract: 'AbstractThe goal of air Traffic Flow Management (TFM) is to balance demand against capacity in order to reduce inefficiencies. As an optimization problem TFM poses a number of difficult challenges. From the airline perspective the solutions should minimize the aggregate delay time relative to the scheduled time that is used by airlines to drive their operations. TFM must take into account air traffic control restrictions used to maintain aircraft separation and changes in capacity due to weather disruptions. In current operations TFM is done based on a centralized approach that relies on predictions and that does not integrate airline preferences. Combinatorial optimization techniques to solve the multi-objective traffic flow optimization problem are not practical; the vast number of variables and the exceedingly large Pareto front associated with the solution space generates a combinatorial explosion that makes the approach completely intractable. This paper presents a different approach to TFM, inspired in swarm theory, that converts pilots into goal seeking agents that individually find local solutions to the optimization problem and as a whole the collective action of agents creates emergent behavior that naturally tends to converge on its own to a Pareto efficient state.'

Title: 'Synchronized Communication in a Set of Autonomous Mobile Robots Using Bluetooth Technology\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Keltoum'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091503522X
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents the implementation of a communication system Bluetooth for synchronous communication between autonomous robots moving between predefined appointments points. Every robot executes individual tasks such as navigation and obstacle avoidance. Also, it executes global tasks such as synchronization for a pair of robots appointments in predetermined points and a synchronous communication establishment. A full-duplex communication algorithm between two Lego Mindstorms robots, in a configuration Master - Slave, was developed and implemented using the Java language and Lejos technology. To establish a synchronous communication between master robot and slave robot into a bounded time, we modeled the system using P-temporal Petri nets can represent parallel systems under time constraints to calculate the waiting time maximum of each robot on his appointment point.'

Title: 'Optimum path planning of mobile robot in unknown static and dynamic environments using Fuzzy-Wind Driven Optimization algorithm'
Author: 'Anish'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214914716300824
Abstract: 'AbstractThis article introduces a singleton type-1 fuzzy logic system (T1-SFLS) controller and Fuzzy-WDO hybrid for the autonomous mobile robot navigation and collision avoidance in an unknown static and dynamic environment. The WDO (Wind Driven Optimization) algorithm is used to optimize and tune the input/output membership function parameters of the fuzzy controller. The WDO algorithm is working based on the atmospheric motion of infinitesimal small air parcels navigates over an N-dimensional search domain. The performance of this proposed technique has compared through many computer simulations and real-time experiments by using Khepera-III mobile robot. As compared to the T1-SFLS controller the Fuzzy-WDO algorithm is found good agreement for mobile robot navigation.'

Title: 'Finding Objects with Segmentation Strategy based Multi Robot Exploration in Unknown Environment\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Reza'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187704281303721X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper we address exploration algorithm in flat experimental environment with colored objects for multi robots system. The aim of exploration in unknown environment is finding target points like mine detection in outdoor environment without any positioning device. Two algorithms were investigated in this paper one is frontier based random search algorithm and the second is efficient algorithm based on segmentation strategy. To improve efficiency, each robot had to go to different regions to avoid cumulating robots in one region. Constructed maps for all four regions could be shared and navigation could be done more effectively. For constructing map robot can use on built range finder sensor or using vision based systems. Also the algorithm using segmentation strategy is using frontier base algorithm for exploring divided area. Both algorithm implemented and analyzed in Player/Stage simulation. The result was compared and showed the efficiency of the designed algorithm based segmentation strategy. In simulation this algorithm is tested with different number of robots to achieve better view of efficiency for proposed algorithm in different type of environment like harsh environment as possibility of losing some robots.'

Title: 'Dynamic Heterogeneous Team Formation for Robotic Urban Search and Rescue\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Tyler'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913006170
Abstract: 'AbstractThough much work on coalition formation and maintenance exists from the standpoint of abstract agents, this has not yet translated well to the realm of physically grounded robots. Most multi-robot research has focused on pre-formed teams, with little attention to the formation and maintenance of the team itself. While this is plausible in forgiving domains, it fails rapidly in challenging environments where equipment is lost or broken easily, such as urban search and rescue. This paper describes the team management elements of a framework for coordinating a changing collection of heterogeneous robots operating in complex and dynamic environments such as disaster zones. Our framework helps a team to reshape itself to compensate for lost or failed robots, including adding newly-encountered robots or additions from other teams, and also allows new teams to be formed dynamically starting from an individual robot. We evaluate our framework through an example implementation where robots perform exploration in order to locate victims in a simulated disaster environment.'

Title: 'Cooperative Transportation of Aload Using Nonholonomic Mobile Robots'
Author: 'Chia Choon'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812026550
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents an application of multi-robot system using nonholonomic wheeled mobile robots. These robots cooperate with each other to transport a single load which is carried without any rigid connections. Each mobile robot has a mechanical platform which consists of compliant structures to hold the load during transportation. Instead of direct communication, physical interactions are exploited as the main way of information exchange among the mobile robots. Local sensors are utilized to sense physical changes which are needed for feedback control of the mobile robots. The control system is fully decentralized and it supportsscalabilityofthemulti-robot system.Thedesigned control solutionwas tested extensivelyinsimulationand experiments were carried out to show the effectiveness of the controller.'

Title: 'Application of Particle Swarm Optimization for Optimizing the Process Parameters in Turning of PEEK CF30 Composites\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'I.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017316000451
Abstract: 'AbstractThis work deals with optimization of multiple characteristics in Computer Numerical Control (CNC) turning of reinforced Poly Ether Ether Ketone (PEEK CF30) with TiN coated tools under dry condition. The considered criteria included specific cutting pressure, machining force and cutting power. Three controllable factors of the turning process consisting of cutting speed, depth of cut and feed rate were incorporated. Taguchi design of experiments method was used to arrange the experimentation task. The developed response surface models were then employed with particle swarm optimization (PSO) to optimize the cutting conditions. PSO program gives the minimum values of the considered criteria and the corresponding optimal cutting conditions.'

Title: 'Model of Collaborative UAV Swarm Toward Coordination and Control Mechanisms Study\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Xueping'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915010820
Abstract: 'AbstractIn recent years, thanks to the low cost of deploying, maintaining an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) system and the possibility to operating them in areas inaccessible or dangerous for human pilots, UAVs have attracted much research attention both in the military field and civilian application. In order to deal with more sophisticated tasks, such as searching survival points, multiple target monitoring and tracking, the application of UAV swarms is forseen. This requires more complex control, communication and coordination mechanisms. However, these mechanisms are difficult to test and analyze under flight dynamic conditions. These multi- UAV scenarios are by their nature well suited to be modeled and simulated as multi-agent systems. The first step of modeling an multi-agent system is to construct the model of agent, namely accurate model to represent its behavior, constraints and uncertainties of UAVs. In this paper we introduce our approach to model an UAV as an agent in terms of multi-agent system principle. Construction of the model to satisfy the need for a simulation environment that researchers can use to evaluate and analyze swarm control mechanisms. Simulations results of a case study is provided to demonstrate one potential use of this approach.'

Title: 'Performance Comparison of Differential Evolution and Particle Swarm Optimization in Constrained Optimization'
Author: 'Mahmud'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812027178
Abstract: 'AbstractOptimization appears in many aspects of engineering problems. There are quite numbers of modern optimization algorithms proposed in the last two decades to solve optimization problems. Particle swarm optimization (PSO) and differential evolution (DE) are among the well-known modern optimization algorithms. This paper presents a comparative study for min-max constrained optimization using PSO and DE. Here, the constrained optimization is represented by some selected standard benchmark functions. A new constraint handling and stopping criterion technique is also adopted in the optimization algorithm. Generally, in terms of repeatability and the quality of the obtained solutions, DE outperforms PSO.'

Title: 'A \xe2\x80\x9cthermodynamic\xe2\x80\x9d approach to multi-robot cooperative localization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yotam'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S030439751200655X
Abstract: 'AbstractWe propose a new approach to the simultaneous cooperative localization of a very large group of simple robots capable of performing dead-reckoning and sensing the relative position of nearby robots. In the last decade, the use of distributed optimal Kalman filters (KF) to address this problem has been studied extensively. In this paper, we propose to use a very simple encounter based averaging process (denoted by EA). The idea behind EA is the following: every time two robots meet, they simply average their location estimates.We assume that two robots meet whenever they are close enough to allow relative location estimation and communication. At each meeting event, the robots average their location estimations thus reducing the localization error. Naturally, the frequency of the meetings affects the localization quality. The meetings are determined by the robots\xe2\x80\x99 movement pattern. In this work we consider movement patterns which are \xe2\x80\x9cwell mixing\xe2\x80\x9d, i.e. every robot meets other robots and eventually all of the robots frequently. For such a movement pattern, the time course of the expected localization error is derived. We prove that EA is asymptotically optimal and requires significantly less computation and communication resources than KF.'

Title: 'Optimization of an Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems by Swarm Intelligence\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Simon'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705815005251
Abstract: 'AbstractAutomated storage and retrieval systems (AS/RS) need to execute complex combinatorial and sorting tasks. In this study we have shown how to plan AS/RS using multiple objective ant colony optimisation (ACO). The distribution of products in the AS/RS is based on the factor of inquiry (FOI), product height (PH), storage space usage (SSU) and path to dispatch (PD). The factor of inquiry for any product can be adjusted during the storage process in regard to actual market requirements. In order to reduce space consumption and minimise investment costs we chose an AS/RS with no corridors and one single elevator for multiple products. Results show that the expected distribution of products was reached and that ACO can be successfully used for planning automated storage systems.'

Title: 'The SwarmItFix Pilot\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Keerthi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917303323
Abstract: 'AbstractThe paper presents the integration and experiments with a pilot cell including a traditional machine tool and an innovative robot-swarm cooperative conformable support for aircraft body panels. The pilot was installed and tested in the premises of the aircraft manufacturer Piaggio Aerospace in Italy. An original approach to the support of the panels is realized: robots with soft heads operate from below the panel; they move upward the panel where manufacturing is performed, removing the sagging under gravity and returning it to its nominal geometry; the spindle of amilling machine performs the machining from above.'

Title: 'Optimal probabilistic ring exploration by semi-synchronous oblivious robots'
Author: 'St\xc3\xa9phane'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S030439751300443X
Abstract: 'AbstractWe consider a team of k identical, oblivious, and semi-synchronous mobile robots that are able to sense (i.e., view) their environment, yet are unable to communicate, and evolve on a constrained path. Previous results in this weak scenario show that initial symmetry yields high lower bounds when problems are to be solved by deterministic robots.In this paper, we initiate research on probabilistic bounds and solutions in this context, and focus on the exploration problem of anonymous unoriented rings of any size n. It is known that k=\xce\x98(logn) deterministic robots are necessary and sufficient to solve the problem, provided that k and n are coprime. By contrast, we show that four identical probabilistic robots are necessary and sufficient to solve the same problem, also removing the coprime constraint. Our positive results are constructive.'

Title: 'A Comparison of the Manufacturing Resilience between Fixed Automation Systems and Mobile Robots in Large Structure Assembly\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Spartak'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116311957
Abstract: 'AbstractThe modern manufacturing industry is undergoing major transformations due to global competition and rapidly changing market demands. Traditional systems with rigid structures are very difficult to reconfigure every time a change in production is required. A promising alternative to these is seen in mobile, self-organising manufacturing systems, where self-deploying and independent entities such as mobile robots are used to facilitate a more reconfigurable assembly process. In addition, an integral part of manufacturing is the transportation of components within the manufacturing environment. Conveyor systems are often unsuitable for moving components that are large, heavy or awkward, making them difficult to use in large structure assembly. Currently, such components are commonly transported by cranes to dedicated automation systems which are seen as expensive and unadaptable. In this paper we investigate the differences in resilience to variations between a set of mobile robots and the widely accepted fixed automation systems under different conditions. Therefore, instead of transporting components or parts to manufacturing equipment we analyse the potential benefits of transporting the equipment to the large parts. By means of simulations, the two systems are compared to one-another in scenarios of identical part arrival times and part processing capacities. Assuming equal production rates, we assess their ability to respond to (1) rush orders, (2) fluctuating arrival times and (3) production mix variations. Currently, there are no specific algorithms for process control of such mobile systems. For this reason we apply the First-In-First-Out task-selection rule. We present a comparison of resilience measures between the systems.'

Title: 'A Winner Determination Algorithm for Combinatorial Auctions Based on Hybrid Artificial Fish Swarm Algorithm'
Author: 'Genrang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389212007080
Abstract: 'AbstractThe problem of winner determination in combinatorial auctions is a hotspot electronic business, and a NP hard problem. A Hybrid Artificial Fish Swarm Algorithm(HAFSA), which is combined with First Suite Heuristic Algorithm (FSHA) and Artificial Fish Swarm Algorithm (AFSA), is proposed to solve the problem after probing it base on the theories of AFSA. Experiment results show that the HAFSA is a rapidly and efficient algorithm for The problem of winner determining. Compared with Ant colony Optimization Algorithm, it has a good performance with broad and prosperous application.'

Title: 'Design and Development of Remote Controlled Autonomous Synchronic Hexaroter Aerial (ASHA) Robot\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Atul Kumar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017314000449
Abstract: 'AbstractAutonomous Aerial Robots have gained their popularity due to economic production, flexibility of launch and variety of applications. In this paper a new approach for development of Autonomous Synchronic Hexaroter Aerial (ASHA) robot is presented. The robot uses six powerful brushless DC motors, high impact resin polymer propeller, electronic speed controller (ESC), a flight controller and a RC controller. The new design is verified on the grounds of structural stability, dynamic analysis, directional flexibility and active controlling which gives a stable flight for longer duration (approximately 25\xc2\xa0minutes), hovering effect and improved load carrying capacity up to 3.4\xc2\xa0kg which broadened its application.'

Title: 'System design of a litter collecting robot'
Author: 'G. Maarten'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912000907
Abstract: 'AbstractLitter in public places is a serious problem. Not only because of the obvious dirtiness, but also because litter attracts more litter and can cause the winding down of an area leading to large negative financial and social consequences. To avoid this, public areas have been kept clean by humans. In this paper, we apply systems architecting and engineering techniques and among others a tool from TRIZ in a multidisciplinary student project. Goal is to develop a Litter Collecting Robot for operation in public places. Through an investigation of the litter problem and subsequent development of a product vision, we plan four scenarios for robotic cleaning. The paper treats the litter problem, the architecting phase, and will show innovative technical details, including a working integrated result: a proof of principle of the robot. The project was executed by students from various disciplines, supervised by two University staff members. On a meta-level \xe2\x80\x93regarding systems design and engineering\xe2\x80\x93 the combination of systems architecting and engineering principles, TRIZ tools, FunKey architecting and multidisciplinary communication will be treated.'

Title: 'Satellite Attitude Tracking Controller Optimization Based on Particle Swarm Optimization'
Author: 'Shi-Ming'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811016018
Abstract: 'AbstractParametric design of satellite tracking controller is an essential for almost modern satellites. To avoid selecting parameters by traditional experience, particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is proposed to optimize the parameters of satellite attitude tracking controller, which is a radial basis function neural network based sliding mode controller. The mechanism of sharing information among particles is introduced to obtain solution. Numerical simulation results show that PSO can reach the optimal solution within 20 iterations. By updating the position and velocity of particles to seek solutions, PSO provides strong global search ability and convergent performance.'

Title: 'Robot Task Allocation Using Signal Propagation Model\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Ma\xc5\x82gorzata'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913004614
Abstract: 'AbstractThe problem of Multi-Robot Task Allocation has received significant attention over last years. The solutions with decentralized decision making have proven better durability than those using centralized planning. In this paper a method which does not use any explicit communication is presented. It is especially suitable for very high dynamics of tasks priorities, when other methods must often perform time-consuming replanning. The method uses a simple model of signal emission and propagation in the environment. Simulation experiments are provided to demonstrate usability and interesting features of the method.'

Title: 'Remembering without memory: Tree exploration by asynchronous oblivious robots'
Author: 'Paola'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397510000101
Abstract: 'AbstractIn an effort to understand the algorithmic limitations of computing by a swarm of robots, the research has focused on the minimal capabilities that allow a problem to be solved. The weakest of the commonly used models is Asynch where the autonomous mobile robots, endowed with visibility sensors (but otherwise unable to communicate), operate in Look-Compute-Move cycles performed asynchronously for each robot. The robots are often assumed (or required to be) oblivious: they keep no memory of observations and computations made in previous cycles.We consider the setting when the robots are dispersed in an anonymous and unlabeled graph, and they must perform the very basic task of exploration: within finite time every node must be visited by at least one robot and the robots must enter a quiescent state. The complexity measure of a solution is the number of robots used to perform the task.We study the case when the graph is an arbitrary tree and establish some unexpected results. We first prove that, in general, exploration cannot be done efficiently. More precisely we prove that there are n-node trees where \xce\xa9(n) robots are necessary; this holds even if the maximum degree is 4. On the other hand, we show that if the maximum degree is 3, it is possible to explore with only O(lognloglogn) robots. The proof of the result is constructive. We also prove that the size of the team used in our solution is asymptotically optimal: there are trees of degree 3, whose exploration requires \xce\xa9(lognloglogn) robots. Our final result shows that the difficulty in tree exploration comes in fact from the symmetries of the tree. Indeed, we show that, in order to explore trees that do not have any non-trivial automorphisms, 4 robots are always sufficient and often necessary.'

Title: 'Robot ethics: Mapping the issues for a mechanized world'
Author: 'Patrick'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370211000178
Abstract: 'AbstractAs with other emerging technologies, advanced robotics brings with it new ethical and policy challenges. This paper will describe the flourishing role of robots in society\xe2\x80\x94from security to sex\xe2\x80\x94and survey the numerous ethical and social issues, which we locate in three broad categories: safety & errors, law & ethics, and social impact. We discuss many of these issues in greater detail in our forthcoming edited volume on robot ethics from MIT Press.'

Title: 'Developing Concepts for Improved Efficiency of Robot Work Preparation\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827113002941
Abstract: 'AbstractSInBot[1] is a large research project that focuses on maximizing the efficient use of mobile industrial robots during medium sized production runs. The system that will be described in this paper will focusses on the development and validation of concepts for efficient work preparation for cells of intelligent mobile robots that execute medium sized production runs. For a wide range of products, the machining tasks will be defined on an appropriate level, enabling control over the robots behavior and performance. When the system, system operator, and robots have more experience with a product the system can be controlled on a higher level (i.e. the subsystems or even robots can start allocating and executing tasks by themselves). Different test beds are used to test the diversity of aspects involved in the development of the SInBot system. The initial test bed used for this research is a combination of two Lynxmotion AL5D robots and a Samsung SUR40 multi-touch environment. In this paper, novel work preparation concepts will be described and an experiment setup is proposed to validate the model for definition and generation of tasks from a CAD file.'

Title: 'Hybrid Artificial Glowworm Swarm Optimization Algorithm for Solving Multi-dimensional Knapsack Problem'
Author: 'Qiaoqiao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811020431
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a hybrid artificially glowworm swarm optimization algorithm to solve multidimensional 0-1 knapsack problem is proposed. The algorithm utilizes two important strategies, how to select the item based on its unit volume value and the binary glowworm swarm optimization algorithm, 37 multidimensional 0-1 knapsack test instances are tested by the produced algorithm, The integrated performance of the produced algorithm is rather satisfied, and the hybrid glowworm swarm optimization algorithm is rather efficient for solving multidimensional 0-1 knapsack problem.'

Title: 'The European Future Technologies Conference and Exhibition 2011Locomotion Gait Optimization For Modular Robots; Coevolving Morphology and Control'
Author: 'Soha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050911006442
Abstract: 'AbstractThis study aims at providing a control-learning framework capable of generating optimal locomotion patterns for the modular robots. The key ideas are firstly to provide a generic control structure that can be well-adapted for the different morphologies and secondly to exploit and coevolve both morphology and control aspects. A generic framework combining robot morphology, control and environment and on the top of them optimization and evolutionary algorithms are presented. The details of the components and some of the preliminary results are discussed.'

Title: 'Multi Robot Area Exploration Using Circle Partitioning Method'
Author: 'Upma'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187770581202574X
Abstract: 'AbstractExploration of an unknown area is an important topic in multi robot system. Due to its various applications it gains the concern of various researchers. In this paper an approach that is based on circle partitioning method for workload sharing is proposed. Unknown area is partitioned into sub regions equal to the number of available robots, each robot is assigned to different sub region and then the team of mobile robots starts exploration. The aim is to decrease the exploration time. A popular concept for the exploration problem i.e. based on the notion of frontiers has been used. The proposed algorithm has been tested in a set of environments with different level of complexity depending on number of obstacles. This can be used in real world for search and rescue operations where time is a major constraint.'

Title: 'Mechanical strength of chunk-based printed parts for cooperative 3D printing'
Author: 'Laxmi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978918307996
Abstract: 'AbstractCooperative 3D printing is an emerging technology that envisions a large number of mobile 3D printing robots working cooperatively to finish a print job. To support the cooperative 3D printing, we have developed a chunk-based printing approach. In chunk-based printing, the workpiece is first divided into small chunks and then the chunks are allocated to an army of robots for printing. Although the chunk-based printing has demonstrated its capability in speeding up the printing process and scaling up the printing size, the bond strength at chunk joint is still unclear. The lack of this knowledge limits the potentials of the chunk-based printing. To this end, we assess the tensile strength of chunk-printed parts and compare their strength against those normally printed by traditional layer-based 3D printing. We first identify the parameters associated with chunk-based printing, such as the chunk slope angle and the chunk overlapping depth, which can directly influence the bond strength. Then, the design of experiment is performed based on different combinations of these parameters. Based on the experimental results, we conclude that the existence of chunk joint will not weaken the strength for the chunk-based printed parts under the proper selection of chunk-based printing parameters. The results therefore prove the validity of the chunk-based printing and provides the fundamental knowledge support for the chunk-based cooperative 3D printing of the future.'

Title: 'The European Future Technologies Conference and Exhibition 2011Building Simple Formations in Large Societies of Tiny Mobile Robots\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Bastian'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050911006090
Abstract: 'AbstractWe envision that in the future lots of tasks that are handled nowadays by few but complex mobile robots will be performed by huge swarms of tiny robots. This way the system becomes more robust against single failures and cheaper, since the robots can be very simple. As a prerequisite, the robots have to be able to form given formations in order to organise their work. We review new strategies that perform the task of building a simple line with robots that are limited to see only their direct surrounding. As energy is the main limiting factor, we analyse how the two main energy consumers (energy for sensing and energy for motion) are affected by our algorithms.'

Title: 'ReviewOf robot ants and elephants: A computational comparison'
Author: 'Asaf'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397511005536
Abstract: 'AbstractIn the robotics community, there exist implicit assumptions concerning the computational capabilities of robots. Two computational classes of robots emerge as focal points of recent research: robot ants and robot elephants. Ants have poor memory and communication capabilities, but are able to communicate using pheromones, in effect, turning their work area into a shared memory. By comparison, elephants are computationally stronger, have large memory, and are equipped with strong sensing and communication capabilities. Unfortunately, not much is known about the relation between the capabilities of these models in terms of the tasks they can address. In this paper, we present formal models of both ants and elephants, and investigate if one dominates the other. We present two algorithms: AntEater, which allows elephant robots to execute ant algorithms and ElephantGun, which converts elephant algorithms\xe2\x80\x93specified as Turing machines\xe2\x80\x93into ant algorithms. By exploring the computational capabilities of these algorithms, we reach interesting conclusions regarding the computational power of both models.'

Title: 'Leader connectivity management and flocking velocity optimization using the particle swarm optimization method'
Author: 'S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309812001861
Abstract: 'AbstractFlocking through leader following structures in mobile networks raises attractive control problems. Due to limited sensing radii, leaders locally influence a network of agents. In this paper, we consider the problem of real-time maximization of flocking velocity. By using local information and a Particle-Swarm-Optimization (PSO) algorithm, a Leader Agent (LA) actively motivates flocking at high speed. The LA manages topology of the network in its neighborhood and increases flocking velocity. PSO output quality and calculation costs show that the proposed optimization algorithm is practically feasible. A case-study is also presented.'

Title: 'A New Paradigm for Robotic Rovers'
Author: 'P.E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389211005979
Abstract: 'AbstractWe are in the process of developing rovers with extreme mobility needed to explore remote, rugged terrain. We call these systems Tetrahedral Explorer Technologies (TETs). Architecture is based on conformable tetrahedra, the simplest space\xe2\x80\x93filling form, as building blocks, single or networked, where apices act as nodes from which struts reversibly deploy. The tetrahedral framework acts as a simple skeletal muscular structure. We have already prototyped a simple robotic walker from a single reconfigurable tetrahedron capable of tumbling and a more evolved 12Tetrahedral Walker, the Autonomous Landed Investigator (ALI), which has interior nodes for payload, more continuous motion, and is commandable through a user friendly interface. ALI is an EMS level mission concept which would allow autonomous in situ exploration of the lunar poles within the next decade. ALI would consist of one or more 12tetrahedral walkers capable of rapid locomotion with the many degrees of freedom and equipped for navigation in the unilluminated, inaccessible and thus largely unexplored rugged terrains where lunar resources are likely to be found: the Polar Regions. ALI walkers would act as roving reconnaissance teams for unexplored regions, analyzing samples along the way.'

Title: 'Research on Identification Method of Kinematics for Space Robot'
Author: 'Wang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812005085
Abstract: 'AbstractAs the space environment and other factors, the space robot kinematic parameters will be some changes while running in the orbit. In order to improve the positioning accuracy of space robots a kinematics parameters identification method is proposed which combining linear simplification with nonlinear optimization, using a combined identification strategy of least squares algorithm with the PSO algorithm. In the initial phase, the nonlinear model is identified off-line using the (Particle Swarm Optimization) PSO algorithm. While in the follow-up mission, the kinematic parameters do not change much, the least squares method is used for online identification. This method can satisfy the identification accuracy in conditions of large deviations, and to achieve kinematic parameters online identification. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of the method.'

Title: 'Two-robot source seeking with point measurements\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yotam'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397512006536
Abstract: 'AbstractA source-seeking process for a pair of simple, low capability robots using only point measurements is proposed and analyzed. The robots are assumed to be memoryless, to lack the capability of performing complex computations and to have no direct communication abilities. Their only implicit form of communication is by sensing their relative position and the only response of a robot to the point measurement it makes is by moving to adjust its distance to the other robot according to a predetermined rule. The proposed algorithm is robust: we prove that the algorithm performs correctly even when the robots frequently err due to noisy sensor readings.'

Title: 'Success Rate of Creatures Crossing a Highway as a Function of Model Parameters\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Anna T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916307487
Abstract: 'AbstractIn modeling swarms of autonomous robots, individual robots may be identified as cognitive agents. We describe a model of population of simple cognitive agents, na\xc3\xafve creatures, learning to safely cross a cellular automaton based highway. These creatures have the ability to learn from each other by evaluating if creatures in the past were successful in crossing the highway for their current situation. The creatures use \xe2\x80\x9cobservational social learning\xe2\x80\x9d mechanism in their decision to cross the highway or not. The model parameters heavily influence the learning outcomes examined through the collected simulation metrics. We study how these parameters, in particular the knowledge base, influence the creatures\xe2\x80\x99 success rate of crossing the highway.'

Title: 'African Buffalo Optimization: A Swarm-Intelligence Technique\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Julius Beneoluchi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915037928
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper proposes a new optimization technique called the African Buffalo Optimization. The African Buffalo Optimization (ABO) draws its inspiration from the behavior of African buffalos in the vast African forests and savannahs. African buffalos are a wild species of domestic cattle and are always mobile tracking the rainy seasons in different parts of Africa in search of lush green pastures to satisfy their large appetites. Our interest is in their organizational ability through two basic sounds in search of solutions. Experiments carried out using this novel algorithm in solving some benchmark Travelling Salesman's Problem when compared with the results from some popular optimization algorithms show that the ABO was not only able to obtain better solutions but at a faster speed."

Title: 'Static and expanding grid coverage with ant robots: Complexity results'
Author: 'Yaniv'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397511003719
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper we study the strengths and limitations of collaborative teams of simple agents. In particular, we discuss the efficient use of \xe2\x80\x9cant robots\xe2\x80\x9d for covering a connected region on the Z2 grid, whose area is unknown in advance, and which expands at a given rate, where n is the initial size of the connected region. We show that regardless of the algorithm used, and the robots\xe2\x80\x99 hardware and software specifications, the minimal number of robots required in order for such a coverage to be possible is \xce\xa9(n). In addition, we show that when the region expands at a sufficiently slow rate, a team of \xce\x98(n) robots could cover it in at most O(n2lnn) time. This completion time can even be achieved by myopic robots, with no ability to directly communicate with each other, and where each robot is equipped with a memory of size O(1) bits w.r.t. the size of the region (therefore, the robots cannot maintain maps of the terrain, nor plan complete paths). Regarding the coverage of non-expanding regions in the grid, we improve the current best known result of O(n2) by demonstrating an algorithm that guarantees such a coverage with completion time of O(1kn1.5+n) in the worst case, and faster for shapes of perimeter length which is shorter than O(n).'

Title: 'Arbitrary pattern formation by asynchronous, anonymous, oblivious robots\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Paola'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508005379
Abstract: 'AbstractFrom an engineering point of view, the problem of coordinating a set of autonomous, mobile robots for the purpose of cooperatively performing a task has been studied extensively over the past decade. In contrast, in this paper we aim to understand the fundamental algorithmic limitations on what a set of autonomous mobile robots can or cannot achieve. We therefore study a hard task for a set of weak robots. The task is for the robots in the plane to form any arbitrary pattern that is given in advance. This task is fundamental in the sense that if the robots can form any pattern, they can agree on their respective roles in a subsequent, coordinated action. The robots are weak in several aspects. They are anonymous; they cannot explicitly communicate with each other, but only observe the positions of the others; they cannot remember the past; they operate in a very strong form of asynchronicity.We show that the tasks that such a system of robots can perform depend strongly on their common agreement about their environment, i.e. the readings of their environment sensors. If the robots have no common agreement about their environment, they cannot form an arbitrary pattern. If each robot has a compass needle that indicates North (the robot world is a flat surface, and compass needles are parallel), then any odd number of robots can form an arbitrary pattern, but an even number cannot (in the worst case). If each robot has two independent compass needles, say North and East, then any set of robots can form any pattern.'

Title: 'Bio-inspired computing: Algorithms review, deep analysis, and the scope of applications'
Author: 'Ashraf'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2314728818300631
Abstract: 'AbstractBio-inspired computing represents the umbrella of different studies of computer science, mathematics, and biology in the last years. Bio-inspired computing optimization algorithms is an emerging approach which is based on the principles and inspiration of the biological evolution of nature to develop new and robust competing techniques. In the last years, the bio-inspired optimization algorithms are recognized in machine learning to address the optimal solutions of complex problems in science and engineering. However, these problems are usually nonlinear and restricted to multiple nonlinear constraints which propose many problems such as time requirements and high dimensionality to find the optimal solution. To tackle the problems of the traditional optimization algorithms, the recent trends tend to apply bio-inspired optimization algorithms which represent a promising approach for solving complex optimization problems. This paper presents state-of-art of nine of recent bio-inspired algorithms, gap analysis, and its applications namely; Genetic Bee Colony (GBC) Algorithm, Fish Swarm Algorithm (FSA), Cat Swarm Optimization (CSO), Whale Optimization Algorithm (WOA), Artificial Algae Algorithm (AAA), Elephant Search Algorithm (ESA), Chicken Swarm Optimization Algorithm (CSOA), Moth flame optimization (MFO), and Grey Wolf Optimization (GWO) algorithm. The previous related works are collected from Scopus databases are presented. Also, we explore some key issues in optimization and some applications for further research. We also analyze in-depth discussions the essence of these algorithms and their connections to self-organization and its applications in different areas of research are presented. As a result, the proposed analysis of these algorithms leads to some key problems that have to be addressed in the future.'

Title: 'Shadow detecting using particle swarm optimization and the Kolmogorov test'
Author: 'Chao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122111005323
Abstract: 'AbstractAn algorithm combining both gray level information and geometric features is introduced to detect cast shadows in gray level images. A simply connected candidate shadow region and a corresponding region are segmented by setting gray level thresholds, and neighbor-matching regions are constructed with a mathematical morphological algorithm. A shadow\xe2\x80\x93non-shadow region pair is obtained from the result of Kolmogorov test for statistical features of both candidate neighbor-matching regions. Shadow regions are obtained by selecting the region with relatively lower average gray level from the matched region pair. The particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is used to facilitate the feature extraction during the matching process. Experimental results showed the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm for cast shadow detecting in a single gray level image.'

Title: 'Strengths and synergies of evolved and designed controllers: A study within collective robotics'
Author: 'Gianluca'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370209000022
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper analyses the strengths and weaknesses of self-organising approaches, such as evolutionary robotics, and direct design approaches, such as behaviour-based controllers, for the production of autonomous robots' controllers, and shows how the two approaches can be usefully combined. In particular, the paper proposes a method for encoding evolved neural-network based behaviours into motor schema-based controllers and then shows how these controllers can be modified and combined to produce robots capable of solving new tasks. The method has been validated in the context of a collective robotics scenario in which a group of physically assembled simulated autonomous robots are requested to produce different forms of coordinated behaviours (e.g., coordinated motion, walled-arena exiting, and light pursuing)."

Title: 'Oracle-based flocking of mobile robots in crash-recovery model\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Samia'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397510006225
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper considers a system of autonomous mobile robots that can move freely in a two-dimensional plane, and where a number of them can fail by crashing. The crash of a robot can be either permanent or temporary, that is, after its crash the robot either executes no action or it recovers from its failure. These robots repeatedly go through a succession of activation cycles during which they observe the environment, compute a destination and move. In particular, we assume weak robots, in the sense that robots cannot communicate explicitly between each other. Also, they cannot remember their past computations (i.e., they are oblivious). Finally, robots do not agree on a common coordinate system.In this paper, we address the fault-tolerant flocking problem under the crash-recovery model. That is, starting from any initial configuration, a group of non-faulty robots are required to form a desired pattern, and move together while following a robot leader moving on some trajectory, and keeping such a pattern in movement. Specifically, we propose a fault-tolerant flocking algorithm in the semi-synchronous model that allows correct robots to dynamically form a regular polygon in finite time, and maintain it in movement infinitely often. Our algorithm relies on the existence of two devices, namely an eventually perfect failure detector device to ensure failure detection, and also an eventual leader device to handle leader election. The algorithm tolerates permanent crash failures, and also crash-recovery failures of robots due to its oblivious feature. The proposed algorithm ensures the necessary restrictions on the movement of robots in order to avoid collisions between them. In addition, it is robust with respect to changes in the environment.'

Title: 'The European Future Technologies Conference and Exhibition 2011Co-evolution of Morphology and Control of a Wearable Robot for Human Locomotion Assistance Exploiting Variable Impedance Actuators'
Author: 'Jesse'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091100603X
Abstract: 'AbstractThe basic idea underlying this research is that the performances of wearable robots (WR) might be improved by optimizing the dynamics of the system comprised of the robot and the human body wearing it. This problem is not amenable to analytical investigations, and it asks for suitable numerical techniques able to simultaneously account for both robot mechanical structure dynamics and control laws. This paper presents on-going research efforts oriented to demonstrate a novel methodology for the design of an active lower limbs orthosis.'

Title: 'Mathematical Modelling and Short-term Forecasting of Electricity Consumption of the Power System, with Due Account of Air Temperature and Natural Illumination, Based on Support Vector Machine and Particle Swarm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'I.I.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705815039715
Abstract: 'AbstractThe goal of this paper is to describe a forecasting model for the hourly electricity load. The model takes into account the meteorological factors (temperature and natural illumination) in the area covered by the Rostov utility dispatcher. In this study, support vector machine (SVM) with particle swarm optimization (PSO) were used to forecast electricity consumption. To get more accurate evaluation of the results of SVM model, the standard measures for quantitative evaluation of statistical performance and mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) were employed to evaluate the performance of various models developed. The results also suggest that the SVM method can be successfully applied to the forecasting model for the hourly electricity consumption in the area covered by the Rostov utility dispatcher.'

Title: 'A Path Planning Algorithm of Mobile Robot in Known 3D Environment'
Author: 'Jiahai'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811015335
Abstract: 'AbstractFor path planning problem of mobile robot in a known three-dimensional (3D) environment, proposed a path planning algorithm. Firstly, rasterize the known three-dimensional environment. Established the running costs estimate model for the grids from starting point to the target. Using the model to estimate the running costs for each grid. Then used A* search algorithm to calculate the grid path from starting to target with lowest running costs. By detectives of mobile robot, we planned an optimum path under the constraints of grids using hill climbing algorithm. Simulated results show that the algorithm can reduce the uphill or downhill times and running costs improve security, avoid the problem of local minimum. It is simple and robustness.\xe2\x80\x99'

Title: 'Compliant Motion Control for Handling a Single Object by Two Similar Industrial Robots'
Author: 'Hanene'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812027129
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we propose a compliant motion control strategy for handling a single object by two similar industrial robots. The dynamics of the object carried by the two robots is assimilated to the dynamics of a mass-spring-damper system described by a piecewise linear model (PWA). The coordination of the two robots is accomplished using a master slave synchronization approach dedicated for PWA systems, based on the Lyapunov theory, and solved via Linear Matrix Inequalities (LMIs). The performances of the proposed approach are proved by simulation results and compared to a related approach with larger stability criteria.'

Title: 'Minimum time path planning of robotic manipulator in drilling/spot welding tasks'
Author: 'Qiang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2288430015000755
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2In this paper, an optimization strategy is proposed for solving minimum time manufacturing path planning in multi points manufacturing tasks.\xe2\x80\xa2According to the start-stop movement in drilling/spot welding task, the path planning problem is converted into a traveling salesman problem (TSP) and a series of point to point minimum time transfer path planning problems.\xe2\x80\xa2Cubic Hermite interpolation polynomial is used to parameterize the transfer path and then the path parameters are optimized to obtain minimum point to point transfer time.\xe2\x80\xa2A new TSP with minimum time index is constructed and then solved by using a classical genetic algorithm (GA).\xe2\x80\xa2Numerical test is executed to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.AbstractIn this paper, a minimum time path planning strategy is proposed for multi points manufacturing problems in drilling/spot welding tasks. By optimizing the travelling schedule of the set points and the detailed transfer path between points, the minimum time manufacturing task is realized under fully utilizing the dynamic performance of robotic manipulator. According to the start-stop movement in drilling/spot welding task, the path planning problem can be converted into a traveling salesman problem (TSP) and a series of point to point minimum time transfer path planning problems. Cubic Hermite interpolation polynomial is used to parameterize the transfer path and then the path parameters are optimized to obtain minimum point to point transfer time. A new TSP with minimum time index is constructed by using point-point transfer time as the TSP parameter. The classical genetic algorithm (GA) is applied to obtain the optimal travelling schedule. Several minimum time drilling tasks of a 3-DOF robotic manipulator are used as examples to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.'

Title: 'Modeling of Interpolation Methods for Robot Assisted and Freehand Ultrasound Imaging System\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Vedpal'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915037709
Abstract: 'AbstractThe 2D ultrasound is one of the popular imaging modality amongst all existing medical imaging methods such as X-Ray, MRI, CT, PET and SPECT. However, 3D ultrasound is also increasingly being used in clinical and image guidance applications such as echo cardiology and obstetrics by robot assisted probe and freehand probe, but 3D ultrasound imaging has some limitations such as lack of suitable interpolation methods that leads to wrong interpretation. To overcome this problem, this study presents a modelling approach for interpolation methods to get the better 3D results for enhanced diagnosis. For this modelling, this research mainly uses four (4) interpolation methods such as conventional Distance Weighted (DW), Improved Distance Weighted (IDW), Conventional Olympic (C-Oly) and Improved Olympic (I-Oly) interpolation methods. In order to evaluate the performance, this study used ten (10) test cases, which are testified by each interpolation method. Each method calculates a value, which would be used to fill-out the empty space during interpolation. Therefore, on the basis of obtained results, it is reported that the I-Oly method is producing more optimal results due to the lowest error rate (2.48%) and performance improvement of 26.23% as compared to other existing methods. The outcome of this research could be imparted to post-graduate level for students undertaking sensor and systems either in the robot assisted or freehand ultrasound imaging field.'

Title: 'Optimization of Steel Box Column for a Pillar-type Drilling Machine Using Particle Swarm Optimization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Ketan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017314000966
Abstract: 'AbstractThe design of any machine tool is required to possess rigidity, impact resistance and absorption or damping of vibrations. The structural member needs to be lightweight satisfying the strength requirement. This paper deals with the optimum design of thin plated steel box column of a pillar-type drilling machine. Under dynamic conditions, the maximum permissible inclination of the drill resulting from the deformation tells upon the accuracy of the hole. The existing formulation of behavioral and geometric constraint equations is solved by means of (i) Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO). The results obtained with PSO are compared with (i) exhaustive search results (ii) results obtained by using Davidon-Fletcher-Powell (DFP) method and (iii) results obtained using genetic algorithm (GA) available in the literature. The results are presented in the form of optimum values of crosssectional dimensions for minimum weight of column. The agreement and the enhancement in results indicate the fruitful application of PSO to the present case.'

Title: 'Quick guideSoft robots'
Author: 'Barry'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982213005113
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Design and performance analysis of position-based impedance control for an electrohydrostatic actuation system'
Author: 'Yongling'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936117301991
Abstract: 'AbstractElectrohydrostatic actuator (EHA) is a type of power-by-wire actuator that is widely implemented in the aerospace industry for flight control, landing gears, thrust reversers, thrust vector control, and space robots. This paper presents the development and evaluation of position-based impedance control (PBIC) for an EHA. Impedance control provides the actuator with compliance and facilitates the interaction with the environment. Most impedance control applications utilize electrical or valve-controlled hydraulic actuators, whereas this work realizes impedance control via a compact and efficient EHA. The structures of the EHA and PBIC are firstly introduced. A mathematical model of the actuation system is established, and values of its coefficients are identified by particle swarm optimization. This model facilitates the development of a position controller and the selection of target impedance parameters. A nonlinear proportional-integral position controller is developed for the EHA to achieve the accurate positioning requirement of PBIC. The controller compensates for the adverse effect of stiction, and a position accuracy of 0.08\xc2\xa0mm is attained. Various experimental results are presented to verify the applicability of PBIC to the EHA. The compliance of the actuator is demonstrated in an impact test.'

Title: 'A case-based approach for coordinated action selection in robot soccer'
Author: 'Raquel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370209000319
Abstract: 'AbstractDesigning coordinated robot behaviors in uncertain, dynamic, real-time, adversarial environments, such as in robot soccer, is very challenging. In this work we present a case-based reasoning approach for cooperative action selection, which relies on the storage, retrieval, and adaptation of example cases. We focus on cases of coordinated attacking passes between robots in the presence of the defending opponent robots. We present the case representation explicitly distinguishing between controllable and uncontrollable indexing features, corresponding to the positions of the team members and opponent robots, respectively. We use the symmetric properties of the domain to automatically augment the case library. We introduce a retrieval technique that weights the similarity of a situation in terms of the continuous ball positional features, the uncontrollable features, and the cost of moving the robots from the current situation to match the case controllable features. The case adaptation includes a best match between the positions of the robots in the past case and in the new situation. The robots are assigned an adapted position to which they move to maximize the match to the retrieved case. Case retrieval and reuse are achieved within the distributed team of robots through communication and sharing of own internal states and actions. We evaluate our approach, both in simulation and with real robots, in laboratory scenarios with two attacking robots versus two defending robots as well as versus a defender and a goalie. We show that we achieve the desired coordinated passing behavior, and also outperform a reactive action selection approach.'

Title: 'Modified Shuffled Frog Leaping Algorithm based 6DOF Motion for Underwater Mobile Robot\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Shubhasri'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017313005264
Abstract: 'AbstractOptimal path in an environment containing obstacles for underwater vehicle can be computed using a numerical solution of the nonlinear optimal control problem (NOCP). The underwater vehicle is modelled with six-dimensional nonlinear and coupled equations of motion, controlled by DC motors in all degrees of freedom. The intent of this computation is to offer a comprehensive perception of the behaviour of underwater autonomous vehicle and also to obtain the unknown parameters of the model which can be devoted in motion planning strategy of underwater robot. To execute tasks along a distinctive path in a convoluted environment, motion planning necessities to concede the underwater robot to be in motion between its current and final configurations without any collision within the encircling environment. Traditional optimization methods are not very effective to it, which are easy to plunge into local minimum. The optimization of path as well as time taken has been analysed here using modified shuffled frog leaping (SFL) optimization algorithm based on perception, cognition and sensor fusion. Path scheduling has to be executed for achieving integration of different preliminary robotic behaviours (e.g. obstacle avoidance, wall and edge following, escaping dead end and target seeking) in partially unknown territory (land or water). The optimal path is generated with this method when the robot reaches its target. The simulation studies ensure that the heuristic navigational approach possesses intelligent decision-making capabilities in negotiating hazardous terrain conditions during the under-water robot motion.'

Title: 'Design of the Locomotion and Docking System of the SwarmItFIX Mobile Fixture Agent\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Luis'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705813017372
Abstract: "AbstractThe European project SwarmItFIX has developed a new highly adaptable self-reconfiguring fixturing system which uses a swarm of mobile agents moving freely on a bench and repositioning in real time to better support the machined part. The project investigates the application of robotic multi-agent fixtures for the support of automotive and airplane body panels during their manufacturing and assembly. Each fixturing robot comprises an adjustable end effector, a parallel manipulator, and a mobile-base-docking-bench module. This paper describes the base-bench subsystem which ensures rapid and precise locomotion, as well as secure docking, of the agent during the machining process. The design addresses with particular care the need for a reliable bench-robot coupling and interface as well as the requirement for robustness of the robot's displacements despite the predicaments of the machining environment, such as flying chips, accumulated swarf, spilled fluids, and vibrations. After a brief review of the state of the art, an overview of the whole project is given. Various candidate robot-base designs and locomotion methods are considered and compared. The final design, selected on the basis of the industrial requirements, is described in detail. A prototype of the SwarmItFIX system has been realized within the project and tested on the premises of an Italian aircraft manufacturer."

Title: 'Speed limitation of a mobile robot and methodology of tracing odor plume in airflow environments'
Author: 'Ji-Gong'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811016936
Abstract: 'AbstractThe methodology of tracing odor plume via a mobile robot is considered. In this research, two typical plume-tracing methods, i.e., a zigzagging method and an upwind method, are tested in four airflow fields with different long-time average wind speeds when the robot is set to possessing four different maximum speeds. According to the simulation results, it can be deduced that the zigzagging algorithms would be efficient when the robot moves faster than the odor plume or airflow, and the upwind algorithms are preferred especially when the robot is slow.'

Title: 'Performance Analysis of Collective Adaptive Behaviour in Time and Space'
Author: 'Cheng'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1571066115000602
Abstract: 'AbstractMany systems, both natural and engineered, exhibit collective adaptive behaviour. Natural examples are swarming animals and insects, and man-made examples include swarm robots and sensor networks. Indeed many systems have both human and ICT-based agents in play, distributed over some geographical region: an informatics environment as defined by Milner. Over recent years there has been increased interest in modelling these systems in order to understand their dynamic behaviour. Here we consider the subsequent issue of how to define useful performance measures for such systems, based on consideration of a simple, intuitive example.'

Title: 'On the Adequacy of Tabu Search for Global Robot Path Planning Problem in Grid Environments\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Imen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914006668
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper investigates the capabilities of tabu search for solving the global path planning problem in grid maps. Accordingly, a tabu search system model is designed and a tabu search planner algorithm for solving the path planning problem is proposed. A comprehensive simulation study is conducted using the proposed model and algorithm, in terms of solution quality and execution time. A comparison between our results with those of A* and genetic algorithms (GA) is presented for small, medium and large-scale grid maps. Simulation results show that the tabu search planner is able to find the optimal solution for small scale environments. However, for large scale maps, it provides near-optimal solutions with small gap while ensuring shorter execution times as compared to the A* Algorithm. A discussion about the advantages and limitations of TS for solving a path planning problem is also presented.'

Title: 'Invited paperCyber-physical control of unmanned aerial vehicles'
Author: 'M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309811000691
Abstract: 'AbstractDuring the past few years, research in the field of cooperative control of swarms of robots and especially UAV has continuously increased. In order to develop research in the field of swarms of UAV, this paper identifies three problems: the development of a testbed for UAV, the implementation of an ad hoc network and a protocol based on network control, and a consensus control algorithm for cooperative control of UAV. The testbed currently enables us to perform waypoint navigation using a Global Positioning System (GPS). The protocol communication designed for the ad hoc network has proved to be reliable for our application and can be expanded to be used with different numbers of agents. The algorithm of consensus control has been analyzed and tested in simulation. Future work will allow implementing the consensus control as a centralized or distributed control.'

Title: 'A Relevant Reduction Method for Dynamic Modeling of a Seven-linked Humanoid Robot in the Three-dimensional Space'
Author: 'Amira'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812027117
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, the dynamic modeling of a seven linked humanoid robot, is accurately developed, in the three dimensional space using the Newton-Euler formalism. The aim of this study is to provide a clear and a systematic approach so that starting from generalized motion equations of all rigid bodies of the humanoid robot one can establish a reduced dynamical model. The resulting model can be expended either for simulation propositions or implemented for any given control law. In addition, transformations and developments, proposed here, can be exploited for modeling any other three-dimensional humanoid robot with a different morphology and variable number of rigid bodies and degrees of freedom.'

Title: 'Morphology of patterns of lattice swarms: Interval parameterization*'
Author: 'A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0895717799001636
Abstract: 'AbstractThis model deals with collectives of mobile agents (finite automata) that move on a two-dimensional lattice in discrete time. In every trial, all automata start their evolution at the same lattice node. Every automaton moves from its current node to one of the randomly chosen neighbours if there is another automaton at the same node or if the number of other automata in the neighbourhood belongs to some specified interval of integers. This interval is referred to an interval of activation. All agents find their appropriate positions and stop. The stationary global pattern of resting agents is eventually formed. Such patterns form a key subject of the paper. To group all intervals of activation onto different classes based on the morphological characteristics of the classes is a main task of the first part of the paper. The rest of the paper is devoted to investigation concerning the complete consistent parameterisation of the pattern formation rules of lattice swarm.'

Title: 'Telemanipulaci\xc3\xb3n y locomoci\xc3\xb3n mediante robots modulares reconfigurables en entornos semiestructurados'
Author: 'Juan A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1697791208701419
Abstract: 'ResumenEste art\xc3\xadculo se centra en la aplicaci\xc3\xb3n de robots modulares en entornos semi-estructurados. La principal ventaja que tiene este sistema autoconfigurable es su capacidad tanto de desplazamiento como de manipulaci\xc3\xb3n de objetos. Se describe en detalle la arquitectura implementada para la realizaci\xc3\xb3n de tareas, esta arquitectura se basa en el control de los m\xc3\xb3dulos que forman estructuras m\xc3\xa1s complejas, llamadas mol\xc3\xa9culas. Las mol\xc3\xa9culas implementan el comportamiento de un robot y pueden cambiar de configuraci\xc3\xb3n seg\xc3\xban sea la etapa de la tarea en curso. El sistema, denominado RobMAT, cuenta con una avanzada interfaz de teleoperaci\xc3\xb3n que permite el guiado de m\xc3\xb3dulos y mol\xc3\xa9culas as\xc3\xad como la calibraci\xc3\xb3n de entornos. Los experimentos realizados hasta la fecha ponen de manifiesto la importancia de la sincronizaci\xc3\xb3n de los m\xc3\xb3dulos y el control de las trayectorias. La sincronizaci\xc3\xb3n es imprescindible para la cooperaci\xc3\xb3n entre m\xc3\xb3dulos y el interpolador de trayectorias para el guiado de las mol\xc3\xa9culas.'

Title: 'Non-uniform circle formation algorithm for oblivious mobile robots with convergence toward uniformity\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Xavier'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508000881
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a distributed algorithm whereby a group of mobile robots self-organize and position themselves into forming a circle in a loosely synchronized environment. In spite of its apparent simplicity, the difficulty of the problem comes from the weak assumptions made on the system. In particular, robots are anonymous, oblivious (i.e.,\xc2\xa0stateless), unable to communicate directly, and disoriented in the sense that they share no knowledge of a common coordinate system. Furthermore, robots\xe2\x80\x99 activations are not synchronized. More specifically, the proposed algorithm ensures that robots deterministically form a non-uniform circle in a finite number of steps and converges to a situation in which all robots are located evenly on the boundary of the circle.'

Title: 'Distributed Inverse Kinematics for Shape-changing Robotic Materials\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M. Andy'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017316303498
Abstract: 'AbstractWe present a distributed algorithm to calculate inverse kinematic solutions for shape-changing beams with integrated sensing, actuation, computation and communication. We consider the beam to consist of n segments that can each change their curvature, perform computation and communicate with their neighbors. Using a centralized inverse Jacobian method this solution has a computational complexity of (n2.373) as it relies on matrix inversion. We describe the system as a kinematic chain and derive a distributed algorithm for computing its inverse kinematics. The presented method distributes the computation among the n segments by sequentially applying the inverse Jacobian method to m-segment neighborhoods, reducing the computational complexity of each individual operation to m3) at the expense of mn) communication exchanges and solving the reduced problems ) times across the length of the beam. The resulting solution does not require any external computation and can autonomously calculate a curvature profile to reach a desired end-pose, which has applications ranging from adaptive aerodynamic surfaces to smart furniture. The proposed algorithm has been validated using computer simulations of beams with up to 30 elements and various neighborhood sizes. Results show that the proposed approach allows trading accuracy and converge rate with increasing computation and communication.'

Title: 'Deterministic geoleader election in disoriented anonymous systems'
Author: 'Yoann'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S030439751300563X
Abstract: 'AbstractConsider a network made of n nodes scattered in the 2-dimensional space. Nodes are anonymous and disoriented devices being unable to communicate. Anonymous refers to systems made of a priori indistinguishable nodes. By disoriented, we mean that the nodes share no kind of coordinate system nor common sense of direction. Such systems are typically wireless sensor networks or swarms of robots endowed with localization capabilities, for instance visibility sensors or pattern formation maps. We address the Geoleader Election (GE) problem which is to ensure that, solely based on their positions, the nodes deterministically agree on the same position of a single node, called the leader. We provide a complete characterization on the node positions, both for systems with common handedness (chirality) and for systems devoid of a common handedness. The characterization is based on a particular object from combinatorics on words, namely the Lyndon words.'

Title: 'A Process Demonstration Platform for Product Disassembly Skills Transfer\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Supachai'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116313579
Abstract: 'AbstractAutomated disassembly is challenging due to uncertainties and variations in the process with respect to the returned products. While cognitive robotic disassembly system can dismantle products in most cases, human assistances are required for resolving some physical uncertainties. This article presents a platform that the disassembly process can be demonstrated by skillful human operators. The process is represented with the sequence, position, and orientation of the tools, which are extracted by using vision system and tools\xe2\x80\x99 markers. The knowledge at planning and operational levels will be transferred to the robot to achieve automated disassembly. An operation for removing a back cover of an LCD screen with three disassembly tools is a case study.'

Title: 'Research noteAnomaly detection using a self-organizing map and particle swarm optimization'
Author: 'M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309811001751
Abstract: 'AbstractSelf-Organizing Maps (SOMs) are among the most well-known, unsupervised neural network approaches to clustering, which are very efficient in handling large and high dimensional datasets. The original Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) is another algorithm discovered through simplified social model simulation, which is effective in nonlinear optimization problems and easy to implement. In the present study, we combine these two methods and introduce a new method for anomaly detection. A discussion about our method is presented, its results are compared with some other methods and its advantages over them are demonstrated. In order to apply our method, we also performed a case study on forest fire detection. Our algorithm was shown to be simple and to function better than previous ones. We can apply it to different domains of anomaly detection. In fact, we observed our method to be a generic algorithm for anomaly detection that may need few changes for implementation in different domains.'

Title: 'Coordination between autonomous robots'
Author: 'Pierre-Yves'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0888613X97000042
Abstract: 'AbstractIn a multirobot system, each robot can choose between two basic behaviors: obstacle avoidance and conflict resolution behaviors. A local supervisor (LS) is used to switch between the two behaviors. Coordination between robots is necessary to avoid collision: each robot communicates to the nearest robot one angular datum used for concerted trajectory modification. In our implementation, the parameters for the LS and the conflict resolution algorithm are encoded into an integer string, and a micro-GA (\xce\xbcGA) is used for optimization.'

Title: 'Rigid Folding in Robotic Multi-agent Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Benjamin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914011399
Abstract: 'AbstractThe paper seeks to investigate the potential of biologically inspired multi-agent systems for architectural applications. The generation of \xe2\x80\x98form\xe2\x80\x99 through the process of \xe2\x80\x98rigid folding\xe2\x80\x99 represents a complex architectural procedure, which we seek to perform by employing a number of simple collaborative agents. Through a prototypic approach, closely matched with the constraints of a real world application, we want to demonstrate that the central architectural needs of form adaptability and resilience can be increased with this method. The established prototype is intended to serve as the \xe2\x80\x98embodiment\xe2\x80\x99 for different codes and strategies to test. Its shape transitions are based on the principal of folding, in which the triangle mesh topology serves as the basis for its folding patterns.'

Title: 'Geometrical optimization of half toroidal continuously variable transmission using particle swarm optimization'
Author: 'M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309811001556
Abstract: 'AbstractThe objective of this research is geometrical optimization of half toroidal Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT) in order to achieve high power transmission efficiency. The dynamic analysis of CVT is implemented and contact between the disk and the roller is modeled viaelastohydrodynamic (EHL) lubrication principles. Computer model is created using geometrical, thermal and kinetic parameters to determine the efficiency of CVT. Results are compared by other models to confirm the model validity. Geometrical parameters are obtained by means of Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm, while the optimization objective is to maximize the power transmission efficiency. Optimization was conducted over a wide range of selected input parameters that are EHL oil temperature, roller tilting angle and rotational velocity of input disk. Optimization results show that the power transmission efficiency alters with changes of input parameters, while the optimized geometrical parameters are approximately the same. Variations of power transmission efficiency over a wide range of input parameters were calculated for optimized geometry, while the highest value of power transmission efficiency occurs in low value of EHL oil temperatures and input disk rotational velocities. The optimized structure shows average power transmission efficiency equal to 93.4% over a wide range of input parameters.'

Title: 'Multi-Agent Based Anti-Locust Territory Protection System\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Abu'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915017196
Abstract: 'AbstractLocust invasion still remains danger to crops and vast unused fields in certain parts of the world. This problem is also relevant to Kazakhstan. Every year the government allocates 16 million USD to control locusts\xe2\x80\x99 population, and prevent damages that they cause after its intrusion.The aim of this paper is to define the concept of developing an anti-locust multi-agent territory protection system (ALMATPS), which consists of heterogeneous robots such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), ground robots (GR) or unmanned ground vehicles (UGV) (there is no different between these two terms, both can be used). These heterogeneous robots collaborate with each to achieve the main goal using the agent based modeling (ABM).'

Title: 'Comparison of \xe2\x80\x98HoBi\xe2\x80\x99-like viral populations among persistent infected calves generated under experimental conditions and to inoculum virus'
Author: 'M.N.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0042682216300216
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2\xe2\x80\x98HoBi\xe2\x80\x99-like PI animals were generated under controlled conditions.\xe2\x80\xa2Quasispecies composition compared between them and the inoculums.\xe2\x80\xa2Differences in genetic composition of the viral swarms were observed.\xe2\x80\xa2Host factors can play a role in genetic variations among PIs.AbstractLike other members from the Pestivirus genus, \xe2\x80\x98HoBi\xe2\x80\x99-like pestiviruses cause economic losses for cattle producers due to both acute and persistent infections. The present study analyzed for the first time PI animals derived from a controlled infection with two different \xe2\x80\x98HoBi\xe2\x80\x99-like strains where the animals were maintained under conditions where superinfection by other pestiviruses could be excluded. The sequence of the region coding for viral glycoproteins E1/E2 of variants within the swarms of viruses present in the PI calves and two viral inoculums used to generate them were compared. Differences in genetic composition of the viral swarms were observed suggesting that host factors can play a role in genetic variations among PIs. Moreover, PIs generated with the same inoculum showed amino acid substitutions in similar sites of the polyprotein, even in serum from PIs with different quasispecies composition, reinforcing that some specific sites in E2 are important for host adaptation.'

Title: 'An Obstacle Avoidance Method of Soccer Robot Based on Evolutionary Artificial Potential Field'
Author: 'Qiushi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187661021200286X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn order to solve the problems that local minimum, path planning in obstacles, and optimizing global obstacle avoidance path, the paper proposed a new obstacle avoidance method. In this method, used the grid method to describe the information of obstacles environment, utilized the evolutionary artificial potential field method to optimize obstacle avoidance path. The simulation results show that the proposed method is feasible and effective.'

Title: 'Approximating an expectation related to cooperative robots'
Author: 'A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893965904002939
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper we develop an approximation to the expectation of a random variable implied in cooperation stability, presented in a previous work. This approximation is obtained by means of a continuous monotonous function that upper bounds the expectation. Finally, we analyze the quality of this approximation.'

Title: 'The Control of a Lower Limb Exoskeleton for Gait Rehabilitation: A Hybrid Active Force Control Approach\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'A.P.P.A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917302260
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper focuses on the modelling and control of a three-link lower limb exoskeleton for gait rehabilitation. The exoskeleton that is restricted to the sagittal plane is modelled together with a human lower limb model. In this case study, a harmonic disturbance is excited at the joints of the exoskeleton whilst it is carrying out a joint space trajectory tracking. The disturbance is introduced to examine the compensating efficacy of the proposed controller. A particle swarm optimised active force control strategy is proposed to augment the disturbance regulation of a conventional proportional-derivative (PD) control law. The simulation study suggests that the proposed control approach mitigates well the disturbance effect whilst maintaining its tracking performance which is seemingly in stark contrast with its traditional PD counterpart.'

Title: 'Using Bee Algorithm in the Problem of Mapping\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Timur'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187770581631181X
Abstract: 'AbstractInnovative algorithm for solving simultaneous location and mapping problem in unknown environment is considered. The algorithm is based on the comparison of point clouds with bee swarm algorithm. The algorithm obtained was experimentally tested. The algorithm increases the number of calculations in several times as compared to standard methods of minimization (algorithm of gradient descent and others), but the function calculations in random points are similar operations and it enables the efficient application of parallel computations, thus resulting in increased performance.'

Title: 'Condition Monitoring and Cloud-based Energy Analysis for Autonomous Mobile Manipulation - Smart Factory Concept with LUHbots\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Jan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017316304170
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a smart factory concept for autonomous mobile robots is presented. The main purpose is to increase productivity of the transport in machine-floor. It is based on advanced methods for failure handling and prevention, leading to increased robustness, less downtime and less effort in maintenance [1], [2]. Therefore, condition data and states of the robot are collected by Robot Operation System (ROS) and transferred to a factory hub (server). The collected data, e.g. voltages, currents, set points, velocities and accelerations are used to identify important system parameters, e.g. moving masses and friction parameters to enable the proposed smart factory concept. Further aim is to let the factory hub control a group of mobile robots using a self-organizing algorithm for different tasks.Due to the increasing customization of products causing smaller lot sizes [3], manufacturers of mobile robotic production systems have developed a diversity of flexible robots [4], [5], [6], [7], [8]. Mobile robots inside the production line allow for collecting and evaluation of system-inherent data e.g. handling and transportation time, wheel friction, workpieces mass, center of gravity and energy consumption during trajectory execution.In general, mobile robots are electrically driven. Hence, an estimation of the battery state is essential in order to automatically plan charging cycles and to organize and optimize the cooperation behavior of a group of mobile robots. In this proposed approach, mobile robots are equipped with a measurement system and connected via Bluetooth to a factory hub, providing monitoring, analyzing and planning tools. The battery states of all robots are considered in the process planning.The robots are based on the KUKA youBot, equipped with a soft gripper and a RealSense camera. A condition monitoring system measures the energy consumption of all components and transfers the information to the factory hub. The state of charge limits the number of executable operations. Therefore, in a first step the power consumption of all individual consumers is captured, e.g. EC-Maxxon base motors, PC, gripper, camera and five-axis arm. Experimental results show, that the youBot requires 46 W in standstill plus the drive power depending on the movement. Here, the results for mobile manipulation in industrial scenarios during preparation for the RoboCup@Work 2016 will be presented. The transfer of raw measurement data to the hub is shown, as well as the proposed algorithms allowing for range prediction and optimized set point generation. The concept provides excellent capability in data collection, analysis of existing production and production planning.'

Title: 'Multi-variant Planing for Dynamic Problems with Agent-based Signal Modeling\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Szymon'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915010595
Abstract: 'AbstractThe problem of planning for groups of autonomous beings is gaining attention over the last few years. Real life tasks, like mobile robots coordination or urban traffic management, need robust and flexible solutions. In this paper a new approach to the problem of multi-variant planning in such systems is presented. It assumes use of simple reactive controllers by the beings, however the state observation is enriched by dynamically updated model, which contains planning results. The approach gives promising results in the considered use case, which is the Multi Robot Task Allocation problem.'

Title: 'Original ArticleC-LOG: A Chamfer distance based algorithm for localisation in occupancy grid-maps'
Author: 'Lakshitha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468232216300555
Abstract: 'AbstractA novel algorithm for localising a robot in a known two-dimensional environment is presented in this paper. An occupancy grid representing the environment is first converted to a distance function that encodes the distance to the nearest obstacle from any given location. A Chamfer distance based sensor model to associate observations from a laser ranger finder to the map of the environment without the need for ray tracing, data association, or feature extraction is presented. It is shown that the robot can be localised by solving a non-linear optimisation problem formulated to minimise the Chamfer distance with respect to the robot location. The proposed algorithm is able to perform well even when robot odometry is unavailable and requires only a single tuning parameter to operate even in highly dynamic environments. As such, it is superior than the state-of-the-art particle filter based solutions for robot localisation in occupancy grids, provided that an approximate initial location of the robot is available. Experimental results based on simulated and public domain datasets as well as data collected by the authors are used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.'

Title: 'Finding the Optimal Background Subtraction Algorithm for EuroHockey 2015 Video\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'David'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705816307081
Abstract: 'AbstractBackground subtraction is a classic step in a vision-based localization and tracking workflow. Previous studies have compared background subtraction algorithms on publicly available datasets; however comparisons were made only with manually optimized parameters. The aim of this research was to identify the optimal background subtraction algorithm for a set of field hockey videos captured at EuroHockey 2015.Paticle Swarm Optimization was applied to find the optimal background subtraction algorithm. The objective function was the F-score, i.e. the harmonic mean of precision and recall. The precision and recall were calculated using the output of the background subtraction algorithm and gold standard labeled images. The training dataset consisted of 15 x 13 second field hockey video segments. The test data consisted of 5 x 13 second field hockey video segments. The video segments were chosen to be representative of the teams present at the tournament, the times of day the matches were played and the weather conditions experienced. Each segment was 960 pixels x 540 pixels and had 10 ground truth labeled frames. Eight commonly used background subtraction algorithms were considered.Results suggest that a background subtraction algorithm must use optimized parameters for a valid comparison of performance. Particle Swarm Optimization is an appropriate method to undertake this optimization. The optimal algorithm, Temporal Median, achieved an F-score of 0.791 on the test dataset, suggesting it generalizes to the rest of the video footage captured at EuroHockey 2015.'

Title: 'Human-machine Collaboration in Virtual Reality for Adaptive Production Engineering\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Andrea'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917304638
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper outlines the main steps towards an open and adaptive simulation method for human-robot collaboration (HRC) in production engineering supported by virtual reality (VR). The work is based on the latest software developments in the gaming industry, in addition to the already commercially available hardware that is robust and reliable. This allows to overcome VR limitations of the industrial software provided by manufacturing machine producers and it is based on an open-source community programming approach and also leads to significant advantages such as interfacing with the latest developed hardware for realistic user experience in immersive VR, as well as the possibility to share adaptive algorithms. A practical implementation in Unity is provided as a functional prototype for feasibility tests. However, at the time of this paper, no controlled human-subject studies on the implementation have been noted, in fact, this is solely provided to show preliminary proof of concept. Future work will formally address the questions that are raised in this first run.'

Title: 'Self-organized sorting of heterotypic agents via a chemotaxis paradigm'
Author: 'Linge'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016764231200192X
Abstract: 'AbstractCell sorting is a fundamental phenomenon in morphogenesis, a process that leads to shape formation in living organisms. The sorting of heterotypic cell populations is produced by a variety of inter-cellular actions, e.g. differential chemotactic response, adhesion, rigidity, and motility. Via a process called chemotaxis, living cells respond to chemicals released by other cells into the environment. Inspired by the biological phenomena of chemotaxis and cell sorting in heterotypic cell aggregates, we propose a chemotaxis-based algorithm that sorts self-organizing heterotypic agents. In our algorithm, two types of agents are initially randomly placed in a toroidal environment. Agents emit a chemical signal and interact with nearby agents. Given the appropriate parameters, the two kinds of agents self-organize into a complex aggregate consisting of a single group of one type of agent surrounded by agents of the second type. This paper describes the chemotaxis-based sorting algorithm, the behaviors of our self-organizing heterotypic agents, evaluation of the final aggregates and parametric studies of the algorithm.Highlights\xe2\x96\xba Chemotaxis-based algorithm that directs heterotypic agents to self-organize. \xe2\x96\xba Mixed agents self-sort into a central core surrounded by an enclosing layer. \xe2\x96\xba Agents emit different types of chemicals and follow the field gradients. \xe2\x96\xba Agent behaviors are based on local interactions with neighbors. \xe2\x96\xba Studies show how agent and environmental parameters affect sorting results.'

Title: 'An Optimal Trajectory Planning Method for Stabilization of Coupled Space Robotic System after Capturing'
Author: 'Hou-de'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812004614
Abstract: 'AbstractAutonomous target capturing of space robot is a key technology for on orbit servicing. After capturing, the mass properties and the total momentum of the coupled system will change large. This will result in the system unstable if no effective measures are used. In this paper, an optimal trajectory planning method is proposed to stabilize the coupled system and minimize the attitude deflection of the base. Firstly, the system kinematics equation is formed of joint and flywheel variables, which are parameterized by polynomial functions. Then, the trajectory planning is transformed to a non-linear optimization problem. Finally, we solve the parameters using the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, and the motion trajectories are determined. Simulation results show that this method is effective.'

Title: 'Torsional Vibration Reduction with Augmented Inverse Model-based Controller in Wind Turbine Drivetrain\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Siti Fauziah'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917302338
Abstract: 'AbstractWind energy has shown promising advantages in reducing the greenhouse effect by minimizing carbon dioxide emissions to improve earth climate. Wind turbine which falls under the umbrella of renewable energy family promises cleaner environment while generating electricity from wind energy with no burnt fossil fuel. However, it portrays challenges in terms of high operating cost due to component failure. Thus this paper discusses on mitigating one of the problems related to wind turbine failure, the torsional vibration reduction in drive train. A generator torque control is investigated together with the particle swarm optimization technique in search for accurate parameters of the controller. This control strategy is a solution to low wind speed areas especially around South East Asian region. An augmented inverse model-based controller and band pass filter is proposed to obtain vibration attenuation at the dominant mode. The modelling endeavor is firstly obtained via particle swarm optimization search capability to obtain an accurate transfer function of the inverse model. A band pass filter (BPF) is then augmented with the inverse model as controller for torsional vibration suppression. Results have shown favorable comparison between the proposed and conventional methods in terms of vibration attenuation level.'

Title: 'Decentralized control of multi-agent systems for swarming with a given geometric pattern'
Author: 'Teddy M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122110008953
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper addresses a problem of cooperative formation control of a network of self-deployed autonomous agents. We propose a decentralized motion coordination control for the agents so that they collectively move in a desired geometric pattern from any initial position. There are no predefined leaders in the group and only local information is required for the control. The control algorithm is developed using the ideas of information consensus, and its effectiveness is illustrated via numerical simulations.'

Title: 'Particle Swam Optimization Based Optimal PID Parameters for Air Heater Temperature Control System\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Aekarin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916303635
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper concentrated on the design of PID controller for air heater temperature control system. It is appeared that PID controllers are utilized in many industrial applications. However, the major problem of PID controller design is how to identify the optimal parameters of PID so that the optimal performance of the system can be obtained. Then, this paper proposes the Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) method for tuning optimal PID parameters for the air heater. The simulation results are achieved that the PSO optimized PID controller is able to provide an improved closed-loop system performances over the Ziegler-Nichols tuning method, and Genetic Algorithm (GA) in the perspectives of transient responses; i.e, the integral of square error (ISE), settling time and overshoot.'

Title: 'Design and multi-physics optimization of rotary MRF brakes'
Author: 'Okan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2211379717318235
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A modified particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm with multiple subswarms for solving multi-objective multi-physics engineering optimization problems is proposed.\xe2\x80\xa2Hunting behavior is obtained by recording and passing the best particle within each subswarm to the next subswarm according to the division of labor.\xe2\x80\xa2To show the efficiency of the proposed method, a multi-physics engineering optimization problem with multiple objectives is provided.\xe2\x80\xa2Every variable required for designing and optimizing rotary MRF brakes are obtained based on the given cost function.AbstractParticle swarm optimization (PSO) is a popular method to solve the optimization problems. However, calculations for each particle will be excessive when the number of particles and complexity of the problem increases. As a result, the execution speed will be too slow to achieve the optimized solution. Thus, this paper proposes an automated design and optimization method for rotary MRF brakes and similar multi-physics problems. A modified PSO algorithm is developed for solving multi-physics engineering optimization problems. The difference between the proposed method and the conventional PSO is to split up the original single population into several subpopulations according to the division of labor. The distribution of tasks and the transfer of information to the next party have been inspired by behaviors of a hunting party. Simulation results show that the proposed modified PSO algorithm can overcome the problem of heavy computational burden of multi-physics problems while improving the accuracy. Wire type, MR fluid type, magnetic core material, and ideal current inputs have been determined by the optimization process. To the best of the authors\xe2\x80\x99 knowledge, this multi-physics approach is novel for optimizing rotary MRF brakes and the developed PSO algorithm is capable of solving other multi-physics engineering optimization problems. The proposed method has showed both better performance compared to the conventional PSO and also has provided small, lightweight, high impedance rotary MRF brake designs.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (51KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Smart Connected Logistics\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Tom\xc3\xa1\xc5\xa1'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705817325924
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents research done at the University of \xc5\xbdilina, in cooperation with CEIT (Central European Institute of Technology). The topic of focus in this article is the Smart Connected Logistic System, which utilizes all the most advanced principles such as Mobile Robotic Systems (MRS), Mobile Automated Platforms, Multi-Agent Cloud based control and various IoT concepts. The paper clarifies the term of Smart Connected Product, exhibited in the context of Smart Logistics.'

Title: 'Original articleA novel gait-based synthesis procedure for the design of 4-bar exoskeleton with natural trajectories'
Author: 'Ramanpreet'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214031X17300414
Abstract: 'AbstractBackground/ObjectiveHuman walking involves the coordination of brain, nerves, and muscles. A disturbance in their coordination may result in gait disorder. The gait disorder may be treated through manually assisted gait training or with the aid of assistive devices/robotic devices. These robotic devices involve mechanisms which are synthesized using complex conventional procedures. Therefore, in this study, a new gait-based synthesis procedure is proposed, which simplifies the mechanism synthesis and helps to develop a mechanism which can be used in rehabilitation devices, bipeds, etc.MethodsThis article presents a novel procedure for the synthesis of 4-bar linkage using the natural gait trajectories. As opposed to the conventional synthesis procedures, in this procedure, a global reference frame is considered, which allows the use of hip trajectory while moving. Moreover, this method is divided into two stages, and five precision points are considered on the hip trajectory in each stage. In the first stage, the 4-bar linkage is designed, thereafter, the configurations of the linkage for the remaining precision points are determined in the second stage. The proposed synthesis procedure reduces the complexity involved in the synthesis and helps in the simplification of the problem formulation. A two-stage optimization problem is formulated for minimizing the error between the generated and desired hip trajectories. Two nature-inspired algorithms are used for solving the optimization problem. The obtained best results are presented, and the designed linkage is simulated in MATLAB.ResultsThe best design of the linkage is obtained using particle swarm optimization. The trajectories generated by the designed linkage using the proposed methodology can accurately track the desired path, which indicates that designed linkage can achieve all the orientations required during walking. The positions of a whole lower limb at all the desired precision points are demonstrated by stick diagram for one gait.ConclusionThe proposed methodology\xc2\xa0has reduced the complexity of synthesis procedures and used optimization techniques to obtain a feasible design of the mechanism. The stick diagram of the designed mechanism obtained using the proposed method indicates that the designed mechanism can walk smoothly. Hence, the designed mechanism can be used in the rehabilitation devices. Furthermore, a conceptual design of an exoskeleton knee is also presented.The Translational Potential of this ArticleMany hospitals and individuals have used the immobile and portable rehabilitation devices. These devices involve mechanisms, and the design of mechanism plays a vital role in the functioning of these devices; therefore, we have developed a new synthesis procedure for the design of the mechanism. Besides synthesis procedure, a mechanism is developed that can be used in the rehabilitation devices, bipeds, exoskeletons, etc., to benefit the society.'

Title: 'Estimation of State of Charge of a Lead Acid Battery Using Support Vector Regression\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Vadana D.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017315002546
Abstract: 'AbstractEstimation of State of Charge (SOC) of batteries plays a vital role in Battery Management Systems(BMS). It is important to enhance the lifetime of a battery and give the user an accurate estimation of available runtime. This study aims to estimate the battery SOC based on current through and voltage across a battery using Support Vector Regression (SVR). Tests are run on SIMULINK using a 6\xc2\xa0V, 4.5 Ah Lead Acid battery. Hyper parameters that decide the accuracy of SVR are estimated using Grid Search and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO). The SVR maintains a high level of accuracy, with a Mean Squared Error (MSE) of 0.45% for PSO and 0.95% for GS.'

Title: 'Noise benefits in the array of brain-computer interface classification systems'
Author: 'Rujipan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352914818300923
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper shows that noise can improve the accuracy of brain-computer interface (BCI) systems. Additive Gaussian noise can benefit arrays of ensemble support vector machines (ESVMs) that classify P300 or motor imagery (MI) activities in electroencephalogram (EEG) signals. We show these noise benefits in 64-channel EEG signals from the BCI Competitions II dataset IIb and BCI Competitions III dataset II for the P300 speller paradigm and in 3-channel EEG signals from the BCI Competitions II dataset III and BCI Competitions III dataset IIIa for MI classification systems. We also show that noise can improve the accuracy of EEG classifications based on restricted channel positions in commercial recording systems, such as the 14-channel Emotiv Epoc headset. The experimental results show that noise can provide classifiers with higher accuracy and can reduce the data collection time for P300 classification. The results also show that training ESVMs with a concatenated original dataset and noise-added datasets can improve MI classification. Noise can improve the accuracy of P300 classification for both intra-subject and inter-subject classification systems for multiple users. Addition of noise can significantly affect the parameters of polynomial kernel functions and the number of support vectors of the SVM. This leads to an expansion of the margin between two parallel hyperplanes that eventually improve the classification accuracy. Particle swarm optimization (PSO) can be used to search for the optimal noise intensity.'

Title: 'The Design of an Optimal and Secure Routing Model in Wireless Sensor Networks by Using PSO Algorithm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mohsen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915034894
Abstract: 'AbstractWireless sensor networks (WSNs) are consisted of tens, hundreds or even thousands of self-directed sensors which are embedded in an environment wirelessly at a distance from each other to communicate with each other, and their task is discovering and aggregation of environmental information and transmitting it to a monitoring center. Continuous movement of sensor nodes and their limited battery power causes routing problems for these types of networks. Thus, providing a reliable and secure protocol in wireless sensor networks seems crucial. Our main emphasis in this paper is on utilizing artificial intelligence techniques such as clustering and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm for finding a safe and efficient routing in wireless sensor networks.'

Title: 'The AETOURNOS Project: Using a Flock of UAVs as a Cyber Physical System and Platform for Application-driven Research'
Author: 'Adrien'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091200484X
Abstract: 'AbstractThis position paper presents the Airborne Embedded auTonomOUs Robust Network of Objects and Sensors (AE-TOURNOS) platform. We have two main goals: \xef\xac\x81rstly conducting research in swarming/flocking of UAVs, mixing robotics, wireless sensor and actuator networks, and secondly using this as an application domain and a challenge/demo platform for other researches. After giving an overview of the project context, questions and contributions, we give details about our \xef\xac\x81rst attempt to implement an autonomous flocking behavior based on a spring-damper model in sim\xe2\x80\x93ulation, combining our \xef\xac\x81rst physical experiments and developments with the potential hardware. The lessons learned help us build a research and action plan for the year to come.'

Title: 'Self-stabilizing gathering with strong multiplicity detection\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yoann'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397511009704
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we investigate the possibility to deterministically solve the gathering problem starting from an arbitrary configuration with weak robots, i.e.,\xc2\xa0anonymous, autonomous, disoriented, oblivious, and devoid of means of communication. By starting from an arbitrary configuration, we mean that robots are not required to be located at distinct positions in the initial configuration. We introduce strong multiplicity detection as the ability for the robots to detect the exact number of robots located at a given position. We show that with strong multiplicity detection, there exists a deterministic algorithm solving the gathering problem starting from an arbitrary configuration for n robots if, and only if, n is odd.'

Title: 'Data fusion of multi-sensor for IOT precise measurement based on improved PSO algorithms'
Author: 'Wen-Tsai'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122112002970
Abstract: 'AbstractThis work proposes an improved particle swarm optimization (PSO) method to increase the measurement precision of multi-sensors data fusion in the Internet of Things (IOT) system. Critical IOT technologies consist of a wireless sensor network, RFID, various sensors and an embedded system. For multi-sensor data fusion computing systems, data aggregation is a main concern and can be formulated as a multiple dimensional based on particle swarm optimization approaches. The proposed improved PSO method can locate the minimizing solution to the objective cost function in multiple dimensional assignment themes, which are considered in particle swarm initiation, cross rules and mutation rules. The optimum seclusion can be searched for efficiently with respect to reducing the search range through validated candidate measures. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed improved PSO method for multi-sensor data fusion is highly feasible for IOT system applications.'

Title: 'Kinematic and Dynamic Optimization of a 2-DOF Parallel Kinematic Mechanism'
Author: 'S. Shankar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310354
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, optimal design of a 2-DOF Parallel Kinematic Mechanism (PKM) is presented. This mechanism consists of three legs. Out of these three one is passive constraint leg and remaining two are act as active actuators. Inverse kinematics is first carried out in order to find the joint variables position for given tool position. The uniformity of the tool platform motion is found by Global Conditioning Index (GCI). Stiffness model for actuator assembly of the PKM is derived. Uniform stiffness of the PKM is obtained using Global Stiffness Index (GSI). Optimal dimensions of the PKM are obtained using Genetic Algorithm (GA) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO). Optimal dimensions of the PKM are obtained separately using single objectives of GCI and GSI. Finally inverse dynamics is presented using Lagrangian method. The Grand Total Actuator Force (GTAF) is computed for 2-DOF while the moving platform travels along a circular trajectory.'

Title: 'Parameter optimization of controllable local degree of freedom for reducing vibration of flexible manipulator'
Author: 'Yushu'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S100093611300040X
Abstract: 'AbstractParameter optimization of the controllable local degree of freedom is studied for reducing vibration of the flexible manipulator at the lowest possible cost. The controllable local degrees of freedom are suggested and introduced to the topological structure of the flexible manipulator, and used as an effective way to alleviate vibration through dynamic coupling. Parameters introduced by the controllable local degrees of freedom are analyzed and their influences on vibration reduction are investigated. A strategy to optimize these parameters is put forward and the corresponding optimization method is suggested based on Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO). Simulations are conducted and results of case studies confirm that the proposed optimization method is effective in reducing vibration of the flexible manipulator at the lowest possible cost.'

Title: 'Virtual Prototyping of a Flexure-based RCC Device for Automated Assembly\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917303256
Abstract: 'AbstractThe actual use of Industrial Robots (IR) for assembly systems requires the exertion of suitable strategies allowing to overcome shortcomings about IR poor precision and repeatability. In this paper, the practical issues that emerge during common \xe2\x80\x9cpeg-in-hole\xe2\x80\x9d assembly procedures are discussed. In particular, the use of passive Remote Center of Compliance (RCC) devices, capable of compensating the IR non-optimal performance in terms of repeatability, is investigated. The focus of the paper is the design and simulation of a flexure-based RCC that allows the prevention of jamming, due to possible positioning inaccuracies during peg insertion. The proposed RCC architecture comprises a set of flexural hinges, whose behavior is simulated via a CAE tool that provides built-in functions for modelling the motion of compliant members. For given friction coefficients of the contact surfaces, these numerical simulations allow to determine the maximum lateral and angular misalignments effectively manageable by the RCC device.'

Title: 'RFID Reader Planning for the Surveillance of Predictable Mobile Objects'
Author: 'Weiping'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918302461
Abstract: 'AbstractThe surveillance of mobile objects is important for many applications in public security, logistics, traffic control, etc. Multiple RFID (Radio frequency identification) readers can be placed in the given region to fulfill this work. However, due to the mobility of objects and various kinds of RFID collisions, a proper planning of RFID readers is needed. Existing RFID reader planning approaches are designed for stationary scenarios and hence cannot have desirable performance when handling mobile objects. In this paper, we investigate the RFID reader planning problem for the surveillance of mobile objects whose motion can be predicted. We define the evaluation metric for the reader planning by dividing the surveillance time into multiple time slots and compute the successful identification of tags in individual time slot respectively. We further propose several reader planning strategies to handle RFID collisions in the surveillance. Genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimization are used to get the optimal result based on the evaluation metric and the reader planning strategies. We perform extensive simulations for validating the proposed approaches. The results show that our approach can achieve a good accuracy in the surveillance.'

Title: 'Full Length ArticleDesign of fractional order 2-DOF PI controller for real-time control of heat flow experiment'
Author: 'Mohit'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098618300922
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a two degree of freedom fractional order PI controller for temperature control of a real-time Heat Flow Experiment (HFE). The introduction of two degrees of freedom and fractional calculus to PI controller enhances its flexibility at the cost of large number of tuning parameters and controller design becomes a combinatorial problem. Controller parameters are therefore optimized by a meta-heuristic algorithm called as water cycle algorithm (WCA) which leads to WCA tuned two degree of freedom fractional order PI (W2FPI) controller. The present work also explores the potential of WCA as an effective controller tuning technique. The convergence analysis of WCA justifies its effectiveness with respect to state-of-the-art optimizers i.e. genetic algorithm, simulated annealing, dragonfly algorithm, flower pollination algorithm, cuckoo search algorithm, particle swarm optimization, differential evolution and artificial bee colony algorithm. Investigation reveals the superiority of W2FPI controller in comparison to its WCA tuned integer order variant W2PI and conventional PI controller.'

Title: 'Research noteOptimum synthesis of fuzzy logic controller for trajectory tracking by differential evolution'
Author: 'H. Nejat'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309811000228
Abstract: 'AbstractDifferential Evolution (DE) and Genetic Algorithms (GA) are population based search algorithms that come under the category of evolutionary optimization techniques. In the present study, these evolutionary methods have been utilized to conduct the optimum design of a fuzzy controller for mobile robot trajectory tracking. Comparison between their performances has also been conducted. In this paper, we will present a fuzzy controller to the problem of mobile robot path tracking for a CEDRA rescue robot. After designing the fuzzy tracking controller, the membership functions will be optimized by evolutionary algorithms in order to obtain more acceptable results.'

Title: 'Pre-impact trajectory planning for minimizing base attitude disturbance in space manipulator systems for a capture task'
Author: 'Long'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936115001053
Abstract: 'AbstractAimed at capture task for a free-floating space manipulator, a scheme of pre-impact trajectory planning for minimizing base attitude disturbance caused by impact is proposed in this paper. Firstly, base attitude disturbance is established as a function of joint angles, collision direction and relative velocity between robotic hand and the target. Secondly, on the premise of keeping correct capture pose, a novel optimization factor in null space is designed to minimize base attitude disturbance and ensure that the joint angles do not exceed their limits simultaneously. After reaching the balance state, a desired configuration is achieved at the contact point. Thereafter, particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is employed to solve the pre-impact trajectory planning from its initial configuration to the desired configuration to achieve the minimized base attitude disturbance caused by impact and the correct capture pose simultaneously. Finally, the proposed method is applied to a 7-dof free-floating space manipulator and the simulation results verify the effectiveness.'

Title: 'Original ArticleTask based synthesis of serial manipulators'
Author: 'Sarosh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090123214001532
Abstract: 'AbstractComputing the optimal geometric structure of manipulators is one of the most intricate problems in contemporary robot kinematics. Robotic manipulators are designed and built to perform certain predetermined tasks. There is a very close relationship between the structure of the manipulator and its kinematic performance. It is therefore important to incorporate such task requirements during the design and synthesis of the robotic manipulators. Such task requirements and performance constraints can be specified in terms of the required end-effector positions, orientations and velocities along the task trajectory. In this work, we present a comprehensive method to develop the optimal geometric structure (DH parameters) of a non-redundant six degree of freedom serial manipulator from task descriptions. In this work we define, develop and test a methodology to design optimal manipulator configurations based on task descriptions. This methodology is devised to investigate all possible manipulator configurations that can satisfy the task performance requirements under imposed joint constraints. Out of all the possible structures, the structures that can reach all the task points with the required orientations are selected. Next, these candidate structures are tested to see whether they can attain end-effector velocities in arbitrary directions within the user defined joint constraints, so that they can deliver the best kinematic performance. Additionally least power consuming configurations are also identified.'

Title: 'A Review of Short Term Load Forecasting using Artificial Neural Network Models\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Arjun'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915006699
Abstract: 'AbstractThe electrical short term load forecasting has been emerged as one of the most essential field of research for efficient and reliable operation of power system in last few decades. It plays very significant role in the field of scheduling, contingency analysis, load flow analysis, planning and maintenance of power system. This paper addresses a review on recently published research work on different variants of artificial neural network in the field of short term load forecasting. In particular, the hybrid networks which is a combination of neural network with stochastic learning techniques such as genetic algorithm(GA), particle swarm optimization (PSO) etc. which has been successfully applied for short term load forecasting (STLF) is discussed thoroughly.'

Title: 'Ant Colony Optimization based Navigational Decision Support System\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Agnieszka'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914011521
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a Swarm Intelligence (SI) application using Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) techniques in a navigational Decision Support System (DSS). The problem-solving capability of the system includes path planning and collision avoidance of a ship in the open sea as well as in restricted waters. The developed system enhances automation of the safe ship control pro- cess. It can also be employed in Unmanned Surface Vehicles (USVs) control system, what will contribute to enhancement of their autonomy. The following issues are introduced in this paper: the developed navigational DSS architecture and the path planning and collision avoidance problem definition. This paper will also present ACO principle and ACO based algorithm implemented in navigational DSS. Exemplary results, conclusions and plans for further investigations are also included.'

Title: 'Comparison of the breadth and complexity of bovine viral diarrhea (BVDV) populations circulating in 34 persistently infected cattle generated in one outbreak'
Author: 'J.F.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0042682215003451
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2One BVDV outbreak resulted in 34 persistently infected cattle.\xe2\x80\xa2Methods were developed to compare the circulating viral populations within PI animals.\xe2\x80\xa2These PI animals carried circulating viral populations that differed in size and diversity.\xe2\x80\xa2Variation in PI viral populations could be used as a quantifiable host phenotype.\xe2\x80\xa2This phenotype may correlateother phenotypes such as growth rate and viral shed.AbstractExposure to bovine viral diarrhea viruses (BVDV) results in acute and persistent infections. Persistent infections result from in utero exposure during the first trimester of gestation. Clinical presentation, in persistently infected cattle (PI), is highly variable. The reasons for this variation is largely unknown. The BVDV circulating in PI exist as quasispecies (swarms of individual viruses). An outbreak resulting in 34 PI cattle presented an opportunity to compare a large number of PI\xd7\xb3s. Methods were developed to compare the circulating viral populations within PI animals. It was found that PI animals generated in the same outbreak carry circulating viral populations that differ widely in size and diversity. Further, it was demonstrated that variation in PI viral populations could be used as a quantifiable phenotype. This observation makes it possible to test the correlation of this phenotype to other phenotypes such as growth rate, congenital defects, viral shed and cytokine expression.'

Title: "An Optimization Based Vision Calibration Method for PTZ Camera's Errors in Model and Execution"
Author: 'Qiqin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811016110
Abstract: "AbstractTraditional vision calibration methods only consider the identification of intrinsic and extrinsic parameters of camera. However, if merely traditional methods are used, too much deviation on target locating for biped walking robot, which camera sensor is mounted on a pan-tilt unit, would caused by unavailability of distance from pan-tilt unit to imaging plane and the inevitable error in execution of pan-tilt unit. In this paper we present an optimization based vision calibration method for errors in model and execution of pan-tilt unit in humanoid robot. This calibration method is constructed as an optimization problem to simultaneously get intrinsic and extrinsic parameters of camera, mechanical\xc2\xa0installation error, and pan-tilt unit's operation error to guarantee the accuracy of target locating. The effectiveness of the method proposed has been validated on the kid size humanoid robot Wukong."

Title: 'Path finding in the tile assembly model'
Author: 'Yuriy'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508008748
Abstract: 'AbstractSwarm robotics, active self-assembly, and amorphous computing are fields that focus on designing systems of large numbers of small, simple components that can cooperate to complete complex tasks. Many of these systems are inspired by biological systems, and all attempt to use the simplest components and environments possible, while still being capable of achieving their goals. The canonical problems for such biologically-inspired systems are shape assembly and path finding. In this paper, we demonstrate path finding in the well-studied tile assembly model, a model of molecular self-assembly that is strictly simpler than other biologically-inspired models. As in related work, our systems function in the presence of obstacles and can be made fault-tolerant. The path-finding systems use \xce\x98(1) distinct components and find minimal-length paths in time linear in the length of the path.'

Title: 'Natural Computing for Automatic Test Data Generation Approach Using Spanning Tree Concepts\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sanjay'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916306342
Abstract: 'AbstractThe weight is assigned to all edges of graph according to a uniform policy and focus is on the leaves nodes of the Spanning Tree of Control Flow Graph of Program. If all leaves nodes of Spanning tree are covered by the test cases, then number of test cases required or testing the program can be reduced to great extent. Further the spanning tree is based on the concept of maximum spanning tree of CFG which helps in finding the critical paths of CFG. The chances of finding errors in critical are more as compare to the normal path. Covering of all the leaves nodes of Spanning Tree give guarantee for the coverage of Critical path also. Further the paper also shows that number of test cases required in case of Spanning tree is less as compare to the Dominance tree concept. For the generation of fast, unique and reliable test cases a optimization technique which is based on natural computing concept is used which is called as on Swine Influenza Models Based Optimization (SIMBO). The relation between nodes has been used as fitness function in this paper. Finally, the results in the paper show the effectiveness of SIMBO techniques as compare to Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and Genetic Algorithm (GA).'

Title: 'Overview of Deployment and Redeployment Algorithms for Mobile Wireless Sensor Networks'
Author: 'Saoucene'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912004851
Abstract: 'AbstractWireless sensor networks are usually randomly deployed in the monitored region. This initial deployment does neither achieve area coverage, nor ensure network connectivity. Thus, a redeployment algorithm has to be applied in order to meet these two requirements. In this paper, we overview existing centralized redeployment algorithms such as virtual forces or particle swarm optimization category, as well as distributed algorithms such as Distributed Self-Spreading Algorithm, Force based Genetic Algorithm, Mass-Spring Relaxation Algorithm, uni\xef\xac\x81ed Scheme for Deployment and Relocation. We then discuss some open issues related to algorithm convergence, assumptions about the initial knowledge available like the initial topology, number of sensor nodes and obstacle positions.'

Title: 'Towards Realizing Cybermanufacturing Kiosks: Quality Assurance Challenges and Opportunities'
Author: 'Ashif Sikandar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978918308138
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents the cyberphysical system (CPS) challenges associated with realizing manufacturing-as-a-service paradigm, capable of creating custom functional, freeform structures. While earlier efforts have addressed the product design, resource allocation, and asset management challenges in custom manufacturing, those pertaining to quality and performance assurance have not received much attention thus far. For low volume custom manufacturing, the intelligence comprising all the steps involved in the production process and its continuous monitoring should reside in the real-time service, rather than requiring an upfront costly design process for each product. In this paper, we first outline the technical challenges associated with autonomous monitoring and control of tool motion and process parameters of a laser kirigami (origami with cuts) process to create custom freeform components, with planar facets, from peel-off sensors embedded on sheet precursors. In the sequel, we present an implementation of image-based monitoring, particularly for the estimation of the dihedral angle between the facets being bent during the laser kirigami process. As the sheet is formed, the sensors embedded on the sheets serve as a swarm of mobile sensors whose instantaneous location and orientation are discerned using optimally placed cameras to estimate the process state. This allows the tuning of process parameters, specifically the laser intensity and transverse feed rate to mitigate quality issues. The results from the current experimental investigations of the laser kirigami process suggest that the process state can be estimated to error rates of less than 2% at 10 frames per second, which is orders of magnitude faster than that achievable using the present stereo digital image correlation technologies.'

Title: 'An effective trajectory planning method for simultaneously suppressing residual vibration and energy consumption of flexible structures'
Author: 'Akira'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351988616300173
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a proposal for a minimum energy feedforward control technique for flexible structures to suppress residual vibrations in point-to-point (PTP) motion. In the proposed method, the trajectory profile of the PTP motion is generated through a cycloidal function whose input is the output of a polynomial function. The obtained trajectory is dependent upon the coefficients of the polynomial function. To achieve the suppression of the residual vibration as well as the operating energy of this PTP motion, the coefficients are tuned by metaheuristic algorithms. In the numerical simulations, we investigated the PTP motions of a single-link flexible manipulator and a robotic arm attached to a flexible link. The simulation results were compared with those of previous studies, revealing the effectiveness of the proposed method.'

Title: 'Grammatical Evolution for Neural Network Optimization in the Control System Synthesis Problem\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'D.E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917300030
Abstract: 'AbstractGrammatical evolution is a perspective branch of the genetic programming. It uses evolutionary algorithm based search engine and Backus \xe2\x80\x93 Naur form of domain-specific language grammar specifications to find symbolic expressions. This paper describes an application of this method to the control function synthesis problem. Feed-forward neural network was used as an approximation of the control function, that depends on the object state variables. Two-stage algorithm is presented: grammatical evolution optimizes neural network structure and genetic algorithm tunes weights. Computational experiments were performed on the simple kinematic model of a two-wheel driving mobile robot. Training was performed on a set of initial conditions. Results show that the proposed algorithm is able to successfully synthesize a control function.'

Title: 'Comparison of Sequential and Integrated Optimisation Approaches for ASP and ALB\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.F.F. Ab'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827117302299
Abstract: 'AbstractCombining Assembly Sequence Planning (ASP) and Assembly Line Balancing (ALB) is now of increasing interest. The customary approach is the sequential approach, where ASP is optimised before ALB. Recently, interest in the integrated approach has begun to pick up. In an integrated approach, both ASP and ALB are optimised at the same time. Various claims have been made regarding the benefits of integrated optimisation compared with sequential optimisation, such as access to a larger search space that leads to better solution quality, reduced error rate in planning and expedited product time-to-market. These benefits are often cited but no existing work has substantiated the claimed benefits by publishing a quantitative comparison between sequential and integrated approaches. This paper therefore compares the sequential and integrated optimisation approaches for ASP and ALB using 51 test problems. This is done so that the behaviour of each approach in optimising ASP and ALB problems at different difficulty levels can be properly understood. An algorithm named Multi-Objective Discrete Particle Swarm Optimisation (MODPSO) is applied in both approaches. For ASP, the optimisation results indicate that the integrated approach is suitable to be used in small and medium-sized problems, according to the number of non-dominated solution and error ratio indicators. Meanwhile, the sequential approach converges more quickly in large-sized problems. For pure ALB, the integrated approach is preferable in all cases. When both ASP and ALB are considered, the integrated approach is superior to the sequential approach.'

Title: 'Model-based State-of-charge Estimation Approach of the Lithium-ion Battery Using an Improved Adaptive Particle Filter\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Min'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610216315156
Abstract: 'AbstractAccurate state of charge (SoC) estimation is of great significance for a lithium-ion battery. This paper presents an adaptive particle filter (APF)-based SoC estimation algorithm for lithium-ion batteries in electric vehicles. Firstly, the lithium-ion battery is modeled using the resistance-capacitance network based one-state hysteresis equivalent circuit model and its parameters are determined by the particle swarm optimization method. Then, an improved adaptive particle filter has been proposed and applied to the battery SoC estimation. Finally, the two typical lithium-ion battery, LiFePO4 and NMC lithium-ion, have been used to verify the proposed SoC estimator.'

Title: 'Multilevel thresholding for image segmentation using Krill Herd Optimization algorithm'
Author: 'K.P.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319157818300739
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper a novel multilevel thresholding algorithm using a meta-heuristic Krill Herd Optimization (KHO) algorithm has been proposed for solving the image segmentation problem. The optimum threshold values are determined by the maximization of Kapur\xe2\x80\x99s or Otsu\xe2\x80\x99s objective function using Krill Herd Optimization technique. The proposed method reduces the computational time for computing the optimum thresholds for multilevel thresholding. The applicability and computational efficiency of the Krill Herd Optimization based multilevel thresholding is demonstrated using various benchmark images. A detailed comparative analysis with other existing bio-inspired techniques based multilevel thresholding techniques such as Bacterial Foraging (BF), Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), Genetic Algorithm (GA) and Moth-Flame Optimization (MFO) has been performed to prove the superior performance of the proposed method.'

Title: 'A Novel Cognitive Cycle for Fault Diagnosis in Infrastructural Systems'
Author: 'Hrishikesh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917314060
Abstract: 'AbstractRemote sensing techniques are being increasingly used for periodic structural health monitoring of vast infrastructures such as power transmission systems. The current efforts concentrate on analysis of visual and other signals captured from the sensing devices, to diagnose the faults. Such data collection and analysis is expensive in terms of both computational overheads as well as towards robotic maneuvering of the data collection platform, such as a UAV. In this paper, we model the data gathering platform as an intelligent situated agent, and propose to autonomously control its data gathering and analysis activities through a cognitive cycle, to optimize the cost of efforts in identifying the faults that may exist. In this context, we explore use of less expensive qualitative reasoning with the background knowledge expressed as a Qualitative Bayesian Network (QBN). We introduce a reactive, economical planning algorithm around QBN that controls the sequence of data collection and analysis, much like how human inspectors do. We substantiate our claims with the results of simulation of the corresponding cognitive cycle.'

Title: 'Development of a Dual-projected-based Automated Interference Matrix Algorithm for Industry 4.0\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Chi-Hsin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917304201
Abstract: 'AbstractIn order to complete the intelligent assembly operation, the cooperation between assembly robotic arm and assembly sequence planning (ASP) is necessary. This is a matter of great importance, as traditional product assembly incurs considerable manpower and time, generally accounting for 20\xe2\x80\x9370% of the total manufacturing workload. In this paper, we develop a dual-projected-based automated interference matrix (DPIM) algorithm that analyzes the relations between the components of a given product. In order to reduce the number of times that collide detection is performed in comparison with the method only do collision detection, the DPIM algorithm relies on static interference detection and dual-projected detection to generate a contact matrix, a direction contact matrix, and an interference matrix. By reducing the number of times collide detection is performed, DPIM can reduce the workload of assembly, thereby reducing the total manufacturing load overall and the manufacturing time likewise.'

Title: 'Full length articleTo sea and to see: That is the answer'
Author: 'Jules S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2211122016300238
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this article Dr. Jules S. Jaffe chronicles his development as a scientist and engineer. The story starts during his middle school years and continues up until the present day. Dr. Jaffe, as an inventor of technology for ocean exploration has played a role in a number of advances in ocean engineering. These range from the development of a planar laser imaging system for sensing fluorescent microstructure to swarms of underwater autonomous floats, to a current generation of underwater microscopes. The emphasis of the article is on career development and the process rather than the exact, and detailed, documentation of technology. Dr. Jaffe is also the Editor in Chief of Methods in Oceanography and he instituted these autobiographies for exactly this purpose: To give younger, aspiring, professionals an example of a career that has not been \xe2\x80\x9cstraight through\xe2\x80\x9d, but rather a meandering path through a multitude of projects, proposals, and relationships with colleagues, students, and funding agencies.'

Title: 'Researching Adaptive Systems with RRobots\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Brian'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915002471
Abstract: 'AbstractThis research effort proposes a framework for conducting simulation-based research experiments using a pre-existing system. RRobots is a simulation of robots competing within a two-dimensional battlefield. This RRobots simulation has been enhanced to support adaptive-systems research efforts probability based behavior selection and self-healing systems. It supports experiment automation. Researchers have used this as a framework to explore the speed of adaptation. New reporting data elements were added to the output system. The team added tools to support the execution of large numbers of simulation runs, distributing these runs within federation of RRobots Ruby on Rails servers. The initial generation of experiment results using a large data set is analyzed. Next-generation job processing components within the RRobots code are also discussed. This paper discusses these improvements from the general RRobots baseline and uses these to compare a faster more reliable RRobots code base with the original simulation.'

Title: 'Electrical EngineeringPSO based optimized fuzzy controllers for decoupled highly interacted distillation process'
Author: 'Hassen T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090447912000184
Abstract: 'AbstractNormally, the highly interacted MIMO process \xe2\x80\x93 such as two coupled distillation columns \xe2\x80\x93 is decoupled into a group of independent loops and a conventional PID controller is assigned to control each loop. Tuning of conventional PID controllers is very difficult. Scientists consider tuning of PID controllers is an art more than science. In this paper, fuzzy PID controllers are proposed to replace the conventional ones. Moreover, the values of the parameters of the proposed fuzzy PID controllers are optimized using particle swarm optimization (PSO) technique. Sum square errors (SSEs) \xe2\x80\x93 for different loops \xe2\x80\x93 are used as fitness functions for PSO. SSEs minimization assures optimal values of different fuzzy PID controllers\xe2\x80\x99 parameters. For the purpose of validation, PSO is also used to optimize the design of conventional PID controllers. The simulation of the proposed optimized fuzzy PID controllers proves their excellence in improving the transient and steady state characteristics.'

Title: 'OriginalInvestigation and correction of error in impedance tube using intelligent techniques'
Author: 'J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1665642316300918
Abstract: 'AbstractErrors arise in the measurement of sound absorption coefficient using impedance tube due to various factors. Minimizing the errors require additional hardware or proper calibration of certain components. This paper proposes a new intelligent error correction mechanism using mathematical modelling and soft computing paradigms. A low cost impedance tube is designed, developed and its performance is compared with a commercially available standard tube. A particle swarm optimization and neural network based system is developed to reduce the random and systematic errors in the developed impedance tube. The proposed system is tested using various porous and non-porous functional textile materials and the results are validated. A significant reduction in error is obtained at all frequency ranges with PSO based prediction method.'

Title: 'Artificial Intelligence in the Path Planning Optimization of Mobile Agent Navigation\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'S\xc3\xa1ndor T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212567112001475
Abstract: "AbstractMany difficult problem solving require computational intelligence. One of the major directions in artificial intelligence consists in the development of efficient computational intelligence algorithms, like: evolutionary algorithms, and neural networks. Systems, that operate in isolation or cooperate with each other, like mobile robots could use computational intelligence algorithms for different problems/tasks solving, however in their behavior could emerge an intelligence called system's intelligence, intelligence of a system. The traveling salesman problem TSP has a large application area. It is a well-known business problem. Maximum benefits TSP, price collecting TSP have a large number of economic applications. TSP is also used in the transport logic Raja, 2012. It also has a wide range of applicability in the mobile robotic agent path planning optimization. In this paper a mobile robotic agent's path planning will be discussed, using unsupervised neural networks for the TSP solving, and from the TSP results the finding of a closely optimal path between two points in the agent's working area. In the paper a modification of the criteria function of the winner neuron selection will also be presented. At the end of the paper measurement results will be presented."

Title: 'Application of artificial intelligence to forecast hydrocarbon production from shales'
Author: 'Palash'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2405656117301141
Abstract: 'AbstractArtificial intelligence (AI) methods and applications have recently gained a great deal of attention in many areas, including fields of mathematics, neuroscience, economics, engineering, linguistics, gaming, and many others. This is due to the surge of innovative and sophisticated AI techniques applications to highly complex problems as well as the powerful new developments in high speed computing. Various applications of AI in everyday life include machine learning, pattern recognition, robotics, data processing and analysis, etc. The oil and gas industry is not behind either, in fact, AI techniques have recently been applied to estimate PVT properties, optimize production, predict recoverable hydrocarbons, optimize well placement using pattern recognition, optimize hydraulic fracture design, and to aid in reservoir characterization efforts. In this study, three different AI models are trained and used to forecast hydrocarbon production from hydraulically fractured wells. Two vastly used artificial intelligence methods, namely the Least Square Support Vector Machine (LSSVM) and the Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), are compared to a traditional curve fitting method known as Response Surface Model (RSM) using second order polynomial equations to determine production from shales. The objective of this work is to further explore the potential of AI in the oil and gas industry. Eight parameters are considered as input factors to build the model: reservoir permeability, initial dissolved gas-oil ratio, rock compressibility, gas relative permeability, slope of gas oil ratio, initial reservoir pressure, flowing bottom hole pressure, and hydraulic fracture spacing. The range of values used for these parameters resemble real field scenarios from prolific shale plays such as the Eagle Ford, Bakken, and the Niobrara in the United States. Production data consists of oil recovery factor and produced gas-oil ratio (GOR) generated from a generic hydraulically fractured reservoir model using a commercial simulator. The\xc2\xa0Box-Behnken experiment design was used to minimize the number of simulations for this study. Five time-based models (for production periods of 90 days, 1 year, 5 years, 10 years, and 15 years) and one rate-based model (when oil rate drops to 5 bbl/day/fracture) were considered. Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) routine is used in all three surrogate models to obtain the associated model parameters. Models were trained using 80% of all data generated through simulation while 20% was used for testing of the models. All models were evaluated by measuring the goodness of fit through the coefficient of determination (R2) and the Normalized Root Mean Square Error (NRMSE). Results show that RSM and LSSVM have very accurate oil recovery forecasting capabilities while LSSVM shows the best performance for complex GOR behavior. Furthermore, all surrogate models are shown to serve as reliable proxy reservoir models useful for fast fluid recovery forecasts and sensitivity analyses.'

Title: 'Table of Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310937
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Full Length ArticleBat algorithm optimized fuzzy PD based speed controller for brushless direct current motor'
Author: 'K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098615001676
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, design of fuzzy proportional derivative controller and fuzzy proportional derivative integral controller for speed control of brushless direct current drive has been presented. Optimization of the above controllers design is carried out using nature inspired optimization algorithms such as particle swarm, cuckoo search, and bat algorithms. Time domain specifications such as overshoot, undershoot, settling time, recovery time, and steady state error and performance indices such as root mean squared error, integral of absolute error, integral of time multiplied absolute error and integral of squared error are measured and compared for the above controllers under different operating conditions such as varying set speed and load disturbance conditions. The precise investigation through simulation is performed using simulink toolbox. From the simulation test results, it is evident that bat optimized fuzzy proportional derivative controller has superior performance than the other controllers considered. Experimental test results have also been taken and analyzed for the optimal controller identified through simulation.'

Title: 'Farming in the Era of Industrie 4.0'
Author: 'Anja-Tatjana'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118303342
Abstract: 'AbstractConsistent supply chain management across all levels of value creation is a common approach in the industrial sector. The implementation in agricultural processes requires rethinking the supply chain concept. The reasons are the heuristic characterised processes, the stochastic environmental conditions, the mobility of the production facilities and the low division of work.In this paper we deal with how concepts of innovative supply chain management in the era of Industrie 4.0 could not only deliver a way to overcome said problems but also provide the foundation for the development of new forms of work and business models for Farming 4.0.'

Title: 'A Realistic Decision Making for Task Allocation in Heterogeneous Multi-agent Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yongho'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916318099
Abstract: "AbstractTask allocation is one of the keys to maximize organizational benefits by handling as many tasks as possible. Many computational multi-agent systems use agent's capability for task allocation. When a task arrives at the queue to be delivered a task allocator will determine which takes the task by finding the best-capable agent. In real world situation, each agent should not only consider the new task with their capability, but also tasks that they are currently handling before sending their capability to the task allocator. This research study proposes a CPU-scheduling based algorithm to allow agents to perform rational decision making when they think that they can handle the new task while taking care of its current tasks. The result shows that applying algorithm provide a significant improvement of their performance."

Title: 'Exploration of Simulated Creatures Learning to Cross a Highway Using Frequency Histograms\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Leslie'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916325285
Abstract: 'AbstractWe study via frequency histograms, the behaviour of a model of simulated cognitive agents (creatures) learning to safely cross a cellular automaton based highway. The creatures have the ability to learn from each other by evaluating how successful other creatures in the past were for their current situation. We examine the effects of the model parameters on the learning outcomes measured through metrics such as the number of creatures that have successfully crossed. In particular, we focus on the effects of the knowledge base transfer on the creatures\xe2\x80\x99 success of learning. The presented model is general enough so that the considered cognitive agent, called creature, maybe even interpreted as an abstraction of an autonomous vehicle (AV), encountering suddenly another moving vehicle on its trajectory. The AV has to decide whether to continue or to break/stop in order to avoid being destroyed.'

Title: 'Variable stiffness design of redundantly actuated planar rotational parallel mechanisms'
Author: 'Kangkang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936116301625
Abstract: 'AbstractRedundantly actuated planar rotational parallel mechanisms (RAPRPMs) adapt to the requirements of robots under different working conditions by changing the antagonistic internal force to tune their stiffness. The geometrical parameters of the mechanism impact the performances of modulating stiffness. Analytical expressions relating stiffness and geometrical parameters of the mechanism were formulated to obtain the necessary conditions of variable stiffness. A novel method of variable stiffness design was presented to optimize the geometrical parameters of the mechanism. The stiffness variation with the internal force was maximized. The dynamic change of stiffness with the dynamic location of the mechanism was minimized, and the robustness of stiffness during the motion of the mechanism was ensured. This new approach to variable stiffness design can enable off-line planning of the internal force to avoid the difficulties of on-line control of the internal force.'

Title: 'Toward Computational, Embeddable, Cognitive Models of Context\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Wayne'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978915006071
Abstract: 'AbstractComputational models of context that are compatible with human cognitive representations could be used to augment human decision-making and to enable improved interactive and cooperative capabilities of non-human agents. If unconstrained by human cognitive limitations and biases, such cognitively-inspired models of context could also scale to problem scales and time scales that exceed human capabilities. Expanding on a recently developed theoretical model for context called the Narratively Integrate Multi-level (NIM) framework, this paper presents computational details that operationalize the concepts in the NIM framework and define a set of tools that can be used to design and build human-like models of context and embed them into larger computational systems.'

Title: 'An Extension Dynamic Model Based on BDI Agent'
Author: 'Wang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389212003276
Abstract: "Abstractthis paper's researching is based on the model of BDI Agent. Firstly, This paper analyze the deficiencies of the traditional BDI Agent model, Then propose an extension dynamic model of BDI Agent based on the traditional ones. It can quickly achieve the internal interaction of the tradition model of BDI Agent, deal with complex issues under dynamic and open environment and achieve quick reaction of the model. The new model is a natural and reasonable model by verifying the origin of civilization using the model of monkeys to eat sweet potato based on the design of the extension dynamic model. It is verified to be feasible by comparing the extended dynamic BDI Agent model with the traditional BDI Agent Model uses the SWARM, it has important theoretical significance."

Title: 'Preface'
Author: 'Matthew'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1571066118300343
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Induction Motor Control Using PSO-ANFIS\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sakuntala'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915007218
Abstract: 'AbstractThe speed of the Induction motor can be adjusted to a great extent so as to provide easy control and high performance. In this paper an effort is made to develop a prototype model to control the speed of an induction motor using PSO-ANFIS hybrid technique. We describe the use of Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and ANFIS for designing an optimal fuzzy logic controller of an Induction Motor. We have used two input parameters like speed, torque and output is firing angle. PSO-ANFIS speed controller obtains better dynamic behavior and superior performance of the Induction motor speed control. Similar approach can be correlated to the control of plasma column and which can be implemented in fusion reactor to control the plasma column. Plasma position and shape control is very crucial for the overall performance of the fusion reactor such as tokamak. The quality of the discharge in the Saskatchewan TORus-Modi\xef\xac\x81ed (STOR-M) tokamak is strongly related to the position of the plasma column within the discharge vessel. If the plasma column approaches too near the wall, then either minor or complete disruption occurs. Consequently it is necessary to be able to control dynamically the position of the plasma column throughout the entire discharge.A comparison analysis of PSO-ANFIS and Fuzzy Back Propagation algorithm is taken in our work to control the speed of induction motor, where the PSO-ANFIS gives better result in terms of fast computing.'

Title: 'Sensor Technologies and Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM)\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'T.J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915038375
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a comprehensive review on sensor modalities currently in used for solving the Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) problem. The review focuses on SLAM for mobile robots in a variety of environments. The strengths and weaknesses of acoustic modality sensors such as ultrasonic and sonar sensors, laser range finders, visual sensors such as stereo vision sensors, and RGB-D sensors like the Microsoft Kinect and the Asus Xtion Pro Live are compared based on current usage in published research papers. Based on this review, we propose that RGB-D sensors have unique advantages which make them particularly suitable for SLAM problems.'

Title: 'Application of Deep Learning for Object Detection'
Author: 'Ajeet Ram'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918308767
Abstract: 'AbstractThe ubiquitous and wide applications like scene understanding, video surveillance, robotics, and self-driving systems triggered vast research in the domain of computer vision in the most recent decade. Being the core of all these applications, visual recognition systems which encompasses image classification, localization and detection have achieved great research momentum. Due to significant development in neural networks especially deep learning, these visual recognition systems have attained remarkable performance. Object detection is one of these domains witnessing great success in computer vision. This paper demystifies the role of deep learning techniques based on convolutional neural network for object detection. Deep learning frameworks and services available for object detection are also enunciated. Deep learning techniques for state-of-the-art object detection systems are assessed in this paper.'

Title: 'Artificial Movements Inspired for Global Optimization'
Author: 'Hindriyanto Dwi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812025647
Abstract: "AbstractA new algorithm is proposed in this study for continuous problem optimization. The algorithm implements artificial movements move off and move forward, which mimics the soccer player's movement during a game. Both movements incorporate the social learning as well as cognitive learning. The performance of the proposed method was compared to those of the genetic algorithm and the particle swarm optimization. The proposed method outperforms the PSO on multi-modal functions and unimodal functions with high dimensionality. The method also shows better performance than the genetic algorithm on most of the problems used in the experiment. The experiment results reveal that the proposed method is potentially a powerful optimization technique."

Title: 'La Nariz Electr\xc3\xb3nica: Estado del Arte'
Author: 'Iveth'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1697791209702675
Abstract: 'ResumenEn este trabajo se presenta el estado del arte de los sistemas olfativos artificiales o narices electr\xc3\xb3nicas, su funcionamiento y algunas de sus aplicaciones. Adem\xc3\xa1s, se revisa el concepto de olfato electr\xc3\xb3nico, pasando por sus aplicaciones m\xc3\xa1s relevantes. Posteriormente, se analizan las similitudes del funcionamiento de la nariz electr\xc3\xb3nica con el sistema del olfato humano. Finalmente, se incluyen los conceptos m\xc3\xa1s importantes relacionados con la instalaci\xc3\xb3n de narices electr\xc3\xb3nicas sobre robots m\xc3\xb3viles, destacando sus consiguientes aplicaciones.'

Title: "Eden's Bees: Parallelizing Artificial Bee Colony in a Functional Environment\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86"
Author: 'Fernando'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913003736
Abstract: 'AbstractDue to the proliferation of multicore computers, most users own hardware that allows to speedup the execution of programs by running them in parallel. However, in practice it is not trivial to take advantage of such parallel architectures, because the programmer needs to take care of too many low level details. This is also true in problems with a high degree of inherent parallelism, like many bioinspired metaheuristics. In this paper we simplify the parallelization of one of such metaheuristics, namely Artificial Bee Colony, by using a functional language, Eden, to implement a parallel skeleton to deal with it. Once the skeleton is defined, the user only needs to provide a concrete fitness function, while all the low level parallel details are done automatically by the skeleton.'

Title: 'A New Meta-heuristic Bat Inspired Classification Approach for Microarray Data'
Author: 'Sashikala'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017312004100
Abstract: 'AbstractThe main objective of a classifier is to discover the hidden class level of the unknown data. It is observed that data size, number of classes and dimension of feature space and inter class separability affect the performance of any classifier. For a long time, efforts are made in improving efficiency, accuracy and reliability of classifiers for a wide range of applications. Different optimization algorithms such as Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and Simulated Annealing (SA) have been used to enhance the accuracy of classifiers. Bat is also a metaheuristic search algorithm which is use to solve multi objective engineering problem. In this paper, a model has been proposed for classification using bat algorithm to update the weights of a Functional Link Artificial Neural Network (FLANN) classifier. Bat algorithm is based on the echolocation behaviour of bats. The proposed model has been compared with FLANN, PSO-FLANN. Simulation shows that the proposed classification technique is superior and faster than FLANN and PSO-FLANN.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917302648
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Volume optimization of helical gear with profile shift using real coded genetic algorithm'
Author: 'Paridhi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310809
Abstract: 'AbstractIn recent years, there is increase in demand for gears with high load carrying capacity, efficiency, less cost, less noise and volume. Real Coded Genetic Algorithm (RCGA) is applied to achieve optimal helical gear design. In the present study, volume of a helical gear pair is minimized by including profile shift coefficients as design variables along with module, face width and number of teeth using RCGA. Transverse load factor, face load factor, form factor, stress factor and zone factor are affected by profile shift and hence profile shift influences the design optimization result for helical gear pair. Tooth contact and bending strength are the two constraints used in the optimization procedure. It has been found that volume with profile shift is smaller compared to that of without profile shift. For further validation of RCGA results, commercially used software KISSsoft has been used.'

Title: 'Modeling of self-organized systems interacting with a few individuals: From microscopic to macroscopic dynamics'
Author: 'G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893965912004430
Abstract: 'AbstractIn nature, self-organized systems such as flocks of birds, schools of fish and herds of sheep have to deal with the presence of external agents such as predators or leaders that modify their internal dynamics. Such situations involve a large number of individuals with their own social behavior interacting with a small number of other individuals acting as external point-source forces. Starting from a microscopic description, we derive a kinetic model using the mean-field limit and introduce a macroscopic model via a suitable hydrodynamic approximation.'

Title: 'Development and Implementation of Micro Autonomous Systems and Technologies (MAST) Interactive Reconfigurable Matrix of Alternatives (M-IRMA) for Concept Selection\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Zohaib T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913000756
Abstract: "AbstractArmy Research Laboratory sponsored Micro Autonomous Systems and Technologies (MAST) project seeks to collaboratively develop new technologies to enhance warfighter's small unit's tactical situation awareness in complex terrain. The development consists of multifunctional, autonomous and collaborative microsystem swarms. To analyze the large concept space, a specialized tool, MAST Interactive Reconfigurable Matrix of Alternatives (M-IRMA) has been developed. A convoy assistance mission scenario based on the movie\xe2\x80\x99Black Hawk Down\xe2\x80\x99 is analyzed and evaluated using the tool. Results include the selection of families of concepts, among the defined alternatives, that accomplish the mission optimally. The system components reflect fundamental requirements of the mission, namely high endurance, adaptability, path planning, and communication ability. Moreover, a database-driven web-based implementation of M-IRMA enables online definition of problems and conceptualization of solutions. WM-IRMA (Web-based MAST Interactive Reconfigurable Matrix of Alternatives) provides a dynamic online platform for MAST researchers to remotely access, view, modify, and evaluate alternatives simultaneously."

Title: 'Developing an online cooperative police patrol routing strategy'
Author: 'Huanfa'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0198971516303337
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Comprehensive guidelines and evaluation measures for police patrol routing strategy.\xe2\x80\xa2An cooperative Bayesian Ant-based Patrol routing Strategy (BAPS)\xe2\x80\xa2An online implementation of BAPS using agent-based modelling, including emergency situations.\xe2\x80\xa2Validation of the applicability of BAPS using a benchmark strategy and two case studies.AbstractA cooperative routing strategy for daily operations is necessary to maintain the effects of hotspot policing and to reduce crime and disorder. Existing robot patrol routing strategies are not suitable, as they omit the peculiarities and challenges of daily police patrol including minimising the average time lag between two consecutive visits to hotspots, as well as coordinating multiple patrollers and imparting unpredictability to patrol routes. In this research, we propose a set of guidelines for patrol routing strategies to meet the challenges of police patrol. Following these guidelines, we develop an innovative heuristic-based and Bayesian-inspired real-time strategy for cooperative routing police patrols. Using two real-world cases and a benchmark patrol strategy, an online agent-based simulation has been implemented to testify the efficiency, flexibility, scalability, unpredictability, and robustness of the proposed strategy and the usability of the proposed guidelines.'

Title: 'Next generation system and software architectures: Challenges from future NASA exploration missions'
Author: 'Roy'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167642306000153
Abstract: 'AbstractThe four key objective properties of a system that are required of it in order for it to qualify as \xe2\x80\x9cautonomic\xe2\x80\x9d are now well-accepted\xe2\x80\x94self-configuring, self-healing, self-protecting, and self-optimizing\xe2\x80\x94together with the attribute properties\xe2\x80\x94viz. self-aware, environment-aware, self-monitoring and self-adjusting. This paper describes the need for next generation system software architectures, where components are agents, rather than objects masquerading as agents, and where support is provided for self-* properties (both existing self-chop and emerging self-* properties). These are discussed as exhibited in NASA missions, and in particular with reference to a NASA concept mission, ANTS, which is illustrative of future NASA exploration missions based on the technology of intelligent swarms.'

Title: 'Deafblind Olympics: A case for a Grand Challenge'
Author: 'Oleg'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812016682
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper proposes a Grand Challenge to serve as the impetus for the reexamination of sports and sports technology under the prism of enabling elite deafblind participation to foster innovation in sports engineering. Technical obstacles faced by deafblind athletes are classical engineering challenges: on-field positioning, path-following navigation, range finding, collision detection, peer-to-peer communication and object identification (friend or foe). Sufficient technical progress has been achieved to allow for robots to compete in the game of soccer (Robocup), similar progress can be put forth for the development of elite deafblind athletics. A collaborative effort to solve the Grand Challenge of the Deafblind Olympics has the potential for spurring innovation in sports training, sports equipment and stadium design. This paper presents a survey of various technical challenges faced by the elite deafblind athlete.'

Title: 'Markerless Multi-view Human Motion Tracking Using Manifold Model Learning by Charting'
Author: 'Sanjay'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812026276
Abstract: 'AbstractComputer vision based markerless human motion tracking has gained popularity in various potential application domains including automatic visual surveillance, security, human computer interaction, virtual reality and medical applications. In computer vision tracking, articulated human body is a very challenging issue because of unknown motion types and high dimensionality. The low-dimension approaches have been effective for overcoming the high-dimensionality problem of tracking the various motions. In this paper, we present a manifold motion model learning in low-dimensional subspace using charting, a nonlinear dimension reduction technique which identify and extract the manifold action from the high-dimensional space. We choose the kernel regressor with Relevance Vector Machine (RVM) to construct the interface between action joint configuration and image space (e.g., Silhouette). The proposed framework allows the identification of the learning phase forward and backward mapping. For tracking of all generative components of the framework we proposed the use of Quantum-inspired particle swarm optimization algorithm to handle local minima problem also for providing global optimization results in search space.'

Title: 'Optimal strategies for maintaining a chain of relays between an explorer and a base camp'
Author: 'Jaros\xc5\x82aw'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508002612
Abstract: 'AbstractWe envision a scenario with robots moving on a terrain represented by a plane. A mobile robot, called explorer is connected by a communication chain to a stationary base camp. The chain is expected to pass communication messages between the explorer and the base camp. It is composed of simple, mobile robots, called relays.We are investigating strategies for organizing and maintaining the chain, so that the number of relays employed is minimized and nevertheless the distance between neighbored relays in the chain remains bounded. We are looking for local and distributed strategies employed by restricted relays that have to base their decision (\xe2\x80\x9cWhere should I go?\xe2\x80\x9d) solely on the relative positions of its neighbors in the chain.We present the Manhattan\xe2\x80\x93Hopper and the Hopper strategy which improve the performance of all known solutions to this problem significantly. They are the first such strategies that are optimal in this setting, i.e., that allow the explorer to move with constant speed, independent of the length of the chain, and keep this length minimum up to a constant factor.'

Title: 'ORIGINAL ARTICLEExperimental investigation and empirical modelling of FDM process for compressive strength improvement'
Author: 'Anoop K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S209012321100066X
Abstract: 'AbstractFused deposition modelling (FDM) is gaining distinct advantage in manufacturing industries because of its ability to manufacture parts with complex shapes without any tooling requirement and human interface. The properties of FDM built parts exhibit high dependence on process parameters and can be improved by setting parameters at suitable levels. Anisotropic and brittle nature of build part makes it important to study the effect of process parameters to the resistance to compressive loading for enhancing service life of functional parts. Hence, the present work focuses on extensive study to understand the effect of five important parameters such as layer thickness, part build orientation, raster angle, raster width and air gap on the compressive stress of test specimen. The study not only provides insight into complex dependency of compressive stress on process parameters but also develops a statistically validated predictive equation. The equation is used to find optimal parameter setting through quantum-behaved particle swarm optimization (QPSO). As FDM process is a highly complex one and process parameters influence the responses in a non linear manner, compressive stress is predicted using artificial neural network (ANN) and is compared with predictive equation.'

Title: 'Intelligent Path Selection in Wireless Networks using Jaya Optimization'
Author: 'T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091831024X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this work, routing and mobility problems are addressed using a new Jaya Optimization Algorithm for Intelligent path selection in networks. In general, mobile nodes (MNs) are connected via wired mode or wireless mode. But in Mobile ad hoc network (MANET) MNs connected through wireless mode because nodes do not have an access point. Devices can be connected each other called as infrastructure less network whereas infrastructure based network devices can be connected through without any access point. The prevalent challenge of this network is mobility and routing. Mobility is processes of nodes are moving from one location to another location. A new Jaya Optimization algorithm is compared with other well-known mobility models like Random Waypoint, Random Direction, and Random Walk model. Also, in this study routing protocols were examined here. Furthermore, the performance results reveal that Jaya algorithm gives better results when compared with others in terms of Packet Delivery Ratio, Average Delay, Throughput and Routing Overhead.'

Title: 'Art\xc3\xadculoInteligencia colectiva: enfoque para el an\xc3\xa1lisis de redesSwarm intelligence: approach to the analysis of networksIntelig\xc3\xaancia colectiva: abordagem para a an\xc3\xa1lise de redes\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Claudia Eugenia'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0123592314000540
Abstract: 'ResumenLa revisi\xc3\xb3n de la literatura anglosajona producida durante los \xc3\xbaltimos 16\xc2\xa0a\xc3\xb1os sobre inteligencia colectiva y otras metaheur\xc3\xadsticas permite la construcci\xc3\xb3n del estado del arte de 3 de sus caracter\xc3\xadsticas: autoorganizaci\xc3\xb3n, flexibilidad y robustez. Dicho recorrido te\xc3\xb3rico aporta a la comprensi\xc3\xb3n de las posibilidades de aplicaci\xc3\xb3n de la inteligencia colectiva no solo en especies sino en niveles de vida superiores como comunidades y ecosistemas. Dado que en el largo plazo la flexibilidad y la robustez emergen de la autoorganizaci\xc3\xb3n, se sugiere el estudio de los asuntos de esta \xc3\xbaltima caracter\xc3\xadstica en redes empresariales (informaci\xc3\xb3n, comunicaci\xc3\xb3n, liderazgo, potencial creativo, pertenencia, autonom\xc3\xada, acci\xc3\xb3n colectiva, cooperaci\xc3\xb3n, interacci\xc3\xb3n, libertad y diversidad), as\xc3\xad como el an\xc3\xa1lisis de redes soportado en grafos e indicadores.AbstractBy using a review of English literature on Swarm Intelligence and other meta-heuristics over the last sixteen years, the state of the art of three of its features, self-organization, flexibility and robustness, are discussed. This theoretical approach provides an understanding of Swarm Intelligence application not only of a species but also on superior levels of life such as, communities and ecosystems. In the long term, as flexibility and robustness arise from self-organization, research on entrepreneurial network must focus on issues of self-organization (information, communication, leadership, inventive potential, belonging, autonomy, collective action, cooperation, interaction, liberty and diversity), as well as a networking analysis using graphs and indicators.ResumoA revis\xc3\xa3o da literatura anglo-sax\xc3\xb3nica produzida nos \xc3\xbaltimos 16\xc2\xa0anos sobre intelig\xc3\xaancia colectiva e outra meta-heur\xc3\xadsticas, permite a constru\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o do estado de arte de tr\xc3\xaas das suas caracter\xc3\xadsticas: auto-organiza\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o, flexibilidade e robustez. O referido percurso te\xc3\xb3rico leva a compreens\xc3\xa3o das possibilidades de aplica\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o da intelig\xc3\xaancia colectiva n\xc3\xa3o s\xc3\xb3 em esp\xc3\xa9cies mas tamb\xc3\xa9m em n\xc3\xadveis de vida superiores como comunidades e ecossistemas. Dado que a longo prazo, a flexibilidade e a robustez emergem da auto-organiza\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o, sugere-se o estudo dos assuntos desta \xc3\xbaltima caracter\xc3\xadstica em redes empresariais (informa\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o, comunica\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o, lideran\xc3\xa7a, potencial criativo, perten\xc3\xa7a, autonomia, ac\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o colectiva, coopera\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o, interac\xc3\xa7\xc3\xa3o, liberdade e diversidade), assim como a an\xc3\xa1lise de redes suportada em redes e indicadores.'

Title: 'A Novel Algorithm of Posture Best Fit based on Key Characteristics for Large Components Assembly\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Lianyu'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827113005763
Abstract: 'AbstractMeasurement and variation control of geometrical Key Characteristics (KCs), such as flatness and gap of joint faces, coaxiality of cabin sections, is the crucial issue in large components assembly from the aerospace industry. Aiming to control geometrical KCs and to attain the best fit of posture, an optimization algorithm based on KCs for large components assembly is proposed. This approach regards the posture best fit, which is a key activity in Measurement Aided Assembly (MAA), as a two-phase optimal problem. In the first phase, the global measurement coordinate system of digital model and shop floor is unified with minimum error based on singular value decomposition, and the current posture of components being assembly is optimally solved in terms of minimum variation of all reference points. In the second phase, the best posture of the movable component is optimally determined by minimizing multiple KCs\xe2\x80\x99 variation with the constraints that every KC respectively conforms to its product specification. The optimal models and the process procedures for these two-phase optimal problems based on Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) are proposed. In each model, every posture to be calculated is modeled as a 6 dimensional particle (three movement and three rotation parameters). Finally, an example that two cabin sections of satellite mainframe structure are being assembled is selected to verify the effectiveness of the proposed approach, models and algorithms. The experiment result shows the approach is promising and will provide a foundation for further study and application.'

Title: 'A fault-tolerant triple-redundant voice coil motor for direct drive valves: Design, optimization, and experiment'
Author: 'Shuai'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936113000605
Abstract: 'AbstractA direct drive actuator (DDA) with direct drive valves (DDVs) as the control device is an ideal solution for a flight actuation system. This paper presents a novel triple-redundant voice coil motor (TRVCM) used for redundant DDVs. The TRVCM features electrical/mechanical hybrid triple-redundancy by securing three stators along with three moving coils in the same frame. A permanent magnet (PM) Halbach array is employed in each redundant VCM to simplify the system structure. A back-to-back design between neighborly redundancies is adopted to decouple the magnetic flux linkage. The particle swarm optimization (PSO) method is implemented to optimize design parameters based on the analytical magnetic circuit model. The optimization objective function is defined as the acceleration capacity of the motor to achieve high dynamic performance. The optimal geometric parameters are verified with 3D magnetic field finite element analysis (FEA). A research prototype has been developed for experimental purpose. The experimental results of magnetic field density and force output show that the proposed TRVCM has great potential of applications in DDA systems.'

Title: 'Double Motor Coordinated Control Based on Hybrid Genetic Algorithm and CMAC'
Author: 'Shaozhong'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389212014769
Abstract: 'AbstractA novel hybrid cerebellar model articulation controller (CMAC) and online adaptive genetic algorithm (GA) controller is introduced to control two Brushless DC motor (BLDCM) which applied in a biped robot. Genetic Algorithm simulates the random learning among the individuals of a group, and CMAC simulates the self-learning of an individual. To validate the ability and superiority of the novel algorithm, experiments have been done in MATLAB/SIMULINK. Analysis among GA, hybrid GA-CMAC and CMAC feed-forward control is also given. The results prove that the torque ripple of the coordinated control system is eliminated by using the hybrid GA-CMAC algorithm.'

Title: 'Designing Touch-Based Hybrid Authentication Method for Smartphones\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915032366
Abstract: "AbstractWith the privilege of using mobile devices it is crucial to protect Smartphones by authenticating legitimate users, while blocking attacker's access. Biometric authentication consists of physiological and behavioural authentication. Behavioural authentication system on smartphones is based on creating a regular behavioural model using adaptive machine learning classifiers. This paper aims to establish a normal-behavioural model and comparing it with the existing established model. This paper also proposes a hybrid authentication scheme comprises of continuous authentication (CA) and implicit authentication (IA) based on touch gestures. Particularly, the 14 gestures were extracted from touch-based gesture data that was collected from users\xe2\x80\x99 interaction with Android smartphones. The first evaluation results on a set of dataset prove that a neural network classifier is better fit to authenticate different users. Next, the Practical Swarm Optimisation (PSO) - Radial Basis Function Network (RBFN) classifier was used on the same datasets, which produced better results. Finally, users\xe2\x80\x99 data collected (actual dataset) was used to train and test all 6 classifiers including PSO-RBFN. The result of PSO-RBFN is the average error rate of 1.9%, which is encouraging. Moreover, combining the proposed CA scheme with an IA scheme, which is a pattern based will dramatically reduce the error rate to nearly 0."

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917301874
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'FULL-LENGTH ARTICLEA Global-best Harmony Search based Gradient Descent Learning FLANN (GbHS-GDL-FLANN) for data classification'
Author: 'Bighnaraj'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110866515000456
Abstract: 'AbstractWhile dealing with real world data for classification using ANNs, it is often difficult to determine the optimal ANN classification model with fast convergence. Also, it is laborious to adjust the set of weights of ANNs by using appropriate learning algorithm to obtain better classification accuracy. In this paper, a variant of Harmony Search (HS), called Global-best Harmony Search along with Gradient Descent Learning is used with Functional Link Artificial Neural Network (FLANN) for classification task in data mining. The Global-best Harmony Search (GbHS) uses the concepts of Particle Swarm Optimization from Swarm Intelligence to improve the qualities of harmonies. The problem solving strategies of Global-best Harmony Search along with searching capabilities of Gradient Descent Search are used to obtain optimal set of weight for FLANN. The proposed method (GbHS-GDL-FLANN) is implemented in MATLAB and compared with other alternatives (FLANN, GA based FLANN, PSO based FLANN, HS based FLANN, Improved HS based FLANN, Self Adaptive HS based FLANN, MLP, SVM and FSN). The GbHS-GDL-FLANN is tested on benchmark datasets from UCI Machine Learning repository by using 5-fold cross validation technique. The proposed method is analyzed under null-hypothesis by using Friedman Test, Holm and Hochberg Procedure and Post-Hoc ANOVA Statistical Analysis (Tukey Test & Dunnett Test) for statistical analysis and validity of results. Simulation results reveal that the performance of the proposed GbHS-GDL-FLANN is better and statistically significant from other alternatives.'

Title: 'Simplifying and improving ant-based clustering'
Author: 'Swee Chuan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050911000640
Abstract: 'AbstractAnt-based clustering (ABC) is a data clustering approach inspired from cemetery formation activities observed in real ant colonies. Building upon the premise of collective intelligence, such an approach uses multiple ant-like agents and a mixture of heuristics, in order to create systems that are capable of clustering real-world data. Many recently proposed ABC systems have shown competitive results, but these systems are geared towards adding new heuristics, resulting in increasingly complex systems that are harder to understand and improve. In contrast to this direction, we demonstrate that a state-of-the-art ABC system can be systematically evaluated and then simplified. The streamlined model, which we call SABC, differs fundamentally from traditional ABC systems as it does not use the ant-colony and several key components. Yet, our empirical study shows that SABC performs more effectively and effciently than the state-of-the-art ABC system.'

Title: 'Workcell for Hybrid Medical Device Fabrication\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Nicholas'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827117306418
Abstract: 'AbstractOptimizing assembly is an important process for fabrication of hybrid medical devices comprising multiple components and materials. The process is highly complex, time-consuming and requires the devices to be free from contamination. It requires highly skilled and well-trained workers and a sterile and conducive environment to perform the assembly operations. However, the assembly of medical devices is often neglected and/or overlooked. We propose a novel, intelligent workcell system design that aims to effectively guide operators in the assembly process while maintaining the necessary environmental settings. The potential of the proposed workcell for fabrication of an artificial trachea is investigated.'

Title: 'Disassembly Matrix for Liquid Crystal Displays Televisions\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'G.Q.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827113004885
Abstract: 'AbstractWaste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) are one of the most significant waste products in modern societies. Disassembly is a critical step to reduce Electrical and Electronic Equipment (EEE) waste. In the past two decades, despite disassembly has been applied to support recycling and remanufacturing of WEEE products worldwide, full disassembly of WEEE is rarely an ideal solution due to high disassembly cost. Disassembly planning and sequencing has therefore become an important but still a challenging research topic in recent years. In this paper, based on product model, space interference matrix can be generated to represent the space interference relationship between each component of product, and all feasible disassembly sequences can be obtained by analysing the space interference matrix in six directions in a 3D environment. The obtained feasible disassembly sequences can be used as solutions to support our developed Particle Swarm Optimisation (PSO)-based selective disassembly planning method to search optimised selective disassembly sequence for Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) televisions.'

Title: 'E-quality control: A support vector machines approach'
Author: 'Tzu-Liang (Bill)'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2288430015000597
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2This work uses innovative methods in e-quality with the application of SVM.\xe2\x80\xa2Many potential benefits of e-quality control have been presented and instantiated.\xe2\x80\xa2The classifier equations are built on the data obtained from the experiments.\xe2\x80\xa2A detailed analysis is presented for six different case studies.\xe2\x80\xa2The results indicate the robustness of proposed SVM classification.AbstractThe automated part quality inspection poses many challenges to the engineers, especially when the part features to be inspected become complicated. A large quantity of part inspection at a faster rate should be relied upon computerized, automated inspection methods, which requires advanced quality control approaches. In this context, this work uses innovative methods in remote part tracking and quality control with the aid of the modern equipment and application of support vector machine (SVM) learning approach to predict the outcome of the quality control process. The classifier equations are built on the data obtained from the experiments and analyzed with different kernel functions. From the analysis, detailed outcome is presented for six different cases. The results indicate the robustness of support vector classification for the experimental data with two output classes.'

Title: "Editors' Introduction"
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352864815000176
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Energy efficient clustering and routing in a wireless sensor networks'
Author: 'Asha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918311232
Abstract: 'AbstractWireless Sensor Network (WSN) is instrumental in transferring the data gathered by Sensors mounted on the Sensors Nodes (SNs) to the Base Station (BS). Lifetime of WSN is solely depends on the energy/battery life of SNs and higher the battery life longer the lifetime of Network. The sustained operation of WSN is achieved through the efficient consumption of SNs energy. In the recent past several energy conservation mechanism were proposed and among them LEACH-WSN was the most widespread methodology [1]. Further, the work pertaining to the sustained energy conservation mechanisms which are enriched with bio inspired technique or neural computational systems such as PSO-PSO-WSN, PSO-GSO-WSN, GSO-KGMO-WSN, FCM-PSO-GSO-WSN EBC-S or RSOM-WSN are reported [2-6]. In order to conserve energy in WSN; SNs are clustered using a set of criteria and gather the data at each Cluster Head (CH) to avoid redundant transfer of data to the BS. Further, gathered data is routed to the BS efficiently using intelligent routing process. In this paper, PSO-PSO-WSN, LEACH-WSN and EBC-S are compared with PSO-GSO-WSN, GSO-KGMO-WSN, FCM-PSO-GSO-WSN and RSOM-WSN. These methods are subjected to the Performance Evaluation (PE) in terms of alive nodes, dead nodes, energy consumption, throughput and total data/packet delivered.'

Title: 'Modeling and Trajectory Tracking with Cascaded PD Controller for Quadrotor'
Author: 'Chinari Subhechha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310275
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a nonlinear model of the quadcopter is developed using Newton-Euler formulations of motion and forces along with the design parameters. A cascaded robust PD controller is designed to track the given trajectory. The controller is designed in such a way that even if there are any disturbances, the system behaves well for the given set of inputs and the design parameters. The effectiveness of the proposed control scheme is being tested in simulation for the Quadcopter model; the results demonstrate improved tracking performance with least settling time and overshoot compared to the results presented in the literature.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915038582
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Overview of Progressive Evaluation Methods for Monitoring of Heat Production and Distribution\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Ivan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705817325286
Abstract: 'AbstractThe contribution describes the specific approach to the monitoring and evaluation of heat production and supply/distribution. The approach is based on application of progressive evaluation methods such as computational intelligence techniques. The proposal consists of data collecting module and monitoring/evaluation module. It is clear that to collect a large amount of data concerning heat production and distribution is a relatively simple task. It depends on selection of parameters, application of sensors and meters. The measured values are read with SCADA-type software. Following step is of a higher complexity: a decision, what to do with the data. The useful data processing is focused on efficiency, predictability, optimization of processes, and possibly on synergistic effects.'

Title: 'ResearchiCity & Big Data\xe2\x80\x94PerspectiveAutonomous Driving in the iCity\xe2\x80\x94HD Maps as a Key Challenge of the Automotive Industry'
Author: 'Heiko G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2095809916309432
Abstract: 'ABSTRACTThis article provides in-depth insights into the necessary technologies for automated driving in future cities. State of science is reflected from different perspectives such as in-car computing and data management, road side infrastructure, and cloud solutions. Especially the challenges for the application of HD maps as core technology for automated driving are depicted in this article.'

Title: 'Approaches and Challenges in Product Disassembly Planning for Sustainability\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.M.L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827117300148
Abstract: 'AbstractDue to the vast variety of products and end-of-life uncertainties of used products, product disassembly remains as a challenging research area. This paper aims to address the gap between sustainable product development and product life cycle through optimizing disassembly in each stage of the product life cycle. Firstly, a comprehensive review on design concepts for product development and relevant disassembly planning methodologies at the different phases of a product life cycle, such as Design for Disassembly (DfD), product service system (PSS), disassembly sequence generation (DSG), and reconfigurable disassembly systems (RDS) is presented. Next, a conceptual framework that leverages on emerging technology driven by Industry 4.0 and product family approach to facilitate product disassembly planning for sustainability is proposed. Lastly, a short summary on different challenges presented as well as the respective future work are elaborated.'

Title: 'A Hybrid EA for Reactive Flexible Job-shop Scheduling'
Author: 'Lin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912006308
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we consider a reactive flexible job-shop scheduling problem (rFJSP) under uncertainty environment. The most existing reactive scheduling methods are characterized by least commitment strategies such as real-time dispatching that create partial schedules based on local information. In rFJSP, two extensions of these dispatching strategies are to allow the system to select multiple machines assignment, and multiple operation process for each job. So, how to design an effective flexible rescheduling strategy is the key point of this paper. For solving this rFJSP, we propose a hybrid evolutionary algorithm (hEA) with combining genetic algorithm (GA) and particle swarm optimization (PSO). Finally, the experiments verify the effectiveness of proposed hEA, by comparing with different evolutionary approaches for several scale test problems of rFJSP.'

Title: 'An approach to continuous optimization by the Intelligent Water Drops algorithm'
Author: 'Hamed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877042812000341
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, the Intelligent Water Drops (IWD) algorithm is augmented with a mutation-based local search to find the optimal values of numerical functions. The proposed algorithm called the IWD-CO (IWD for continuous optimization) is tested with six different benchmark functions. The experimental results are satisfactory, which encourage further researches in this regard.'

Title: '\xe2\x80\x98In-situ\xe2\x80\x99 Inspection Technologies: Trends in Degradation Assessment and Associated Technologies\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sri'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221282711630988X
Abstract: 'AbstractThe advent of advanced, innovative and complex engineered systems has established new technologies that are far more superior and perform well even in harsh environments. It is well established that such next generation systems need to be maintained regularly to prevent any catastrophic failure as a result of regular wear and tear. Non-destructive and structural monitoring technologies have been supporting maintenance activities for over a century and industries still continue to rely on such technologies for effective degradation assessment. Maintenance \xe2\x80\x98in-situ\xe2\x80\x99 has been adopted for decades where the health of system or component needs to be inspected in its natural environment, especially those safety critical systems that need in-field inspection to determine its health. This paper presents selective case studies adopted in the area of damage assessment that qualify for both field and \xe2\x80\x98in-situ\xe2\x80\x99 inspection. The future directions in the applicability of traditional and advanced inspection techniques to inspect multiple materials and in the area of inaccessible area degradation assessment have also been presented as part of this study.'

Title: 'Brief paperDistributed optimal control for multi-agent trajectory optimization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Greg'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0005109813004470
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a novel optimal control problem, referred to as distributed optimal control, that is applicable to multiscale dynamical systems comprised of numerous interacting agents. The system performance is represented by an integral cost function of the macroscopic state that is optimized subject to a hyperbolic partial differential equation known as the advection equation. The microscopic control laws are derived from the optimal macroscopic description using a potential function approach. The optimality conditions of the distributed optimal control problem are first derived analytically and, then, demonstrated numerically through a multi-agent trajectory optimization problem.'

Title: 'Parameterised verification for multi-agent systems'
Author: 'Panagiotis'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370216000151
Abstract: 'AbstractWe study the problem of verifying role-based multi-agent systems, where the number of components cannot be determined at design time. We give a semantics that captures parameterised, generic multi-agent systems and identify three notable classes that represent different ways in which the agents may interact among themselves and with the environment. While the verification problem is undecidable in general we put forward cutoff procedures for the classes identified. The methodology is based on the existence of a notion of simulation between the templates for the agents and the template for the environment in the system. We show that the cutoff identification procedures as well as the general algorithms that we propose are sound; for one class we show the decidability of the verification problem and present a complete cutoff procedure. We report experimental results obtained on MCMAS-P, a novel model checker implementing the parameterised model checking methodologies here devised.'

Title: 'The future of nuclear security: Commitments and actions \xe2\x80\x93 Power generation and stewardship in the 21st century'
Author: 'P.G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0301421517305438
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Commentary on the challenges in current nuclear energy generation.\xe2\x80\xa2Policy issues faced by continued advancements in nuclear power.\xe2\x80\xa2Risks and advantages associated with technological advancements.\xe2\x80\xa2Review of implications of terrorist actions on nuclear safety and security.AbstractSince the terrorist events of the 11th September 2001, the world as it was once known was changed forever. It was these catastrophic terrorist actions over fifteen years ago that saw the dawn of a new era with heightened security across many everyday areas of society that had not previously witnessed such scrutiny or control. Coupling this elevated risk of physical and technical aggression with the ever-increasing global per capita energy demand \xe2\x80\x93 there has been witnessed a continually growing reliance on nuclear energy for baseline power generation, a form of electricity production that requires both the necessary international safeguards and controls for its safe use. As more and more of the global energy budget is provided by low-carbon sources (over highly-polluting fossil fuels), the volume of nuclear material in existence will grow substantially \xe2\x80\x93 requiring considerable attention and policy to ensure its long-term safety and security.This commentary describes the vast range of policy challenges faced by the nuclear industry resulting from the rapid technological advancements being made across society, and how these directly (and indirectly) affect global nuclear security, as well as providing a thorough discussion on how best these challenges may be overcome.'

Title: 'Master Assembly Network Generation'
Author: 'Mostafa'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118301938
Abstract: 'AbstractAssembly sequence planning is an important step. Traditional, assembly sequences are not planned for alternatives which limit the flexibility to handle changes on the shop floor. A novel method for generating a master assembly network with alternative sequences based on legacy assembly data for a product family is proposed. This method is inspired by the phylogenetic networks used in biology, namely the soft-wired galled network. A family of three control valves is used as a case study. This method decreases the needed time and cost of introducing a new product. The assembly network increases the flexibility and adaptability of the system.'

Title: 'BEMA: Binary Exchange Market Algorithm'
Author: 'Naser'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917325048
Abstract: 'AbstractExchange market algorithm (EMA) is one of the most recent population-based optimization algorithm. EMA inspired by the method of selling and purchasing of shares by elite stockbrokers, tries to solve the optimization problems. This algorithm has two searcher operators as well as two absorbent operators for individuals to be absorbed to the elite person, which leads to create and organize the random numbers in best way. The standard EMA algorithm is proposed only for continuous optimization problems. This paper proposes a binary version of EMA for discrete optimization problems. To investigate the performance of proposed binary exchange market algorithm on the discrete optimization, the algorithm has been successfully implemented on 7 Binary benchmark functions in large dimension variables. The obtained results indicate the high ability of the proposed algorithm in comparison with the other algorithms.'

Title: 'An Automated Assembly Process Planning System\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Charisis'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221282711600367X
Abstract: 'AbstractThe generation of assembly process plans of complex products is a challenging task. An assembly processing planning system reducing the human intervention and the computational effort is discussed. The method utilizes the information stored into the CAD model of the assembly for the extraction of the part precedence information which is then complemented with technological priorities. Results are demonstrated in an industrial case study from the optoelectronics industry.'

Title: 'Multi-pass turning process parameter optimization using teaching\xe2\x80\x93learning-based optimization algorithm'
Author: 'R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309813000035
Abstract: 'AbstractThe primary objective in multi-pass turning operations is to produce products with low cost and high quality, with a lower number of cuts. Parameter optimization plays an important role in achieving this goal. Process parameter optimization in a multi-pass turning operation usually involves the optimal selection of cutting speed, feed rate, depth of cut and number of passes. In this work, the parameter optimization of a multi-pass turning operation is carried out using a recently developed advanced optimization algorithm, named, the teaching\xe2\x80\x93learning-based optimization algorithm. Two different examples are considered that have been attempted previously by various researchers using different optimization techniques, such as simulated annealing, the genetic algorithm, the ant colony algorithm, and particle swarm optimization, etc. The first example is a multi-objective problem and the second example is a single objective multi-constrained problem with 20 constraints. The teaching\xe2\x80\x93learning-based optimization algorithm has proved its effectiveness over other algorithms.'

Title: 'Using docker for factory system software management: Experience report'
Author: 'Richard'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118303317
Abstract: 'AbstractAs factories become increasingly computerised, and with the increasing interest in Cyber-Physical-Systems and the Internet-of-Things, the issues of software management, deployment, configuration and integration are expected to become increasingly important. This paper reports on the ongoing experiences of using the Docker container technology in a major EU research project targeting smart factories. Docker is used to distribute, deploy and manage the configuration of multiple software modules between multiple teams and demonstrator sites in multiple locations, where each module can use its own mixture of protocols, programming languages and platforms.'

Title: 'Towards an Integrated Conceptual Design Evaluation of Mechatronic Systems: The SysDICE Approach\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mohammad'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915009886
Abstract: 'AbstractMechatronic systems play a significant role in different types of industry, especially in trans- portation, aerospace, automotive and manufacturing. Although their multidisciplinary nature provides enormous functionalities, it is still one of the substantial challenges which frequently impede their design process. Notably, the conceptual design phase aggregates various engi- neering disciplines, project and business management fields, where different methods, modeling languages and software tools are applied. Therefore, an integrated environment is required to intimately engage the different domains together. This paper outlines a model-based research approach for an integrated conceptual design evaluation of mechatronic systems using SysML. Particularly, the state of the art is highlighted, most important challenges, remaining problems in this field and a novel solution is proposed, named SysDICE, combining model based system engineering and artificial intelligence techniques to support for achieving efficient design.'

Title: 'DWT-based Feature Extraction and Radon Transform Based Contrast Enhancement for Improved Iris Recognition\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Swathi S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915003713
Abstract: 'AbstractIris based authentication system is essentially a pattern recognition technique that makes use of iris patterns, which are statistically unique, for the purpose of personal identification. In this paper, a novel method for recognition of iris patterns is proposed by using a combination of pre-processing using Radon transform and Top hat filtering, feature extraction using Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) and Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT), and feature selection using Binary Particle Swarm Optimization. Individual stages are examined and an attempt is made to improve each stage. Radon transform is used for detecting lines present in the iris textures and Top hat filtering is used for image enhancement. A combination of DWT and DCT is used to extract the salient iris features. A BPSO-based feature selection algorithm is used to search the feature vector space for the optimal feature subset. Experimental results on two benchmark iris databases, namely Phoenix and IITD, depict promising performance of the proposed techniques for iris recognition.'

Title: 'Firefly photinus search algorithm'
Author: 'Waleed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319157818300673
Abstract: 'AbstractFirefly Algorithm (FA) is one of the new natural inspired optimization algorithms. It is inspired by the flashing behavior of the fireflies. Firefly algorithm, has some drawbacks such as getting trapped into several local optima, FA parameters are set fixed without change during iterations time. Besides that, it does not memorize or remember the history of any situation for each iteration. In this paper, we propos a firefly photinus algorithm (FPA) based on the initialize mate list to solve problems of trapped into several local optima and remember history of situation to forbidden fireflies movements in mate list (history) during the search process, and propose new absorption parameter \xcf\x83 to change the parameters during iterations time which lead to balance between exploration and exploitation, and it controls the dominance area of a lighter firefly during time iterations by reduction or increase \xcf\x83 coefficient whether. The experimental results tested on thirteen benchmark functions are selected to evaluate performance of the FPA and to compare it with the standards of the FA and Some FA variants algorithm, it show that FPA algorithm can outperform FA and FA variants algorithm in most of the experiments.'

Title: 'ReviewBig Data in Smart Farming \xe2\x80\x93 A review'
Author: 'Sjaak'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0308521X16303754
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Big Data is expected to have a large impact on Smart Farming and involves the whole supply chain.\xe2\x80\xa2Smart sensors and devices produce big amounts of data that provide unprecedented decision-making capabilities.\xe2\x80\xa2Big Data is expected to cause major shifts in roles and power relations among traditional and non-traditional players.\xe2\x80\xa2Governance (incl. data ownership, privacy, security) and business models are key issues to be addressed in future research.AbstractSmart Farming is a development that emphasizes the use of information and communication technology in the cyber-physical farm management cycle. New technologies such as the Internet of Things and Cloud Computing are expected to leverage this development and introduce more robots and artificial intelligence in farming. This is encompassed by the phenomenon of Big Data, massive volumes of data with a wide variety that can be captured, analysed and used for decision-making. This review aims to gain insight into the state-of-the-art of Big Data applications in Smart Farming and identify the related socio-economic challenges to be addressed. Following a structured approach, a conceptual framework for analysis was developed that can also be used for future studies on this topic. The review shows that the scope of Big Data applications in Smart Farming goes beyond primary production; it is influencing the entire food supply chain. Big data are being used to provide predictive insights in farming operations, drive real-time operational decisions, and redesign business processes for game-changing business models. Several authors therefore suggest that Big Data will cause major shifts in roles and power relations among different players in current food supply chain networks. The landscape of stakeholders exhibits an interesting game between powerful tech companies, venture capitalists and often small start-ups and new entrants. At the same time there are several public institutions that publish open data, under the condition that the privacy of persons must be guaranteed. The future of Smart Farming may unravel in a continuum of two extreme scenarios: 1) closed, proprietary systems in which the farmer is part of a highly integrated food supply chain or 2) open, collaborative systems in which the farmer and every other stakeholder in the chain network is flexible in choosing business partners as well for the technology as for the food production side. The further development of data and application infrastructures (platforms and standards) and their institutional embedment will play a crucial role in the battle between these scenarios. From a socio-economic perspective, the authors propose to give research priority to organizational issues concerning governance issues and suitable business models for data sharing in different supply chain scenarios.'

Title: 'Backtracking Algorithm-based Disassembly Sequence Planning\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Bingbing'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827117309393
Abstract: 'AbstractDisassembly sequence planning (DSP) is one of the core research themes of product life cycle design. Effective DSP can reduce product life cycle costs as well as their environmental effects and provides a theoretical future foundation for recycling and improving sustainability performance. The problem with current heuristic artificial intelligence algorithms is that the outcome may have a local extremum; therefore, it may not generate the exact or even the approximate optimum solution. For a specific sequence planning problem, some algorithm parameters need to be adjusted in order to generate a perfect solution. In this study, the objective is to create new DSP by integrating a constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) based on backtracking algorithms. First, the relationship between DSP and the CSP was analysed. Then, the DSP was converted into a CSP based on a disassembly constraint graph (DCG). The solution flowchart of DSP and the CSP-associated algorithms, based on backtracking algorithms, are presented in this article for a dishwasher recycling case study. The outcome of this study shows that the created method can effectively find all of the feasible disassembly sequences as well as the optimum sequence for recycling. Ultimately, these results can be effectively applied to more appliances for future use.'

Title: 'Original ArticlePower optimization of planar redundant manipulator moving along constrained-end trajectory using hybrid techniques'
Author: 'Mohamed M.Y.B.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110016817300571
Abstract: 'AbstractOptimum trajectory planning for a planar redundant manipulator which consumes minimum power is considered in this paper. The equations of motion for the manipulator are derived in matrix form using Lagrange Equation. Two hybrid optimization algorithms with constrained variables during the search have been presented and compared to design an optimal trajectory for planar redundant manipulator based on minimum power to be consumed. Two trajectories with the same initial angular displacement of the manipulator joints and two different angular positions at the end of the trajectories are studied. Both the hybrid technique of the Genetic Algorithm (GA) and the constrained Fmin function (GA-Fmincon) and the hybrid genetic algorithm with the pattern search (GA-PS) subjected to the same constraints give the same results for the trajectory that ends with angular displacements of (\xcf\x80/2,\xc2\xa00,\xc2\xa00)\xc2\xa0rad with trivial differences in the power values at any arbitrary mission period. For the second trajectory, which ends with angular positions of (1,\xc2\xa01,\xc2\xa01)\xc2\xa0rad, the GA-PS gives a penalty function of smaller value.'

Title: 'Simplifying Crowd Automation in the Virtual Laboratory of Archaeology\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Lu\xc3\xads Miguel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221201731400019X
Abstract: 'AbstractVirtual archaeology projects have been evolving to go beyond a mere reconstruction of architecture and artefacts of heritage sites: human interaction with the environment is also an object of research for historians and archaeologists. Methodologies like the London Charter propose that historians and archaeologists, in close collaboration with technical teams, lead virtual archaeology projects to guarantee the credibility and scientific validation of the result. The question is how to allow historians to model crowds on their own, if lacking the required skills to programme complex artificial intelligent-driven autonomous agents. In this article a method is proposed, currently under development, to allow non-programmers will be able to successfully model crowds using very simple tools that do not require formal programming knowledge but can still provide convincing results. The underlying idea is to employ concepts borrowed from computer games, whose interfaces are targeted to non-experts and adapt them to the specificities of virtual world platforms like Second Life\xc2\xae and OpenSimulator. Moreover, some limitations and ideas for further extension are discussed.'

Title: 'Integrated Machine Learning in the Kepler Scientific Workflow System\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mai H.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916310365
Abstract: 'AbstractWe present a method to integrate multiple implementations of a machine learning algorithm in Kepler actors. This feature enables the user to compare accuracy and scalability of various implementations of a machine learning technique without having to change the workflow. These actors are based on the Execution Choice actor. They can be incorporated into any workflow to provide machine learning functionality. We describe a use case where actors that provide several implementations of k-means clustering can be used in a workflow to process sensor data from weather stations for predicting wildfire risks.'

Title: 'Editorial\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917300017
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Chemistry space\xe2\x80\x93time\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'David A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2213020915000270
Abstract: 'AbstractAs Einstein identified so clearly, space and time are intimately related. We discuss the relationship between time and Euclidean space using spectroscopic and radioastronomical studies of interstellar chemistry as an example. Given the finite speed of light, we are clearly studying chemical reactions occurring tens of thousands of years ago that may elucidate the primordial chemistry of this planet several billion years ago. We also explore space of a different kind \xe2\x80\x93 chemical space, with many more dimensions than the four we associate as space\xe2\x80\x93time. Vast chemical spaces also need very efficient (computational) methods for their exploration to overcome this \xe2\x80\x98curse of dimensionality\xe2\x80\x99. We discuss methods by which the time to explore these new spaces can be very substantially reduced, opening the discovery useful new materials that are the key to our future.'

Title: 'Conference title 2010 Symposium on Security Detection and Information ProcessingDetection and localization of improvised explosive devices based on 3-axis magnetic sensor array system'
Author: 'Renhao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705810009951
Abstract: 'AbstractThe detection and localization of improvised explosive devices(IEDs) on the roadside is a new subject encountered in the struggle against terrorism. A novel detection and localization method was proposed for IEDs based on magnetic signals. Since most of the IEDs have the ferromagnetic properties, the magnetic field produced around the body by the IED can be detected by 3-axis fluxgate sensor array system. With these detected sensor data, the detection and localization of the IED can be computed by an appropriate method based on magnetic dipole model and nonlinear optimization algorithm. This paper studied respectively the properties of explosives and roads as target and environment to be detected. First, the gradient of total magnetic field was directly reconstructed from the magnetic field and the data of sensor array. In order to reduce the effects of the Earth\xe2\x80\x99s magnetic field, the total gradient contraction was used to detect the IEDs. Second, the localization and magnetic moment parameters were searched in the rough by adopting the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm and the precision ones were found by using steepest descent method. Simulation results show that the method mentioned achieves good effects, the maximum detection range of the sensor array can reach to 12 m for a 15\xc2\xa0Am2 target and the mean errors of localization and magnetic moment estimation are less than 0.16 m and 1\xc2\xa0Am2 respectively. Since the method need not know the IED\xe2\x80\x99s magnetic moment in advance, it is adapt to battlefield environment. In addition, this detection method can be directly applied to solve the problem of detecting and localizing underwater IEDs.'

Title: 'Differed Restructuring of Neural Connectome Using Evolutionary Neurodynamic Algorithm for Improved M2M Online Learning'
Author: 'Ankush'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309827
Abstract: 'AbstractOntological nodes and training material, in any case, contain however a little part of the quickly developing volume of unstructured contents accessible across training datasets ranging from the greater part of heterogeneous "learning". Recovery of these assets is constrained to keyword search, which is in a far-reaching way incognizant in regards to the normal sequential semantic connection in which the query is often requested and all the more essentially for more importantly for development of a perception about a learned concept through the sequential arrangement of information. Numerous core topics covered in several referential sources when no two are precisely similar, with one frequently more suitable when seen in a connection of an ontological relational modalities of semantic web and online training of network based on continuous streaming database; while other on giving major insights of practical implementation. The objective of this work is to present an evolutionary neurodynamic framework to mine such process based learning validated by the visual recording & extraction of neural weights through neurodynamic neural experiences when going through the referenced content. The motivation of this behavioral modeling of autonomous machine\xe2\x80\x99s reaction working as the feedback of the learning content set forth above hinges on the principal capacity to gather a structure of a curricular graph automatically from the training datasets. As it empowers the acknowledgment of: 1) Sharing of neural experiences with the help of structurally sequenced networked topology of such large sample of training datasets resources - with the idea of dynamic analysis and linking of key resources in the mechanism with which the learner develops a general concept about the subject which can be latter re-used or shared with other user\'s and thus facilitating the qualitative evaluation of the ontological nodes content and its contribution in facilitating deep grasp of the data from feedback loop. 2) Obtaining information driven ontological knowledge base from the curricular relations inside and crosswise over other learning resources and 3) Generating customized, focused curricula, utilizing the tremendous assets of heterogeneous modalities on the training datasets.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917321403
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Development of Electromyography Signal Signature for Forearm Muscle\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'I.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091503848X
Abstract: "AbstractElectromyography (EMG) measures muscle response or electrical activity in response to a nerve's stimulation of the muscle. EMG is generally acquired through surface and needle or wire electrodes. The needle or wire electrodes are usually used by clinicians in a clinical setting. This paper concentrates on surface electromyography (sEMG) signal that is acquired in a research laboratory since sEMG is increasingly being recognized as the gold standard for the analysis of muscle activation. The sEMG can utilized for establishing signal signature for forearm muscles that becomes an important input in development of rehabilitative devices. This paper discusses the establishment of sEMG signal signature of female and male subjects for forearm muscles such as extensor carpi radialis, flexor carpi radialis, palmaris longus and pronator teres based on movements such as wrist extension and flexion, hand open and close, and forearm supination and pronation. This was achieved through the use of Butterworth Bessel, Elliptic and Chebyshev filters. The sEMG signal signature could be useful in the development of rehabilitation device of upper extremities."

Title: 'Review ArticleEvolutionary computation in China: A literature survey'
Author: 'Maoguo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468232216300798
Abstract: 'AbstractEvolutionary computation (EC) has received significant attention in China during the last two decades. In this paper, we present an overview of the current state of this rapidly growing field in China. Chinese research in theoretical foundations of EC, EC-based optimization, EC-based data mining, and EC-based real-world applications are summarized.'

Title: 'Evolutionary Algorithm based Optimal Angle strategy for a Cascade H-bridge Inverter'
Author: 'Aeidapu'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917328181
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents an approach using Pigeon Inspired Optimization (PIO) for selective harmonic elimination in a cascaded H-bridge (CHB) multilevel inverter fed with unequal dc sources. The aim of this work is to find the optimal combination of switching angles, such that the lower order harmonics are eliminated and the output voltage is constant irrespective of voltage change in the input side. This paper the PIO has been used to find the optimal angles for a 7-level inverter and the method can be scaled to any number of levels. To show the effectiveness of PIO the results have been compared with the results obtained using genetic algorithm (GA). The results show that the PIO is the most accurate and fastest evolutionary algorithm for switching angle optimization for the case of un-equal dc voltages.'

Title: 'A Novel Robust Metric for Comparing the Intelligence of Two Cooperative Multiagent Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Laszlo Barna'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916320555
Abstract: "AbstractCooperative multiagent systems are used for solving many computational hard problems. In the scientific literature, the intelligence of cooperative multiagent systems is considered at the systems\xe2\x80\x99 level and is based on the \xe2\x80\x9cintelligent problem solving\xe2\x80\x9d consideration (highly efficient and flexible problems solving; difficult problem solving, with missing or erroneous data; efficient solving of NP \xe2\x80\x93 hard problems). In this paper, we propose a novel accurate metric called MetrIntComp (Metric for Cooperative Multiagent Systems Intelligence Comparison) for a robust comparison of two cooperative multiagent system's intelligence, effective even in the case of small differences in intelligence between the considered systems. For proving the effectiveness of the metric we considered an illustrative case study for two cooperative multiagent systems composed of simple agents, in that the intelligence emerge at the systems\xe2\x80\x99 level, each of them specialized on solving the same type of computational difficult, NP-hard problem. The conclusion of the case study was that the metric is able to make a differentiation between the two multiagent systems even the numerical difference between the measured intelligence is small. Based on this fact, the two multiagent systems could not be considered that belong to the same class of intelligence."

Title: 'Full Length ArticleSelection of parameters for advanced machining processes using firefly algorithm'
Author: 'Rajkamal'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098616300593
Abstract: 'AbstractAdvanced machining processes (AMPs) are widely utilized in industries for machining complex geometries and intricate profiles. In this paper, two significant processes such as electric discharge machining (EDM) and abrasive water jet machining (AWJM) are considered to get the optimum values of responses for the given range of process parameters. The firefly algorithm (FA) is attempted to the considered processes to obtain optimized parameters and the results obtained are compared with the results given by previous researchers. The variation of process parameters with respect to the responses are plotted to confirm the optimum results obtained using FA. In EDM process, the performance parameter \xe2\x80\x9cMRR\xe2\x80\x9d is increased from 159.70\xc2\xa0gm/min to 181.6723\xc2\xa0gm/min, while \xe2\x80\x9cRa\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cREWR\xe2\x80\x9d are decreased from 6.21\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm to 3.6767\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm and 6.21% to 6.324\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa010\xe2\x88\x925% respectively. In AWJM process, the value of the \xe2\x80\x9ckerf\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cRa\xe2\x80\x9d are decreased from 0.858\xc2\xa0mm to 0.3704\xc2\xa0mm and 5.41\xc2\xa0mm to 4.443\xc2\xa0mm respectively. In both the processes, the obtained results show a significant improvement in the responses.'

Title: 'Na\xc3\xafve Creature with Fear and Desire Learning to Cross a Highway\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Anna T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914002087
Abstract: 'AbstractWe describe a model of simple cognitive agent (na\xc3\xafve creature) learning to cross a highway. The na\xc3\xafve creature may experience fear and/or desire when crossing a highway and is capable of evaluating crossing strategies for adoption or rejection. Our simulations show that the creatures\xe2\x80\x99 population success of crossing a single lane unidirectional traffic highway is influenced by the conditions of the environment; i.e. the cars density, the presence or absence of the \xe2\x80\x9cerratic drivers\xe2\x80\x9d, and by the levels of the fear and/or desire each creature may experience. Creatures\xe2\x80\x99 ability to move along the highway and preservation of the knowledge base from one learning environment to another one improves creatures\xe2\x80\x99 population success of crossing the highway.'

Title: 'A Review of the Applications of Bio-inspired Flower Pollination Algorithm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Haruna'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915025739
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Flower Pollination Algorithm (FPA) is a novel bio-inspired optimization algorithm that mimics the real life processes of the flower pollination. In this paper, we review the applications of the Single Flower Pollination Algorithm (SFPA), Multi-objective Flower Pollination Algorithm an extension of the SFPA and the Hybrid of FPA with other bio-inspired algorithms. The review has shown that there is still a room for the extension of the FPA to Binary FPA. The review presented in this paper can inspire researchers in the bio-inspired algorithms research community to further improve the effectiveness of the PFA as well as to apply the algorithm in other domains for solving real life, complex and nonlinear optimization problems in engineering and industry. Further research and open questions were highlighted in the paper.'

Title: 'Intelligent facial emotion recognition using moth-firefly optimization'
Author: 'Li'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0950705116302799
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A descriptor combining LBP, LGBP and LBPV is proposed for feature extraction.\xe2\x80\xa2Moth-firefly optimization is proposed for feature selection.\xe2\x80\xa2It mitigates premature convergence of FA and MFO algorithms.\xe2\x80\xa2Simulated Annealing is also used to further improve the most promising solution.\xe2\x80\xa2It outperforms other optimization and facial expression recognition methods.AbstractIn this research, we propose a facial expression recognition system with a variant of evolutionary firefly algorithm for feature optimization. First of all, a modified Local Binary Pattern descriptor is proposed to produce an initial discriminative face representation. A variant of the firefly algorithm is proposed to perform feature optimization. The proposed evolutionary firefly algorithm exploits the spiral search behaviour of moths and attractiveness search actions of fireflies to mitigate premature convergence of the Levy-flight firefly algorithm (LFA) and the moth-flame optimization (MFO) algorithm. Specifically, it employs the logarithmic spiral search capability of the moths to increase local exploitation of the fireflies, whereas in comparison with the flames in MFO, the fireflies not only represent the best solutions identified by the moths but also act as the search agents guided by the attractiveness function to increase global exploration. Simulated Annealing embedded with Levy flights is also used to increase exploitation of the most promising solution. Diverse single and ensemble classifiers are implemented for the recognition of seven expressions. Evaluated with frontal-view images extracted from CK+, JAFFE, and MMI, and 45-degree multi-view and 90-degree side-view images from BU-3DFE and MMI, respectively, our system achieves a superior performance, and outperforms other state-of-the-art feature optimization methods and related facial expression recognition models by a significant margin.'

Title: 'Learning from others: Exchange of classification rules in intelligent distributed systems'
Author: 'Dominik'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370212000410
Abstract: 'AbstractLearning by an exchange of knowledge and experiences enables humans to act efficiently in a very dynamic environment. Thus, it would be highly desirable to enable intelligent distributed systems to behave in a way which follows that biological archetype. We believe that knowledge exchange will become increasingly important in many application areas such as intrusion detection, driver assistance, or robotics. Constituents of a distributed system such as software agents, cars equipped with smart sensors, or intelligent robots may learn from each other by exchanging knowledge in form of classification rules, for instance. This article proposes techniques for the exchange of classification rules that represent uncertain knowledge. For that purpose, we introduce methods for knowledge acquisition in dynamic environments, for gathering and using meta-knowledge about rules (i.e., experience), and for rule exchange in distributed systems. The methods are based on a probabilistic knowledge modeling approach. We describe the results of two case studies where we show that knowledge exchange (exchange of learned rules) may be superior to information exchange (exchange of raw observations, i.e. samples) and demonstrate that the use of experiences (meta-knowledge concerning the rules) may improve that rule exchange process further. Some possible real application scenarios are sketched briefly and an application in the field of intrusion detection in computer networks is elaborated in more detail.'

Title: 'Bankruptcy prediction in firms with statistical and intelligent techniques and a comparison of evolutionary computation approaches'
Author: 'Mu-Yen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122111008947
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we compare some traditional statistical methods for predicting financial distress to some more \xe2\x80\x9cunconventional\xe2\x80\x9d methods, such as decision tree classification, neural networks, and evolutionary computation techniques, using data collected from 200 Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation (TSEC) listed companies. Empirical experiments were conducted using a total of 42 ratios including 33 financial, 8 non-financial and 1 combined macroeconomic index, using principle component analysis (PCA) to extract suitable variables.This paper makes four critical contributions: (1) with nearly 80% fewer financial ratios by the PCA method, the prediction performance is still able to provide highly-accurate forecasts of financial bankruptcy; (2) we show that traditional statistical methods are better able to handle large datasets without sacrificing prediction performance, while intelligent techniques achieve better performance with smaller datasets and would be adversely affected by huge datasets; (3) empirical results show that C5.0 and CART provide the best prediction performance for imminent bankruptcies; and (4) Support Vector Machines (SVMs) with evolutionary computation provide a good balance of high-accuracy short- and long-term performance predictions for healthy and distressed firms. Therefore, the experimental results show that the Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) integrated with SVM (PSO\xe2\x80\x93SVM) approach could be considered for predicting potential financial distress.'

Title: 'WSN in Monitoring Oil Pipelines Using ACO and GA\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Ola E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915009588
Abstract: 'AbstractWireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) are one of the most important technologies in the fields of wireless networking today. WSNs have a vast amount of applications including sensors embedded in the outer surface of pipeline or mounted along the supporting structure of bridges, robotics and health care. In this paper, we study the issues of linear sensor placement to monitor oil pipelines. We address the problem of optimal number of sensors to be deployed given initial energy of each sensor node and message buffering limitations. The objectives of the deployment process are: 1) maximizing the coverage of the pipe, 2) producing a connected network, and 3) prolonging the overall network lifetime. The paper utilizes two of the evolutionary algorithms to solve the deployment problem which are Genetic Algorithms (GA) and Ant Colony Optimization (ACO). Extensive set of experiments are performed for performance evaluation.'

Title: 'A Theoretical Background for the Reconfigurable Layout Problem\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Isabela'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917305620
Abstract: 'AbstractThe production system configuration must be able to adapt to varying market demands. The global competition, high product variety and variable volumes require the launch of products with short life cycle and high customization degree. Thus, the approaches to solve this problem should achieve more flexible layouts, while optimizing performance measures. This work presents a systematic literature review of the Reconfigurable Layout Problem (RLP), which has shown potential to satisfy the current manufacturing needs. Specifically, it combines a bibliometric, a network and a content analysis to verify the existence of clusters and the evolution of this subject over the years.'

Title: 'Group Consensus in Networked Mechanical Systems with Communication Delays\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Jinwei'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2210983817301037
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper studies the adaptive group consensus problem of networked mechanical systems formulated by Lagrangian dynamics under directed acyclic network topology by the use of adaptive control scheme based on neural networks. A distributed group consensus algorithm is proposed for such networked mechanical systems with communication delays, and then a simple yet generic criterion on the convergence for such algorithm over directed acyclic topology is established. Furthermore, the effect of time delays on the performance of adaptive group consensus are numerically investigated. It is shown that the networked mechanical systems with communication delays can always reach the group consensus if each subgroup has a directed spanning tree. Subsequently, numerical examples illustrate and visualize the effectiveness and feasibility of the theoretical results.'

Title: 'First Comparison of SARL to Other Agent-Programming Languages and Frameworks'
Author: 'Maxime'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091731058X
Abstract: 'Abstract:This paper proposes a first comparison of different agent-oriented programming languages, including the SARL agent-programming language. The study of those tools is based upon various criteria that are defining the essential aspects of multi-agent systems. For the sake of clarity, the comparative study is presented in a tabular form, including the languages and all the criteria. For each criterion, a definition is made to understand its meaning. At the end of the article, all the languages will be described in order to define their advantages and disadvantages.'

Title: 'Uniform multi-agent deployment on a ring\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yotam'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397510006614
Abstract: 'AbstractWe consider two variants of the task of spreading a swarm of agents uniformly on a ring graph. Ant-like oblivious agents having limited capabilities are considered. The agents are assumed to have little memory, they all execute the same algorithm and no direct communication is allowed between them. Furthermore, the agents do not possess any global information. In particular, the size of the ring (n) and the number of agents in the swarm (k) are unknown to them. The agents are assumed to operate on an unweighted ring graph. Every agent can measure the distance to his two neighbors on the ring, up to a limited range of V edges.The first task considered, is dynamical (i.e. in motion) uniform deployment on the ring. We show that if either the ring is unoriented, or the visibility range is less than \xe2\x8c\x8an/k\xe2\x8c\x8b, this is an impossible mission for the agents. Then, for an oriented ring and V\xe2\x89\xa5\xe2\x8c\x88n/k\xe2\x8c\x89, we propose an algorithm which achieves the deployment task in optimal time. The second task discussed, called quiescent spread, requires the agents to spread uniformly over the ring and stop moving. We prove that under our model, in which every agent can measure the distance only to his two neighbors, this task is impossible. Subsequently, we propose an algorithm which achieves quiescent but only almost uniform spread.The algorithms we present are scalable and robust. In case the environment (the size of the ring) or the number of agents changes during the run, the swarm adapts and re-deploys without requiring any outside interference.'

Title: 'ARRs based sensor placement optimization for fault diagnosis'
Author: 'D.U.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811025501
Abstract: 'AbstractAnalytical redundancy relations (ARRs) are used frequently in the arena of diagnosis as well as optimizing, analyzing, and validating of sensors of the system, but less attention has been paid to the development of systematic and efficient approaches for the generation of complete ARRs set. An efficient method for generating the ARRs is presented in this paper and the hypothetical signature matrix (HSM) is obtained consequently. Then the optimal sensor placement problem is mapped onto a special case of the 0-1 integer programming (IP) problem,which is solved by the algorithm of binary particle swarm optimization (BPSO) in the end. The effectiveness of the method is verified by the application of a synthetic example.'

Title: 'Intelligent Optimization for Sculptured Surface CNC Tool-paths\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'N.A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116309222
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper suggests the application of genetic algorithms for the intelligent generation of optimum sculptured surface CNC machining tool-paths. Two robust full quadratic mathematical models are developed relating the physical relation among machining surface deviation and resulting cutting time; quality objectives which are treated as conflicting ones. The independent variables are the tool inclination angles -lead and tilt- in the case of 5-axis machining and step-over engagement among subsequent XY passes; using a toroidal cutter. A Box-Behnken response surface design was established to prepare and conduct simulation experiments in a cutting-edge manufacturing software using a benchmark multivariable sculptured surface and a special multi-axis tool-path strategy. The genetic algorithm utilizes both models expressed as a common Pareto-based fitness function so that multi-objective optimization is achieved, yet; arriving at one optimum solution to ease the efforts of end-users and numerical control programmers. The methodology is validated by utilizing the genetic algorithm's recommendations for the settings of the machining parameters and the optimum tool-path simulation is performed to verify the operation."

Title: 'AR-guided Product Disassembly for Maintenance and Remanufacturing\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.M.L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116313543
Abstract: 'AbstractProduct disassembly is an inevitable operation during the two essential modules in realizing a sustainable product life cycle: routine maintenance and end-of-life strategies particularly remanufacturing. In this paper, an AR-guided product disassembly (ARDIS) framework with an automatic content generation module is proposed to improve the efficiency of the disassembly process performed by human operator without expert intervention. Through intuitive AR-guidance in disassembling a product, the quality of maintenance services and effective core-retrieval during remanufacturing can be improved. A disassembly sequence table is first generated based on product ontology. Next, an automatic content generation domain will link the generated sequence with appropriate virtual information based on the taxonomy of visual cues. The final virtual content rendered on the real scene serves as straightforward step-by-step guide to the human operator. A case study of Nespresso machine is presented to demonstrate the preliminary workflow of the proposed framework.'

Title: 'Modelling and simulation of logistics service selection in cloud manufacturing'
Author: 'Longfei'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118303561
Abstract: 'AbstractCloud manufacturing is a service-oriented and networked manufacturing model in which manufacturing resources are provided to demanders in the manner of manufacturing services through the cloud manufacturing platform. The optimal selection problem of manufacturing services plays an important role in searching the optimal manufacturing services for specific tasks. As a special type of manufacturing services in cloud manufacturing, logistics services provide transport services for different service providers and customers. The optimal selection of logistics services is important for guaranteeing just-in-time delivery of products to service demanders. In this paper, the characteristics of logistics service selection (LSS) problem are analyzed and a mathematical model is built in terms of optimization objective, an example and general solutions. Besides, some simulations are conducted to verify the proposed LSS model. Results show that the average task delivery time obtained by the proposed model is shorter than the fastest strategy and the nearest strategy in the cloud manufacturing environment.'

Title: 'Machine Cell Formation with Alternative Routings based on Genetic Algorithm'
Author: 'Manash'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091830989X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn automated batch type production systems, machine-part cell formation problems (CFP) have long drawn attention of researchers. The objective of CFP in cellular manufacturing system (CMS) is to identity machine cells and part families in order to minimize the intercellular movements of parts as well as maximize the utilization of machines. Optimum cell formation results reduction in total production times, in-process inventories, material handling cost, labor cost/times, paper works, number of machine set-ups, set-up times. It also simplifies process plans, management and improves product quality, productivity, utilization of resources. Since the modern manufacturing machines are generally multifunctional, so the processing of parts can be performed by number of alternative routes. The objectives of this study are to determine the optimal machine cells with optimal processing route and balanced machine cells (minimum cell load variation). Here a genetic algorithm heuristic approach is presented for six benchmark problems with multiple process routes, sequence of processes and parts volume. Computational outcome show that the proposed heuristic gives better result comparatively with the well-known existing methods in terms of total intercellular movements.'

Title: 'EditorialSpecial section on the Programming Languages track at the 26th ACM Symposium on Applied Computing'
Author: 'Marjan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167642312002122
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Preface to Part III Modern and Biologically Inspired Paradigm'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091100514X
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914015191
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Modular Design and Optimization for Intelligent Assembly System'
Author: 'Chao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118301689
Abstract: 'AbstractFor precision assembly of multiple species and variable batch productions, the existing problems are: assembly accuracy is low, and assembly efficiency is poor. This paper presents module design and optimization approaches for intelligent assembly system, meeting a large variety of assembly requirements. In addition, the connotation and components of the intelligent assembly system are described in detail. Then, based on the general functional integrity of the intelligent assembly system, the principle of module division about assembly system is proposed, and the basic functional modules have been divided. Taking the assembly accuracy, mass, work range, and work time as optimization targets, using genetic algorithm optimization method, we optimized the key modules\xe2\x80\x99 sizes of assembly cell, and obtained the optimal sizes of key modules of the intelligent assembly system. The module design and optimization approaches can provide theoretical guidance and technical support to design the assembly system for precision microstructures.'

Title: 'Improved BABC Algorithm for Matching of Remanufacturing Service Resource Module'
Author: 'Lei'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221282711830129X
Abstract: 'AbstractRemanufacturing service is a new industrial pattern integrated remanufacturing and service, as well as a new advanced manufacturing mode. In order to solve the difficulty in module matching caused by large variety and quantity of remanufacturing service resources, this paper presents the concept of remanufacturing service, and then describes the remanufacturing resource module. A matching model for remanufacturing service resource module was constructed based on Improved Bi-population Artificial Bee Colony Algorithm (IBABC). Then, based on service delivery period, service quality, and service cost as multiple objectives, multiple modules were selected from different types of remanufacturing service resource modules for combination-matching, and the Pareto solution set with IBABC was solved. Subsequently, the final matching scheme was determined through combined-weighted of the Pareto solution set. Finally, an application example was proposed to verify the correctness and feasibility of the matching model of remanufacturing service resource module and related solving method.'

Title: 'A review of source term estimation methods for atmospheric dispersion events using static or mobile sensors'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S156625351630152X
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A review of techniques to gain information about atmospheric dispersion is presented.\xe2\x80\xa2Optimisation- and Bayesian inference-based estimation methods are summarised.\xe2\x80\xa2Mobile sensors provide an ideal platform for data gathering of atmospheric events.\xe2\x80\xa2The current limitations and recommendations for future research is discussed.AbstractUnderstanding atmospheric transport and dispersal events has an important role in a range of scenarios. Of particular importance is aiding in emergency response after an intentional or accidental chemical, biological or radiological (CBR) release. In the event of a CBR release, it is desirable to know the current and future spatial extent of the contaminant as well as its location in order to aid decision makers in emergency response. Many dispersion phenomena may be opaque or clear, thus monitoring them using visual methods will be difficult or impossible. In these scenarios, relevant concentration sensors are required to detect the substance where they can form a static network on the ground or be placed upon mobile platforms. This paper presents a review of techniques used to gain information about atmospheric dispersion events using static or mobile sensors. The review is concluded with a discussion on the current limitations of the state of the art and recommendations for future research.'

Title: 'Leadership PageReading the Tea Leaves: Where Will Cardiology Be in 2050?'
Author: 'Richard A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0735109716332144
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Selective Disassembly Planning for the End-of-life Product\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Hengyu'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827117300677
Abstract: 'AbstractSelective disassembly planning searches solutions to separate useful parts of a product to be reused or recycled at the end of the product life. An efficient method is essential for disassembly planning in the product recycling process to reduce the operation time and cost. This paper proposes an efficient method for selective disassembly sequence planning considering destructive operations. Different from the most existing methods that mainly consider the non-destructive disassembly, destructive disassembly operations are considered to improve the product recycling and operation efficiency. An efficient product representation approach and search algorithms are proposed to generate the optimal disassembly sequence plan. Multi-level constraint matrices based on products\xe2\x80\x99 bill of materials are constructed to identify products\xe2\x80\x99 structure to reduce the searching size of disassembly plans. An industrial mechanical arm is used in the case study to verify the proposed method.'

Title: 'The biological transformation of the manufacturing industry \xe2\x80\x93 envisioning biointelligent value adding'
Author: 'Robert'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827118306012
Abstract: 'AbstractSince the first industrial revolution manufacturing systems have been considered well-defined socio-technological entities that extract resources from the natural environment in order to create goods for the satisfaction of human needs. Productivity gains stimulated by technological innovations such as electricity and computers are inherent to the system. Whilst digitization depicts the latest paradigm, other technology leaps have virtually been neglected in traditional manufacturing science: biomimetics and biotechnology. In this context, we present the concept of a biointelligent industry outlining the vision of a naturally consistent subsistence strategy. Future industrial activities are expected to no longer extract resources from the environment but apply nature as a manufacturing utility. From a scientific point of view many issues, however, remain unanswered. In this paper we thus present fundamentals of a biological transformation from a manufacturing standpoint based on recent research. Thereby we define this novel field of research, discuss its impact on traditional patterns of thought, provide a selection of technology, process and system examples, and present 10 fields action in terms of future research, industrial investment, policy initiatives, and societal involvement.The paper sets the basis for extensive further research and discussion within the manufacturing community.'

Title: 'Using Automatic Case Generation to Enable Advanced Behaviors in Agents\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Kenneth'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916317185
Abstract: 'AbstractGPME enhances the function of host agents by enabling them to develop and apply advanced behaviors. In this paper, we demonstrate the subset of GPME algorithms that are used to identify host behaviors from a time-series of perceptions about host observations and host actions.'

Title: 'Voronoi-like nondeterministic partition of a lattice by collectives of finite automata\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0895717798001563
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper describes an algorithm for the construction of the edges of a Voronoi diagram on a two-dimensional lattice by collectives of finite automata which pick up and drop pebbles at nodes, and move at random between nodes. Given a set of labelled nodes on a lattice, we wish to identify those nodes of the lattice which are the edges of the Voronoi cells of the labelled nodes. Every finite automaton is given a color corresponding to one of the labelled nodes. Automata start their walks at the nodes of the given set. They carry pebbles, and change the orientations of their velocity vectors according to a given probability distribution. When automata of different colors meet at a node of the lattice they drop their pebbles. When this process has run its course, the number of pebbles of each color at each node of the lattice indicates the membership degree (or probability of membership) of this node in the set of edge nodes of the Voronoi diagram. In the paper, we analyse three models of the computation of Voronoi diagrams by automata, give results of numerical simulations, determine the convergence rate of the algorithm, and show the exact shapes of the Voronoi cells.'

Title: 'OpinionThe Endothelium Solves Problems That Endothelial Cells Do Not Know Exist'
Author: 'John G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016561471730024X
Abstract: 'TrendsThe endothelium simultaneously senses multiple small-noisy and high-intensity signals arriving from various activators. The endothelium specifically links each of the various activators with particular functions and physiological outputs.An understanding of the sensitivity of single endothelial cells provides minimal insight into overall sensing by the endothelium.The endothelium is a heterogeneous collection of cells each with different sensitivities to activators.Communication of information via short-range network properties determines the endothelium\xe2\x80\x99s sensing capabilities, the effectiveness of information transfer, and the resilience of the endothelium to faults.The collective sensory capacity of the endothelium is beyond the ability of any single endothelial cell and enables the endothelial collective to efficiently discriminate multiple signals of various magnitudes.The endothelium is the single layer of cells that lines the entire cardiovascular system and regulates vascular tone and blood\xe2\x80\x93tissue exchange, recruits blood cells, modulates blood clotting, and determines the formation of new blood vessels. To control each function, the endothelium uses a remarkable sensory capability to continuously monitor vanishingly small changes in the concentrations of many simultaneously arriving extracellular activators that each provides cues to the physiological state. Here we suggest that the extraordinary sensory capabilities of the endothelium do not come from single cells but from the combined activity of a large number of endothelial cells. Each cell has a limited, but distinctive, sensory capacity and shares information with neighbours so that sensing is distributed among cells. Communication of information among connected cells provides system-level sensing substantially greater than the capabilities of any single cell and, as a collective, the endothelium solves sensory problems too complex for any single cell.'

Title: 'AUV hull lines optimization with uncertainty parameters based on six sigma reliability design'
Author: 'Yuan hang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2092678217300705
Abstract: 'AbstractAutonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV), which are becoming more and more important in ocean exploitation tasks, needs energy conservation urgently when sailing the complex mission path in long time cruise. As hull lines optimization design becomes the key factor, which closely related with resistance, in AUV preliminary design stage, uncertainty parameters need to be considered seriously. In this research, Myring axial symmetry revolution body with parameterized expression is assumed as AUV hull lines, and its travelling resistance is obtained via modified DATCOM formula. The problems of AUV hull lines design for the minimum travelling resistance with uncertain parameters are studied. Based on reliability-based optimization design technology, Design For Six Sigma (DFSS) for high quality level is conducted, and is proved more reliability for the actual environment disturbance.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913012027
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Aerial Laser Inspection of Buildings Facades Using Quadrotor\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sergey'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705814019043
Abstract: 'AbstractMonitoring is the backbone of any project management task. In construction, where the service or product to be delivered is directly related to human beings, quality assurance reigns supreme in terms of priority and importance.Construction project goes beyond handing over of the building. The upkeep of the building requires continuous monitoring to maintain the safety aspects as well as aesthetic elements of the building including facades and marble constructions. Laser scanning and photogrammetry can be used for inspection and detection of defects, which can be very valuable for preventive maintenance.We offer to expand the role of the terrestrial laser scanning mechanism, to an aerial inspection and 3D building model generation using quadrotors based on simulations. This will automate the scanning process, increase range of the inspecting device and minimize the time of shifting and setting up the laser or the cameras, especially when operating in difficult site conditions, hence the aim of this paper.'

Title: 'Comparison of Agent-based Simulation Frameworks for Unmanned Aerial Transportation Applications'
Author: 'Yazan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091830499X
Abstract: 'AbstractRecently, the civil applications of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in aerial transportation are gaining more interest. Due to operational costs, safety concerns and legal regulations, agent-based simulation frameworks are preferably used to implement models and conduct tests. With the abundance of such frameworks in the civil applications of UAVs, this paper introduces a methodology to compare the most widely used frameworks. The methodology is based on the ISO software quality model, and uses a weighted sum scoring system to give points to the frameworks under study. The proposed criteria in the methodology consider agent-based simulation features and adapt specific features of unmanned aerial transportation. Preliminary comparison results and recommendations are provided and discussed.'

Title: 'Decentralized Intelligence: The Key for an Energy Efficient and Sustainable Intralogistics'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978918302117
Abstract: 'AbstractToday\xe2\x80\x99s material flow in factories is realized by different concepts of transport. Each of those specific conveyors has pros and cons due to its concept. In general, the \xe2\x80\x9cstate of art\xe2\x80\x9d transport systems have a low flexibility of the path planning and are not suitable for dynamic transport requirements, wherefore they are designed for a specific application.Therefore, the object of the research is a cyber-physical material flow system with flexible, autonomous and collaborative vehicles combined with centralized sensors to digitalize the workspace. Furthermore, the number of vehicles in the system can be adjusted to the volume of the transport requirement, wherefore the system is suitable for different tasks in the intralogistics.The sustainability of this concept is given by two aspects. On the one hand by the individual path planning of each task also of small parts. On the other hand by the re-use of the system at changing transport volumes or requirements.'

Title: 'Path Planning for UAV to Collect Sensors Data Based on Spiral Decomposition'
Author: 'Wu'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918306719
Abstract: 'AbstractFor WSNs deployed in remote tactical edge networks without available infrastructure, using UAVs to collect sensors data can greatly extend sensor networks life. Due to constraints such as energy consumption and communication delay, rapid path planning is necessary for UAVs flight. This paper mainly proposes a new path planning algorithm based on spiral decomposition, which is named as Spiral Path Planning (SPP) algorithm. Besides, the paper improves the existing FPPWR algorithm. Simulation proves SPP is more suitable for a UAV to collect data from sensors nodes evenly distributed in a circle area. Compared with FPPWR, the path SPP plans is shorter, and runtime is less when the number of sensor nodes is small.'

Title: 'Performance Review of Fuzzy Logic Based Controllers Employed in Brushless DC Motor'
Author: 'Rakesh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918307932
Abstract: 'AbstractThe paper presents a performance review of Fuzzy Logic Control technique when applied to Brushless DC motor (BLDC). These type of motors are non-linear in nature therefore classical PID control scheme fail to achieve desired steady state performance. To achieve the control objective, Fuzzy Logic Control scheme in arrangement with various other control techniques were investigated by several researcher. These techniques differ in various aspect such as control architecture, controller tuning method, dynamic and steady state performance. The paper presents a comprehensive performance review of such Fuzzy Logic Based Controllers.'

Title: 'Part I: Adaptive Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'David'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913010314
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Guest EditorialMethods and applications of evolutionary computation in biomedicine'
Author: 'John H.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1532046414001257
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Full Length ArticleThe application of ant colony optimization in the solution of 3D traveling salesman problem on a sphere'
Author: 'H\xc3\xbcseyin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098617309783
Abstract: 'AbstractTraveling Salesman Problem (TSP) is a problem in combinatorial optimization that should be solved by a salesperson who has to travel all cities at the minimum cost (minimum route) and return to the starting city (node). Todays, to resolve the minimum cost of this problem, many optimization algorithms have been used. The major ones are these metaheuristic algorithms. In this study, one of the metaheuristic methods, Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) method (Max-Min Ant System \xe2\x80\x93 MMAS), was used to solve the Non-Euclidean TSP, which consisted of sets of different count points coincidentally located on the surface of a sphere. In this study seven point sets were used which have different point count. The performance of the MMAS method solving Non-Euclidean TSP problem was demonstrated by different experiments. Also, the results produced by ACO are compared with Discrete Cuckoo Search Algorithm (DCS) and Genetic Algorithm (GA) that are in the literature. The experiments for TSP on a sphere, show that ACO\xe2\x80\x99s average results were better than the GA\xe2\x80\x99s average results and also best results of ACO successful than the DCS.'

Title: 'ResearchiCity & Big Data\xe2\x80\x94ArticleIndustry 5.0\xe2\x80\x94The Relevance and Implications of Bionics and Synthetic Biology'
Author: 'Peter'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2095809916309493
Abstract: "ABSTRACTBionics (the imitation or abstraction of the \xe2\x80\x9cinventions of nature) and, to an even greater extent, synthetic biology, will be as relevant to engineering development and industry as the silicon chip was over the last 50 years. Chemical industries already use so-called \xe2\x80\x9cwhite biotechnology\xe2\x80\x9d for new processes, new raw materials, and more sustainable use of resources. Synthetic biology is also used for the development of second-generation biofuels and for harvesting the sun's energy with the help of tailor-made microorganisms or biometrically designed catalysts. The market potential for bionics in medicine, engineering processes, and DNA storage is huge. \xe2\x80\x9cMoonshot\xe2\x80\x9d projects are already aggressively focusing on diseases and new materials, and a US-led competition is currently underway with the aim of creating a thousand new molecules. This article describes a timeline that starts with current projects and then moves on to code engineering projects and their implications, artificial DNA, signaling molecules, and biological circuitry. Beyond these projects, one of the next frontiers in bionics is the design of synthetic metabolisms that include artificial food chains and foods, and the bioengineering of raw materials; all of which will lead to new insights into biological principles. Bioengineering will be an innovation motor just as digitalization is today. This article discusses pertinent examples of bioengineering, particularly the use of alternative carbon-based biofuels and the techniques and perils of cell modification. Big data, analytics, and massive storage are important factors in this next frontier. Although synthetic biology will be as pervasive and transformative in the next 50 years as digitization and the Internet are today, its applications and impacts are still in nascent stages. This article provides a general taxonomy in which the development of bioengineering is classified in five stages (DNA analysis, bio-circuits, minimal genomes, protocells, xenobiology) from the familiar to the unknown, with implications for safety and security, industrial development, and the development of bioengineering and biotechnology as an interdisciplinary field. Ethical issues and the importance of a public debate about the consequences of bionics and synthetic biology are discussed."

Title: 'ReviewManaging mosquitoes and ticks in a rapidly changing world \xe2\x80\x93 Facts and trends'
Author: 'Giovanni'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319562X1830158X
Abstract: 'AbstractVector-borne diseases transmitted by mosquitoes and ticks are on the rise. The effective and sustainable control of these arthropod vectors is a puzzling challenge for public health worldwide. In the present review, I attempted to provide a concise and updated overview of the current mosquito and tick research scenario. The wide array of control tools recently developed has been considered, with special reference to those approved by the World Health Organization Vector Control Advisory Group (WHO VCAG), as well as novel ones with an extremely promising potential to be exploited in vector control programs. Concerning mosquitoes, a major focus has been given on genetically modified vectors, eave tubes, attractive toxic sugar baits (ATSB) and biocontrol agents. Regarding ticks, the recent development of highly effective repellents and acaricides (including nanoformulated ones) as well as behavior-based control tools, has been highlighted. In the second part of the review, key research questions about biology and control of mosquitoes and ticks have been critically formulated. A timely research agenda outlining hot issues to be addressed in mosquito and tick research is provided. Overall, it is expected that the present review will contribute to boost research and applications on successful mosquito and tick control strategies, along with an improved knowledge of their biology and ecology.'

Title: 'CT Liver Segmentation Using Artificial Bee Colony Optimisation\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Abdalla'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915023996
Abstract: 'AbstractThe automated segmentation of the liver area is an essential phase in liver diagnosis from medical images. In this paper, we propose an artificial bee colony (ABC) optimisation algorithm that is used as a clustering technique to segment the liver in CT images. In our algorithm, ABC calculates the centroids of clusters in the image together with the region corresponding to each cluster. Using mathematical morphological operations, we then remove small and thin regions, which may represents flesh regions around the liver area, sharp edges of organs or small lesions inside the liver. The extracted regions are integrated to give an initial estimate of the liver area. In a final step, this is further enhanced using a region growing approach. In our experiments, we employed a set of 38 images, taken in pre-contrast phase, and the similarity index calculated to judge the performance of our proposed approach. This experimental evaluation confirmed our approach to afford a very good segmentation accuracy of 93.73% on the test dataset.'

Title: 'Chinese-style Plate Recognition Based on Artificial Neural Network and Statistics'
Author: 'Yifan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811021679
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper we propose an algorithm for the recognition of Chinese-style vehicle license plates. Because the resolution of videos is much lower than that of static images, the approaches designed for recognizing license plates in the static picture don\xe2\x80\x99t yield satisfying results when processing videos. In addition, the traditional approaches only take a single snapshot per plate to recognize, which is insufficient to yield accurate recognition results for that plate. In order to solve this problem, our approach processes multiple frames and generates a series of results per plate. And it combines artificial neural network, which identifies characters in the snapshot, and a simple statistics which finds the most appealing results among the result sequences. The statistics analysis can confirm the accuracy of identification. Finally, this approach has been proved to be accurate and efficient by the experiment.'

Title: 'Costing for an Autonomous Future: A Discussion on Estimation for Unmanned Autonomous Systems\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Thomas R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915002562
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper will produce three areas of discussion in the field of cost estimation for unmanned autonomous systems. First, this paper will propose a common definition of an Unmanned Autonomous system. Second, it will introduce a method to estimate the cost of unmanned autonomous systems utilizing existing parametric cost estimation tools: SEER \xe2\x80\x93 HDR, COCOMO II, COSYSMO, and two relationships \xe2\x80\x93 weight and performance. The third discussion will focus on challenges surrounding autonomy. To address these challenges from a cost perspective, this paper recommends modifications to parameters within COCOMO II \xe2\x80\x93 via the use of object oriented function points in lieu of current methods, and COSYSMO \xe2\x80\x93 via the introduction of two cost driving parameters, namely, TVED and HRI-T. Finally, in summary this paper will identify areas of further research.'

Title: 'Review on Application of Drone Systems in Precision Agriculture'
Author: 'UM Rao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310081
Abstract: 'AbstractIn the present era, there are too many developments in precision agriculture for increasing the crop productivity. Especially, in the developing countries like India, over 70% of the rural people depends upon the agriculture fields. The agriculture fields faces dramatic losses due to the diseases. These diseases came from the pests and insets, which reduces the productivity of the crops. Pesticides and fertilizers are used to kill the insects and pests in order to enhance the crop quality. The WHO (World Health Organization) estimated as one million cases of ill effected, when spraying the pesticides in the crop filed manually. The Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) \xe2\x80\x93 aircrafts are used to spray the pesticides to avoid the health problems of humans when they spray manually. UAVs can be used easily, where the equipment and labors difficulty to operate. This paper reviews briefly the implementation of UAVs for crop monitoring and pesticide spraying.'

Title: 'Scenarios in Multi-objective Optimisation of Process Parameters for Sustainable Machining\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Taoyuan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827114012414
Abstract: 'AbstractSustainable machining needs to consider multiple objectives for fulfilling environmental and economic requirements. Pareto front usually employed to present multi-objective optimisation results. However, the Pareto fronts are difficult to understand and inefficient when there are more than 2 objectives. This problem is addressed in this paper, by enumerating and characterising all the 128 scenarios in sustainable machining operation involving 7 objectives including energy, cost, time, power, cutting force, tool life and surface finish. Results show that all the scenarios can be converted to single-objective situation which has a unique solution or a set of conflicting bi -objective cases which can be represented as a single Pareto front.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916305403
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'RGB Histogram Based Color Image Segmentation Using Firefly Algorithm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915001283
Abstract: "AbstractIn this paper, optimal multi-level image segmentation is proposed using the Firefly Algorithm (FA). In this work, RGB histogram of the image is considered for bi-level and multi-level segmentation. Optimal thresholds for each colour component are attained by maximizing Otsu's between-class variance function. The proposed segmentation procedure is demonstrated using standard RGB dataset and validated using the existing FA in the literature combined with three randomization search strategies, such as Brownian Distribution, L\xc3\xa9vy Flight and the Gaussian distribution related random variable. The performance assessment between FAs is carried out using parameters, such as objective value, PSNR, SSIM and CPU time."

Title: 'Water cycle algorithm: A detailed standard code'
Author: 'Ali'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352711016300024
Abstract: 'AbstractInspired by the observation of the water cycle process and movements of rivers and streams toward the sea, a population-based metaheuristic algorithm, the water cycle algorithm (WCA) has recently been proposed. Lately, an increasing number of WCA applications have appeared and the WCA has been utilized in different optimization fields. This paper provides detailed open source code for the WCA, of which the performance and efficiency has been demonstrated for solving optimization problems. The WCA has an interesting and simple concept and this paper aims to use its source code to provide a step-by-step explanation of the process it follows.'

Title: 'Quick guideBogong moths'
Author: 'Stanley'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982215015195
Abstract: ''

Title: 'Parameter estimation and speed control of a PMDC motor used in wheelchair'
Author: 'V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610217323676
Abstract: 'AbstractThe objective of this paper is to estimate the parameters of a permanent magnet DC motor (PMDC) using the genetic algorithm (GA) and compare the speed control of a PMDC motor using PI, PID, and state feedback controller. The electrical, mechanical and electromechanical parameters estimated using genetic algorithm is used in modelling of the PMDC motor in Matlab/Simulink. The speed controllers are designed from the estimated parameters of PMDC motor in Matlab/Simulink. The performance of PI, PID and state feedback speed controllers are compared. The simulation results of state feedback controller for speed control of PMDC motor provides less peak overshoot as well as faster settling time compared to PI and PID controller.'

Title: 'A Practical Method for Determining the Pseudo-rigid-body Parameters of Spatial Compliant Mechanisms via CAE Tools\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Pietro'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917305826
Abstract: 'AbstractCompliant Mechanisms (CMs) are employed in several applications requiring high precision and reduced number of parts. For a given topology, CM analysis and synthesis may be developed resorting to the Pseudo-Rigid Body (PRB) approximation, where flexible members are modelled via a series of spring-loaded revolute joints, thus reducing computational costs during CM simulation. Owing to these considerations, this paper reports about a practical method to determine accurate PRB models of CMs comprising out-of-plane displacements and distributed compliance. The method leverages on the optimization capabilities of modern CAE tools, which provide built-in functions for modelling the motion of flexible members. After the validation of the method on an elementary case study, an industrial CM consisting of a crank mechanism connected to a fully-compliant four-bar linkage is considered. The resulting PRB model, which comprises four spherical joints with generalized springs mounted in parallel, shows performance comparable with the deformable system.'

Title: 'Structured Approach to the Design of Automation Systems through IEC 61499 Standard\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mauro'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S235197891730402X
Abstract: 'AbstractThe main objectives of this study is the conception of an Engineering Support System (ESS) for sustainable optimization of automation tasks supervision, through a set of formalisms, methods and tools introduced to support the control engineer in the design phase of optimized supervisor solutions.The ESS is based on the IEC 61499 standard for distributed automation, considered as technological reference for the development of automation logics for the new generation of manufacturing systems (CPS). It implements a new formalism for the control problem description and specification, guiding the control engineer within all the control design phases, in order to obtain high performance manufacturing systems while pursuing optimization of key parameter indicators, including for example minimal energy consumption and emissions. To such an aim it enables the possibility to formalize the control supervision problem into a constrained optimization problem to be solved with the most appropriate optimization algorithm selecting the most interesting optimization objectives.Finally, an innovative virtual commissioning platform is adopted. It allows to validate the developed automation tasks supervision system using the real targets running the control solution connected with the virtual model of the system to be controlled in place of the real one.'

Title: 'Distributed Approach for QoS Service Selection in Web of Objects\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Nacera'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916302733
Abstract: "AbstractIn the Internet of Things (IoT), web objects and services can be seen as distributed and cooperative agents that need to collaborate in order to reach advanced functionalities and also to optimize the overall quality offered to the end users. For this purpose, we propose in this paper a distributed and optimal QoS services selection approach based on Multi-Agents paradigm and Distributed Constraints Optimization Formalism (DCOP). Hence, we revisited a DCoP technique for developing a new complete algorithm for service selection: the\xe2\x80\x99Synch4QoS\xe2\x80\x99 implemented under a multi-agent architecture using a real-time Web protocol for communi- cation. The proposed algorithm takes into accounts the specificities of the service composition context and the satisfaction of the global user's constraints."

Title: 'ORIGINAL ARTICLEAdaptive PID control of a stepper motor driving a flexible rotor'
Author: 'Nehal M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110016811000329
Abstract: 'AbstractStepping motors are widely used in robotics and in the numerical control of machine tools to perform high precision positioning operations. The classical closed-loop control of the stepper motor can not respond properly to the system variations unless adaptive technique is used. In this paper, the feasibility of fuzzy gain scheduling control for stepping motor driving flexible rotor has been investigated and illustrated by numerical simulation. The proposed control was concerned with the permanent magnet step motor (PMSM) with mechanical variations such as stiffness of rotor and load inertia. A mathematical model for the PMSM was derived and the gains of a conventional PID control were presented. The data base required in learning process of the fuzzy logic gain scheduling mechanism was obtained from the mathematical model. It was found that the stable value for the integral gain is half the value of the proportional gain. The fuzzy systems for scheduling the derivative gain and the proportional gain are presented. The conducted simulation showed that the fuzzy system is able to adapt the controller gains to track the desired load and speed response. Fuzzy PID performance is much better than the conventional PID control scheme. Fuzzy self-tuning controller demonstrates a very fast response and little overshoot.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917317830
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'A new predictive approach to variables selection through Genetic Algorithm and Fuzzy Adaptive Resonance Theory Using medical diagnosis as a case'
Author: 'Choukri'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917309651
Abstract: 'Abstract:Variables selection is challenging task due mainly to huge search space. This study addresses the increasingly encountered chal- lenge of variables selection. It addresses the application of machine learning techniques to the problem of variables selection. We detailed the various models of the variables selection and examined the basic steps that are used to select the cost-effective predictors. We also walked through the initial settings and all variables selection stages, including architecture configuration, strat- egy generation, learning, model induction, and scoring. Results from this study show that the cost and generalization were seen to improve significantly in terms of computing time and recognition accuracy when the proposed system is applied for medical diagnosis. Good comparisons with an experimental study demonstrate the multidisciplinary applications of our approach.'

Title: 'Weighted Entropy-based Measure for Image Segmentation'
Author: 'Weng Kin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812027099
Abstract: "AbstractImage segmentation is one of the fundamental and important steps that is needed to prepare an image for further processing in many computer vision applications. Over the last few decades, many image segmentation methods have been proposed, as accurate image segmentation is vitally important for many image, video and computer vision applications. A common approach is to look at the grey level colours of the image to perform multi-level-thresholding. The ability to quantify and compare the resulting segmented images is of vital importance even though it can be a major challenge. One measure used here computes the total distances of the pixels to its centroid for each region to provide a quantifiable measure of the segmented images. We also suggest an improved Zhang's entropy measure for image segmentation based on computing the entropy of the image and segmented regions. In this paper, we will present the results from both of these approaches."

Title: 'An Industrially Validated CMM Inspection Process with Sequence Constraints\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Raad'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116004182
Abstract: 'AbstractAn efficient CMM inspection process implemented in industry gives significant productivity improvements. A key part of this improvement is the optimization of the inspection sequences. To ensure quality of the inspection the sequences are often constrained with respect to the order of the measurements. This gives rise to so called precedence constraints when modelling the inspection sequence as a variation of the travelling salesperson problem (TSP). Two heuristic solution approaches and a generic optimizing algorithm are considered. A generation based stochastic algorithm is found to reduce cycle time by as much as 12% in comparison to the currently used algorithm.'

Title: 'Hybrid Metaheuristics within a Holonic Multiagent Model for the Flexible Job Shop Problem\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Houssem Eddine'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915022346
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Flexible Job Shop scheduling Problem (FJSP) is an extension of the classical Job Shop scheduling Problem (JSP) that allows to process operations on one machine out of a set of alternative machines. It is an NP-hard problem consisting of two sub-problems which are the assignment and the scheduling problems. This paper proposes a hybridization of two metaheuristics within a holonic multiagent model for the FJSP. Firstly, a scheduler agent applies a Neighborhood-based Genetic Algorithm (NGA) for a global exploration of the search space. Secondly, a cluster agents set uses a local search technique to guide the research in promising regions. Numerical tests are made to evaluate our approach, based on two sets of benchmark instances from the literature of the FJSP, which are the Brandimarte and Hurink data. The experimental results show the efficiency of our approach in comparison to other approaches.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915024606
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Implementing Fuzzy Logic Controller and PID Controller to a DC Encoder Motor \xe2\x80\x93 \xe2\x80\x9cA case of an Automated Guided Vehicle\xe2\x80\x9d'
Author: 'Priyam'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978918300659
Abstract: 'AbstractIt becomes essential to run AGV at a constant speed or RPM in the plant to reduce downtime and lead time. Fuzzy logic controller and PID controller are applied to achieve constant RPM in AGV. AGV contains DC brushed motor with encoder, motor driver, microcontroller and battery. Encoder gives feedback to microcontroller in the form of shaft position. Microcontroller reduces error in the system based on the parameters defined by the algorithms. The first phase of the paper gives brief information about the hardware, software and the algorithms. In the second phase of the paper, methodology for implementing the algorithm to the system is shown. In the final phase of the paper, results and discussions are mentioned based on the applied algorithms. Comparison between PID controller and fuzzy PID controller is also shown. Ziegler-Nichols Algorithms is used to find PID parameters. MATLAB simulink and fuzzy logic tool box are used for simulation. Arduino Microcontroller is used to accept the feedback given by the encoder and to control the speed of motor. In a nut shell, these control strategies help AGV to run at a constant RPM with reduced settling time, steady state error and overshooting.'

Title: 'System for Flow Visualization in Swimming\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Josje'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705816307330
Abstract: 'AbstractUnderstanding the power balance of a swimmer, who needs to overcome power losses to drag and to water set in motion, requires detailed insight into the hydrodynamics of the flow around the swimmer. This will be done from a hydrodynamic point of view with techniques familiar from fluid mechanics. One of our objectives is to develop a system to visualize the flow around a swimmer in practice. Currently, the visualisation system is designed and built and we will present the underlying ideas of the experimental setup.'

Title: 'Identifying the Direction of Wind in Wireless Sensor Networks'
Author: 'Mohammed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912003882
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper describes a novel method for determining the direction of a phenomenon such as wind in wireless sensor networks (WSNs). The method is based on a structured grid topology and mainly depends on analyzing the timestamp of each node in the grid at the base station. The topology and the routing protocol are evaluated by simulation using OmNet++ and MiXiM 2.1 framework. Throughput, latency and average power consumption are measured and compared in order to investigate the efficiency of our method.'

Title: 'A Hybrid Transport Concept for the Material Supply of a Modular Manufacturing Environment\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917304833
Abstract: "AbstractToday's research projects propose a modular manufacturing environment for automotive production sites, which adapt itself autonomously and makes manufacturing decisions without the need of human interaction. Tugger trains are an energy-efficient possibility to handle intralogistics material supply due to the bundling of transport volumes but reaches its limits in the proposed automotive manufacturing environments. The spatial nearness of the production units and the necessity of a high-frequented and small-scaled supply lead to the application of small-scaled autonomous transport entities. The main disadvantage of this technology in turn is a higher intralogistics traffic. Therefore, the concluded concept of this paper connects the advantages of both technologies."

Title: 'Linear Constraint Programming for Cost-optimized Configuration of Modular Assembly Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Paul Danny'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116312276
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we develop an optimization model for providing a logical layout for reconfigurable assembly systems from a library of available equipment modules. The design problem addresses the challenges in equipment selection to build workstations and subsequently the entire assembly system. All the available equipment modules are assumed to be modular and each of them retains a subset of skills (capabilities). The set of all available equipment modules, their skills, mode of physical connectivity (ports) and costs are known. The objective is to minimize the overall equipment cost without violating their physical connectivity (ports) constraints and the precedence constraints of the assembly process requirements. The analysis of the problem and the state-of-art review steered us to the following: (1) the design problem is very closely related to the assembly line balancing problems; (2) a few Genetic Algorithm (GA) based approaches are already available for the capital cost optimization of multi-part flow-line (MPFL) configurations that includes the operational precedence constraints; (3) to our knowledge, this is the first work to combine the equipment physical connectivity constraints with task precedence in order to provide a valid and optimal configuration solution. A formalized mathematical model is developed to select suitable subsets of equipment modules and group them into workstations to construct an optimal logical layout. A number of scenarios based on an industrial case study are simulated and the results are analysed to evaluate the performance of the proposed models.'

Title: 'Self-deployment of mobile sensors on a ring'
Author: 'Paola'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508001916
Abstract: 'AbstractMobile sensors can self-deploy in a purely decentralized and distributed fashion, so as to reach in a finite time a state of static equilibrium in which they uniformly cover the environment. We consider the self-deployment problem in a ring (e.g., a circular rim); in particular we investigate under what conditions the problem is solvable by a collection of identical sensors without a global coordinate system, however capable of determining the location (in their local coordinate system) of the other sensors within a fixed distance (called visibility radius). A self-deployment is exact if within finite time the distance between any two consecutive sensors along the ring is the same, d; it is \xcf\xb5-approximate if within finite time the distance between two consecutive sensors is between d\xe2\x88\x92\xcf\xb5 and d+\xcf\xb5.We prove that exact self-deployment is impossible if the sensors do not share a common orientation of the ring. This impossibility result holds even if the sensors have unlimited memory of the past, their visibility radius is unlimited, and all their actions, when active, are instantaneous.We thus consider the problem in an oriented ring. We prove that if the sensors know the desired final distance d, then exact self-deployment is possible. If the desired final distance d is not known, we prove that \xcf\xb5-approximate self-deployment is possible for any chosen \xcf\xb5>0. The proofs of these results are constructive. In each case we present a simple protocol that allows the sensors to achieve the claimed level of self-deployment. These positive results hold even if sensors are oblivious (i.e., have no memory of past actions and computations), asynchronous (i.e., a sensor becomes active at unpredictable times and the duration of its actions is unpredictable), and have limited visibility radius. Our protocols can be employed, without modifications, on the perimeter of any convex region.'

Title: 'An ARM-based Multi-channel CNC Solution for Multi-tasking Turning and Milling Machines\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sergej N.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116301913
Abstract: 'AbstractARM-based CNC systems are used as a low-cost solution for controlling 2-3 axis machines. The increase of computing power of ARM processors facilitated their application to controlling multi-tasking and multi-axis machines with several independent control channels. The paper presents the results of the exploratory investigation of the transition from the PC-based to the ARM-based CNC solution. The cross-platform architecture of CNC systems, the porting of CNC kernel software to the single-board computers Raspberry Pi 2 with the Linux operating system and the control of servo drives and PLC I/O over EtherCAT fieldbus with cycle time of 2\xc2\xa0ms are investigated as well.The dual-channel configuration of ARM-based CNC designed to control the multi-tasking turning and milling machine with inclined layout is presented. The paper illustrates the kinematic scheme and the network architecture of NAKLON 535 machining center for ARM-based CNC solution.'

Title: 'A Comparative Study of Solution of Economic Load Dispatch Problem in Power Systems in the Environmental Perspective\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sarat Kumar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915006651
Abstract: 'AbstractA power system with many generating units should run under economic condition. The operating cost must be minimized for any feasible load demand. However, along with the cost, the environmental emissions should also be considered, that make it multiobjective optimization problem. In this paper, we have used the standard IEEE test bus systems as a model power system for solving the economic load dispatch (ELD) problem considering different size of system. A comparison of simulation output is made between the results obtained by applying conventional Newton Raphson and Lagrangian multiplier (LM)algorithms and proposed genetic algorithm (GA). From the simulation results, it is observed that, the proposed GA based approach provides better compromised solutions between the two objectives i.e. cost and emission effectively.'

Title: 'A Multi-stage Remanufacturing Approach for Life Extension of Safety Critical Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Isaac'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116309891
Abstract: "AbstractLife extension of safety critical systems is gaining popularity in many industries due to the increasing demand in world's energy consumption and the strong desire to reduce carbon emissions by different countries. Identification and implementation of a suitable life extension strategy enables safety critical systems to perform their intended functions under stated condition for an extended period of time beyond original design life. In the past, the viability analysis of life extension strategies has been undertaken based on the accumulated knowledge and experience of Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), maintenance engineers and inspectors. These approaches involving expert judgement are qualitative in nature and based on conservative assumptions, which may lead to inaccurate conclusion or misleading recommendations to asset managers. Therefore, it is crucial to develop an approach consisting of methods to determine the technical condition of components, estimate the cost of life extension interventions and to analyze carbon footprints. \xe2\x80\x9cRemanufacturing\xe2\x80\x9d is considered as a suitable end-of-life strategy that can help reduce the overall environmental burden from the product by processing waste materials while at the same time keeping reliability high. Due to the advantages of remanufacturing, it is widely applied for life extension purposes in safety critical industries such as offshore oil and gas, nuclear power, petrochemical, renewable energy, rail transport, aviation, shipping, and electricity distribution and transmission. In this paper, a multi-stage approach is presented to analyze the impact of remanufacturing of safety critical systems on the performance of industrial operations in terms of total cost and carbon footprint. In this approach, the equipment health status is determined by modelling the degradation of the system and then the maintenance costs and carbon footprint are calculated. For the purpose of clarity, the proposed model is applied to an air compressor system and the results are discussed."

Title: 'Quick guideMurmurations'
Author: 'Andrew J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982211013157
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Inverting the Interaction Cycle to Model Embodied Agents\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Olivier L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914015543
Abstract: "AbstractCognitive architectures should make explicit the conceptual begin and end points of the agent/environment interaction cycle. Most architectures begin with the agent receiving input data representing the environment, and end with the agent sending output data. This paper suggests inverting this cycle: the agent sends output data that specifies an experiment, and receives input data that represents the result of this experiment. This complies with the embodiment paradigm because the input data does not directly represent the environment and does not amount to the agent's perception. We illustrate this in an example and propose an assessment method based upon activity-trace analysis."

Title: 'Optimization-based Pedestrian Model Calibration for Evaluation\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'David'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352146514000775
Abstract: 'AbstractThe evaluation and comparison of crowd simulation algorithms (complex, high-dimensional, multi-scale systems) is an important question. \xe2\x80\x9cRealism\xe2\x80\x9d being dependent on target applications, comparisons with real measurements are not easy. Promising so- lutions have been suggested for such evaluations (Guy et al. (2012)). Here, we address estimating simulation parameters before evaluating: what do evaluation results mean if the assessed model is not performing at its best? We propose an optimization-based approach encompassing: reference data, metrics, simulation algorithms and optimization techniques. We demonstrate finding good parameter values setting simulation results as close as possible to reference data, enabling fair and meaningful comparisons.'

Title: 'Performance Analysis of Distributed Consensus on Regular Networks'
Author: 'Bo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2211381911001883
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents the analysis of the performance of the consensus on regular network structures in information engineering. The consensus protocols introduced are distributed in the sense that each agent only needs information from its neighbors, which reduces the complexity of links between agents significantly. By graph Laplacian spectrum and frequency domain analysis, the performance of the consensus, characterized by the convergence rate and robustness to the communication constraints, are investigated in details. We establish direct connections between the system parameters and the performance of the consensus. Specifically, the convergence rates and the maximum fixed time-delays that can be tolerated by the various regular networks are found explicitly.'

Title: 'Global Iterative Closet Point Using Nested Annealing for Initialization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Tao Ngoc'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915022747
Abstract: 'AbstractIn computer vision, Iterative Closest Point (ICP) has been a key tool for registration algorithms, a fundamental task in computer vision. However, ICP based registration algorithms always face with local minima problem and pre-aligned pointsets are the must to guarantee correct convergence. Pre-alignment used to be carried out by our human in some mesh processing softwares. This paper provides a solution for initialization problem for registering two 3D surfaces under L2 error using ICP algorithm. Our algorithm uses a combination between Nested Annealing (NA) and ICP in which NA is used as global optimization search engine to find the global minima with a novel approach of using point based boundary searching. The algorithm uses ICP to derive local minima as well as local minima error. The integration between ICP and NA is successfully implemented and coded into a program which inputs two range image and outputs the transformation matrix between them at high accuracy and success rate.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915030616
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'How a Population-based Representation of Binocular Visual Signal Can Intrinsically Mediate Autonomous Learning of Vergence Control'
Author: 'Agostino'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912007387
Abstract: 'AbstractDesigning an active visual system, able to autonomously learn its behavior, implies to make the learning controller independent of an external signal (e.g. the error between the actual and the desired vergence angle) or of perceptual decisions about dispar\xe2\x80\x93ity (e.g. from the response of a previously trained network). The proposed approach is based on a direct use of a computational substrate of modeled V1 complex cells that provide a distributed representation of binocular disparity information. The design strategies of the cortical-like architecture, including uniform coverage in feature space and divisive normalization mechanisms, allow the global energy of the population to effectively mediate the learning process towards the proper motor control. Since the learning controller is based on an intrinsic representation of the visual signal, it comes to overlap and coincide with the system that is learning the behaviour, thus closing at an inner cycle the perception-action loop necessary for learning. Experi\xe2\x80\x93mental tests proved that the control architecture is both able to learn an effective vergence behavior, and to exploit it to \xef\xac\x81xate static and moving visual targets.'

Title: 'Pollen Rate Based Control and Stabilization of Double Inverted Pendulum\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Srikanth'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091631643X
Abstract: 'AbstractNaturally inspired Flower pollination unconstrained optimization method is applied for the stabilization of the double inverted pendulum control problem as part of this study which is a novelty. The optimization was applied under the influence of time delay and have proven that the influence of time delay is significantly felt and would cause loss of energy, however the presence of flower pollination for optimization minimizes the loss incurred due to time delay and makes the system significant in terms of sensitivity. The influence on settling time and peak overshoot are studied and are compared for performance with and without time delays. The developed strategy paves way to the analysis of complex dynamic systems wherein the controller design when designed using naturally inspired algorithm would make the system energy efficient.'

Title: 'Subject Index'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916325091
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Formulation of a Cooperative-Confinement-Escape problem of multiple cooperative defenders against an evader escaping from a circular region'
Author: 'Wei'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1007570416300715
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2This paper presents the Cooperative Confinement-Escape (CCE) problem of multiple agents with respect to a circle.\xe2\x80\xa2This paper provides a formulation of the system, with an emphasis on designing nonlinear control strategies for the agents.\xe2\x80\xa2This paper provides an adaptive trajectory prediction mechanism in the strategy of the defenders.\xe2\x80\xa2This paper investigates the dynamic properties of the system and the effectiveness of the confinement strategy.AbstractIn this paper, we propose and formulate the Cooperative-Confinement-Escape (CCE) problem of multiple cooperative defenders against an evader escaping from a circular region, in which the defenders are moving on the circle with attempt to prevent possible escape of a single evader who is initially located inside the circle. The main contributions are summarized as follows: (1) we first provide an effective formulation of the CCE problem, which is an emphasis of this paper, with design of two nonlinear control strategies for the cooperative defenders and the adversarial evader, respectively. Particularly, we consider to include a proper interaction between each pair of the nearest-neighbor defenders, and an adaptive trajectory prediction mechanism in the strategies of the defenders to increase the chance of successful confinement. (2) For the first attempt on analyzing the CCE dynamics which is unavoidably strongly nonlinear, we analyze the minimum energy of the evader for possible escape. (3) For understanding of the behaviors of the system under different parameters, (i) we illustrate the effectiveness of the confinement strategy using the adaptive trajectory prediction mechanism, and (ii) the physical roles of the system parameters with respect to the system dynamics, some of which may be unexpected or not straightforward. A separate paper will be presented for systematic analysis of the agents\xe2\x80\x99 behaviors with respect to the large intervals of the parameter settings.'

Title: 'Modelling Safe Landing Zone Detection Options to Assist in Safety Critical UAV Decision Making'
Author: 'Timothy'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912005212
Abstract: "AbstractUnmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) have the potential to significantly enhance current practice for a range of applications including emergency response in the aftermath of natural disasters and crowd surveillance during major sporting events. However, before this potential can be realized there are a number of safety related technical challenges which must be addressed including provision of a Safe Landing Zone (SLZ) detection algorithm which would be executed in the event of a UAV emergency. In the event of such an emergency a key consideration of any safety related algorithm is remaining flight time which can be influenced by battery life and weather conditions. Therefore within this paper we present preliminary work in modelling the execution time of three SLZ detection options, one of which incorporates a human-in-the-loop. While it may be desirable to always involve a human-in-the-loop in decision making concerning the optimal SLZ, this, and alternative options involving collaboration with other UAVs may not be feasible given the constraint of remaining flight time. The models discussed are subsequently used in conjunction with an estimate of the UAV's remaining flight time to assist in autonomous decision making upon occurrence of a safety critical event."

Title: 'Path Planning of UAV Based on Voronoi Diagram and DPSO'
Author: 'Han'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812006534
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a solution strategy for achieving cooperative timing among teams of vehicles. The initial paths are constructed based on Voronoi diagram and based on that, the smoothing paths are designed for the Waypoint Path Planner (WPP). Then it considers the cooperative timing problem and proposes a particle swam optimization algorithm for simultaneous attack. Simulation results show that the approach is of high efficiency in multi-UAVs cooperative timing problem.'

Title: 'BIM-embedded life cycle carbon assessment of RC buildings using optimised structural design alternatives'
Author: 'S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378778818305954
Abstract: 'AbstractThe implications of optimised structural designs in the life cycle carbon performance of buildings have been systematically overlooked in previous studies. The paper addresses this common limitation offering an integrated sustainable structural analysis at building level. To achieve this, a BIM-embedded approach was established utilising embodied carbon metrics and results from heuristic structural optimisation. A real building scenario was used to test the proposed approach in the context of multi-storey reinforced concrete (RC) buildings. Results show how the building life cycle performance is affected by the use of structurally optimised designs. The structural floors in particular, not only cover the largest proportion of the embodied carbon in the structure but they are also responsible for a large proportion of the carbon emissions of the tested building elements. The results obtained in this paper justified the need for more comprehensive efforts in the design optimisation of RC floors. Overall, it is suggested that the unclear interpretation of the optimisation outputs would result in the selection of structural designs that could compromise the buildings carbon performance.'

Title: 'VirFID: A Virtual Force (VF)-based Interest-Driven moving phenomenon monitoring scheme using multiple mobile sensor nodes'
Author: 'Duc Van'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S157087051400300X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we study mobile sensor network (MSN) architectures and algorithms for monitoring a moving phenomenon in an unknown and open area using a group of autonomous mobile sensor (MS) nodes. Monitoring a moving phenomenon involves challenges due to limited communication/sensing ranges of MS nodes, the phenomenon\xe2\x80\x99s unpredictable changes in distribution and position, and the lack of information on the sensing area. To address the challenges and meet the objective of the maximization of weighted sensing coverage, we propose a novel scheme, namely VirFID (Virtual Force (VF)-based Interest-Driven moving phenomenon monitoring). In VirFID, MS nodes move toward the positions where more interesting sensing data can be obtained by utilizing the virtual force, which is calculated based on the distance between MS nodes and sensed values in the area of interest. MS nodes also perform network-wise information sharing to increase the weighted sensing coverage. Depending on the level of information used, three variants of VirFID are evaluated: VirFID-LIB (Local Information-Based), VirFID-GHL (Global Highest and Lowest), and VirFID-IBN (Interests at Boundary Nodes). In addition, an analytical model for estimating MSN speed is designed. Simulations are performed to compare the performance of three VirFID variants with other approaches. Our simulation results show that VirFID algorithms outperform other schemes in terms of the weighted coverage efficiency, and VirFID-IBN achieves the highest weighted coverage efficiency among VirFID variants.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916310511
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915027799
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Signal Learning with Messages by Reinforcement Learning in Multi-agent Pursuit Problem\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Kozue'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914010680
Abstract: 'AbstractCommunication is a key for facilitating multi-agent coordination on cooperative problems. Reinforcement learning is one of the learning methods for such cooperative behavior of agents. Kasai et al. proposed Signal Learning (SL) and Signal Learning with Messages (SLM) by which agents learn policies of communication and action concurrently in multi-agent reinforcement learning framework. In this study, we experimented that the performance of the SLM is better than SL to pursuit problem where agents can observe only partial information and can move four directions. As a result, it has been shown that learning performance in SLM with longer messages is better than SL.'

Title: 'Restoring Virtual Backbone of Wireless Sensor Network Using Position Restricted Relay Nodes\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Dinesh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916316027
Abstract: 'AbstractIn Wireless Sensor Network (WSN), sensor nodes send sensed data through multi-hops involving intermediate relay nodes. Construction of virtual backbone (VB) of sensor network is preferred to reduce the energy depletion of the WSN. The VB brings substantial benefits by simplifying routing and topology control. In WSN, sensors are prone to failure, due to power depletion or some other reasons. Therefore, the existing VB may be partitioned into segments after failure. Hence, re-construction of VB is an important issue in sensor network. This can be achieved either by discovering alternate backbone or by redeployment additional new relay nodes to restore the VB. This paper proposes an efficient strategy for restoring VB by connecting disconnected VBs using minimum relay nodes. Finding the optimal number of relay nodes and their positions is NP-hard, heuristic algorithms are proposed to minimize the repairing cost.'

Title: 'Nature-inspired Approaches in Software Faults Identification and Debugging\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Florin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916315617
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper considers software faults identification along the phases from design to testing and debugging. The following subjects are reviewed and extended: bio-inspired concepts for structuring resilient systems, genetic strategies in test data generation, Ant Colony Optimisation (ACO) algorithms for data flow analyzing and testing, artificial immune systems (AIS) based mutation testing, and fault tolerant approaches inspired by immunity principles in order to increase the software dependability. Data collected during software development cycle can be used to understand the software project evolution and its reliability.'

Title: 'Performance Comparison of a Sensorless PMBLDC Motor Drive System with Conventional and Fuzzy Logic Controllers\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Jino'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017316305035
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, speed control and torque ripple minimization of a sensorless Permanent Magnet Brushless DC (PMBLDC) motor drive system with varying load is analyzed. Constant speed operation with minimum torque ripple during transient state is the most difficult part in the drive system. At starting condition, if the motor is started with constant DC source, the current is too high due to the absence of back EMF. Therefore the motor will start with high torque ripples. In order to eliminate the torque ripples during starting condition by limiting the starting speed of the motor with properly designed speed controller and varying DC source from zero to its rated voltage, this will improve the reliability of PMBLDC motor. Here, the speed control and torque ripple minimization of a sensorless PMBLDC motor during starting and running condition with conventional and fuzzy logic controllers are proposed. The performance parameters of a PMBLDC motor with these controllers are analyzed through MATLAB/Simulink software.'

Title: 'The Use of a Complexity Model to Facilitate in the Selection of a Fuel Cell Assembly Sequence\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mussawar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221282711600336X
Abstract: 'AbstractVarious tools and methods exists for arriving at an optimised assembly sequence with most using a soft computing approach. However, these methods have issues including susceptibly to early convergence and high computational time. The typical objectives for these methods are to minimise the number of assembly change directions, orientation changes or the number of tool changes. This research proposes an alternative approach whereby an assembly sequence is measured based on its complexity. The complexity value is generated using design for assembly metrics and coupled with considerations for product performance, component precedence and material handling challenges to arrive at a sequence solution which is likely to be closest to the optimum for cost and product quality. The case presented in this study is of the assembly of a single proton exchange membrane fuel cell. This research demonstrates a practical approach for determining assembly sequence using data and tools that are used and available in the wider industry. Further work includes automating the sequence generation process and extending the work by considering additional factors such as ergonomics.'

Title: 'Subject Index'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091100559X
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'A self-adaptive hybrid algorithm for solving flexible job-shop problem with sequence dependent setup time'
Author: 'Ameni'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917313625
Abstract: 'AbstractThe flexible job shop problem (FJSP) has an important significance in both fields of production management and combinatorial optimization. This problem covers two main difficulties, namely, machine assignment problem and operation sequencing problem. To reflect as close as possible the reality of this problem, the sequence dependent setup time is taken into consideration. For solving such a complex problem, we propose a hybrid algorithm based on a genetic algorithm (GA) combined with iterated local search (ILS). It is well known that the performance of an algorithm is heavily dependent on the setting of control parameters. For that, our algorithm uses a self-adaptive strategy based on : (1) the current specificity of the search space, (2) the preceding results of already applied algorithms (GA and ILS) and (3) their associated parameter settings. We adopt this strategy in order to detect the next promising search direction and maintain the balance between exploration and exploitation. Computational results show that our algorithm provides better solutions than other well known algorithms.'

Title: 'Integrated Agent-based modeling and optimization in complex systems analysis\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'James'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914001604
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents two case studies on the use of agent-based modeling in the design of complex systems. In the first case study, elements of a self-organizing system are modeled as agents so that their interactions and system-level behavior can be analyzed and optimized to design a protective convoy. The use of agent-based modeling enables a fast simulation-optimization loop for the optimization of behavioral parameters. In the second case study, users of the system are modeled as agents, so the co-evolution of user and system behavior can be modeled in the selection of a seating layout. This modeling provides insight into the social desires of consumers, in addition to the structural properties of the seating layout, allowing a deeper understanding of customer satisfaction and system performance.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936113001222
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812014038
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'ReviewClosing the circle between perceptions and behavior: A cybernetic view of behavior and its consequences for studying motivation and development'
Author: 'Sergio M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1878929311000752
Abstract: 'ABSTRACTThe dynamic aspect of behavior is exaggerated during social interactions such as sex, combat and rough-and-tumble play where the movements of the two animals involved continually influence one another. The behavioral \xe2\x80\x98markers\xe2\x80\x99 abstracted from this stream can greatly influence the conclusions drawn about the effects of experimental procedures and how changes during development are interpreted. By using methods of analysis that treat behaving systems as being dynamic and governed by negative feedback processes, the behavioral markers that are abstracted can more accurately reflect the underlying mechanisms. Using examples from rats engaged in play fighting, serious fighting and food defense, it is shown that motivational from non-motivational contributions to behavioral output and changes in that output with age can be discerned. For example, while sex differences in the frequency of initiating play by juvenile rats are shown to reflect differences in the motivation to engage in this behavior, sex differences in preferred motor patterns used during play do not. Rather, they reflect differences in perceptual and motor systems. Although an issue that is often neglected, we show that behavioral description, and the theoretical underpinnings of that description, is critical for the study of the mechanisms that produce and regulate behavior.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812023843
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Advanced multiple response surface method of sensitivity analysis for turbine blisk reliability with multi-physics coupling'
Author: 'Chunyi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936116300796
Abstract: 'AbstractTo reasonably implement the reliability analysis and describe the significance of influencing parameters for the multi-failure modes of turbine blisk, advanced multiple response surface method (AMRSM) was proposed for multi-failure mode sensitivity analysis for reliability. The mathematical model of AMRSM was established and the basic principle of multi-failure mode sensitivity analysis for reliability with AMRSM was given. The important parameters of turbine blisk failures are obtained by the multi-failure mode sensitivity analysis of turbine blisk. Through the reliability sensitivity analyses of multiple failure modes (deformation, stress and strain) with the proposed method considering fluid\xe2\x80\x93thermal\xe2\x80\x93solid interaction, it is shown that the comprehensive reliability of turbine blisk is 0.9931 when the allowable deformation, stress and strain are 3.7\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa010\xe2\x88\x923\xc2\xa0m, 1.0023\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa0109\xc2\xa0Pa and 1.05\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa010\xe2\x88\x922\xc2\xa0m/m, respectively; the main impact factors of turbine blisk failure are gas velocity, gas temperature and rotational speed. As demonstrated in the comparison of methods (Monte Carlo (MC) method, traditional response surface method (RSM), multiple response surface method (MRSM) and AMRSM), the proposed AMRSM improves computational efficiency with acceptable computational accuracy. The efforts of this study provide the AMRSM with high precision and efficiency for multi-failure mode reliability analysis, and offer a useful insight for the reliability optimization design of multi-failure mode structure.'

Title: 'Deductive temporal reasoning with constraints'
Author: 'Clare'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1570868312000493
Abstract: 'AbstractWhen modelling realistic systems, physical constraints on the resources available are often required. For example, we might say that at most N processes can access a particular resource at any moment, exactly M participants are needed for an agreement, or an agent can be in exactly one mode at any moment. Such situations are concisely modelled where literals are constrained such that at most N, or exactly M, can hold at any moment in time. In this paper we consider a logic which is a combination of standard propositional linear time temporal logic with cardinality constraints restricting the numbers of literals that can be satisfied at any moment in time. We present the logic and show how to represent a number of case studies using this logic. We propose a tableau-like algorithm for checking the satisfiability of formulae in this logic, provide details of a prototype implementation and present experimental results using the prover.'

Title: 'Consensus analysis of networked multi-agent systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Qi-Di'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389210002828
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper discusses the problem of consensus for multi-agent systems and convergence analysis. The decentralized consensus control strategy is implemented based on artificial potential functions (APF). Due to the existence of local minima in the APF, some special functions are introduced to settle that limitation. A convergence of consensus protocol is defined to investigate the consensus problem and based on Lyapunov approach sufficient conditions for this convergence principle are established. The main contribution of this paper is to provide a valid decentralized consensus algorithm that overcomes the difficulties caused by nonlinearity and switching coupling topology, and therefore has its obvious practical applications. Finally, simulation results are included.'

Title: 'Interaction Between Tangible and Virtual Agents on Interactive Tables: Principles and Case Study\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yoann'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913006182
Abstract: 'AbstractInteractive tables &lpar;tactile, tangible and mixed tables&rpar; are mainly used as support of interaction to design applications and value-added services. Indeed, new collaborative applications emerged from theses new supports using classical interaction &lpar;through keyboard, mouse and screen devices&rpar;. Nowadays, new sensory entries enable users using their hands to manipulate different objects. This article is indented to propose a global interaction model that associates multiagent system concepts to interactive table entities. The model proposes two types of entities that can be used simultaneously: virtual and tangible entities. The virtual entities can result from video projection or from screen use on the interactive table. The tangible entities are physical objects that can be manipulated by one or several users. These are detected through dedicated sensors. At the end of this article, a case study is presented. It illustrates the management of a road traffic simulator using the TangiSense interactive table. The illustrations show mainly the communication between the different agents. In addition, the simulator presents the advantages of the proposed model in order to facilitate the implied users\xe2\x80\x99 decision during the simulation process.'

Title: 'The System Architecture of Smart Water Grid for Water Security\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yuntao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705816318811
Abstract: 'AbstractArchitecture of smart water grid based on Internet of Things was proposed, mainly including hierarchy framework, technical system and function framework. The hierarchy framework is consists of real-time active sensing layer, interconnecting layer of water information interconnection layer, and smart decision layer. The technical system mainly contains the techniques,e.g.,the multi-carrier network composing and real-time transporting, intelligent storage of mass data and the seamless docking of multi-modules of the system, the coupled simulation of multi-dimensional water model, the evaluation and diagnosis of water security risk,the fast and dynamic forecasting model building of water pollution incidents, the multi-objective optimization and control technology of water quality and quantity of cascade reservoirs, the dynamic early warning technology in the unexpected water pollution incidents, the emergency disposal technology of the multi-scale, multi-type and multi-objective unexpected water pollution incidents. The functions framework includes the modules, e.g., intelligent sensing, intelligent simulation, intelligent diagnosis, intelligent early warning, and intelligent regulation, intelligent disposal, and intelligent control, et.al.'

Title: 'Multiobjective Harmony Search Algorithm Proposals'
Author: 'Juan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1571066111001745
Abstract: 'AbstractHarmony Search metaheuristic is successfully used in several applications of science and engineering. However, its effectiveness in solving multiobjective optimization problems using the concepts of Pareto optimality, remains unproved. This paper presents two proposals of the Harmony Search metaheuristic for multiobjective optimization, using the ZDT functions as a test bed. Performance metrics for experimental results show that the proposals are competitive even when compared to NSGA-II evolutionary algorithm.'

Title: 'A Multi-Objective Quantum-Inspired Genetic Algorithm (Mo-QIGA) for Real-Time Tasks Scheduling in Multiprocessor Environment'
Author: 'Debanjan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918306811
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper aims at providing a multi-objective real-time scheduling algorithm suitable for scheduling of real-time tasks in multiprocessor system with multi-objective criteria. In this proposed Mo-QIGA, scheduling of multi-objective realtime tasks have been targeted for minimizing completion time and total tardiness of each real-time task simultaneously. The exploration of quantum computation in the suggested Mo-QIGA mimics the principles and basic concepts of quantum mechanics. Variable length chromosomes are used in Mo-QIGA and in order to exhibit full Hilbert hyperspace, qubits representation is preferred. In addition, Quantum rotation gate is employed to update the schedules and it obviates classical genetic operators. In order to obtain Pareto-optimal solutions, a random key distribution has been adopted to convert the qubits particles to valid schedule solutions. Moreover, permutation based trimming technique has been introduced for population diversification which leads to good quality schedules. The experiments have been carried out using number of processors varying with real-time tasks priority and processing time. It has been found that the suggested multi-objective quantum inspired genetic algorithm outperforms its classical counterpart in terms of scheduling accuracy and time in multi-objective sense.'

Title: 'Gravitational Search Algorithm and Lyapunov Theory based Stable Adaptive Fuzzy Logic Controller\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Ananya'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017313005604
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper a new hybrid design methodology for stable adaptive fuzzy controllers for a non-linear system is proposed. The proposed design strategy utilizes the gravitational search algorithm (GSA) based heuristic global search technique and Lyapunov theory based local adaptation. The objective is to design a self-adaptive fuzzy controller, optimizing the free parameters of the fuzzy controller, so that the designed controller can guarantee desired stability. The GSA based design and hybrid GSA- Lyapunov concurrent design methodologies are implemented for a nonlinear plant with different reference signals and the results demonstrate the superiority of proposed hybrid design methodology.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916310432
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Engineering Antifragile Systems: A Change In Design Philosophy\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Kennie H.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914007042
Abstract: 'AbstractWhile technology has made astounding advances in the last century, problems are confronting the engineering community that must be solved. Cost and schedule of producing large systems are increasing at an unsustainable rate and these systems often do not perform as intended. New systems are required that may not be achieved by current methods. To solve these problems, NASA is working to infuse concepts from Complexity Science into the engineering process. Some of these problems may be solved by a change in design philosophy. Instead of designing systems to meet known requirements that will always lead to fragile systems at some degree, systems should be designed wherever possible to be antifragile: designing cognitive cyber-physical systems that can learn from their experience, adapt to unforeseen events they face in their environment, and grow stronger in the face of adversity. Several examples are presented of on ongoing research efforts to employ this philosophy.'

Title: 'Tracking Control Scheme for Multiple Autonomous Underwater Vehicles Subject to Union of Boundaries'
Author: 'Zool H.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812026987
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a new region boundary-based tracking control for Multiple Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (MAUVs). The proposed controller enables MAUVs to track a moving target formed by the union of two or more boundaries. In this case, multiplicative potential energy function is used to unite the whole boundaries. Moreover, each underwater vehicle navigates into a specific position on the boundary lines or surfaces while the target itself is moving. A non-negative Lyapunov-like function is presented for stability analysis of the MAUVs. Simulation results on 6 degrees-of-freedom AUVs are presented to illustrate the performance of new tracking control scheme.'

Title: 'PerspectiveSimple agents learn to find their way: An introduction on mapping polygons'
Author: 'J\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa9mie'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0166218X13000309
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper gives an introduction to the problem of mapping simple polygons with autonomous agents. We focus on minimalistic agents that move from vertex to vertex along straight lines inside a polygon, using their sensors to gather local data at each vertex. Our attention revolves around the question whether a given configuration of sensors and movement capabilities of the agents allows them to capture enough data in order to draw conclusions regarding the global layout of the polygon.In particular, we study the problem of reconstructing the visibility graph of a simple polygon by an agent moving either inside or on the boundary of the polygon. Our aim is to provide insight about the algorithmic challenges faced by an agent trying to map a polygon. We present an overview of techniques for solving this problem with agents that are equipped with simple sensorial capabilities. We illustrate these techniques on examples with sensors that measure angles between lines of sight or identify the previous location. We also give an overview over related problems in combinatorial geometry as well as graph exploration.'

Title: 'Virtual Cellular Multi-period Formation under the Dynamic Environment\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Wenmin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212667814001452
Abstract: "AbstractVirtual cellular manufacturing is an innovative way of production organization which both in the production of flexibility and efficient to meet today's rapid development of science and technology and replacement of products. The key process of the design of virtual cellular manufacturing system\xe2\x80\x94cell formation is the focus of research. In order to meet the characteristics of small batch and dynamically changing market demand, this paper studies the problems of virtual cellular multi-period dynamic reconfiguration. A reconfigurable system programming model is developed. The model incorporates parameters of the problems of product dynamic demand, machine capacity, operation sequence, balanced workload, alternative routings and batch setting. The objective of mixed integer programming model is to minimize the total costs of operation, moving raw materials, inventory holding and process routes setup. Though a case study, demonstrates the feasibility and validity of the model in reality."

Title: 'Exploring Ancient Landscapes Under Lake Huron Using Cultural Algorithms'
Author: 'Kevin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050911005217
Abstract: 'AbstractThe L-CAPS system is a functional interface for learning group behavior using Cultural Algorithms in the land bridge simulation example. It enables the Cultural Algorithms process to implicitly communicate with, modify and evaluate, autonomous game agents restricted to an external virtual world. The L-CAPS system is described and used to learn the group behavior of caribou herds in the virtual world.'

Title: 'An improved teaching-learning-based optimization algorithm for solving unconstrained optimization problems'
Author: 'R. Venkata'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309812002672
Abstract: 'AbstractTeaching\xe2\x80\x93Learning-Based Optimization (TLBO) algorithms simulate the teaching\xe2\x80\x93learning phenomenon of a classroom to solve multi-dimensional, linear and nonlinear problems with appreciable efficiency. In this paper, the basic TLBO algorithm is improved to enhance its exploration and exploitation capacities by introducing the concept of number of teachers, adaptive teaching factor, tutorial training and self motivated learning. Performance of the improved TLBO algorithm is assessed by implementing it on a range of standard unconstrained benchmark functions having different characteristics. The results of optimization obtained using the improved TLBO algorithm are validated by comparing them with those obtained using the basic TLBO and other optimization algorithms available in the literature.'

Title: 'Data-driven Weld Nugget Width Prediction with Decision Tree Algorithm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Fahim'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917302743
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents the capability of a decision tree algorithm to realize a data-driven resistance spot welding (RSW) weldability prediction. Although RSW provides commendable advantages, such as low cost and high speed/high volume operations, the RSW processes are often inconsistent and these significant inconsistencies are a well-known reliability issue. RSW process and data challenges including inconsistency often hinder the utilization of the data-driven weldability prediction. In this paper, we apply a decision tree algorithm on the RSW dataset collected from an automotive OEM to plot regression trees and to extract decision rules for the weld nugget width prediction. With three RSW test datasets, we conclude that the decision trees help in predicting the nugget width and in determining the impact of design and process parameters to the nugget width response variable.'

Title: 'The irace package: Iterated racing for automatic algorithm configuration'
Author: 'Manuel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214716015300270
Abstract: 'AbstractModern optimization algorithms typically require the setting of a large number of parameters to optimize their performance. The immediate goal of automatic algorithm configuration is to find, automatically, the best parameter settings of an optimizer. Ultimately, automatic algorithm configuration has the potential to lead to new design paradigms for optimization software. The irace package is a software package that implements a number of automatic configuration procedures. In particular, it offers iterated racing procedures, which have been used successfully to automatically configure various state-of-the-art algorithms. The iterated racing procedures implemented in irace include the iterated F-race algorithm and several extensions and improvements over it. In this paper, we describe the rationale underlying the iterated racing procedures and introduce a number of recent extensions. Among these, we introduce a restart mechanism to avoid premature convergence, the use of truncated sampling distributions to handle correctly parameter bounds, and an elitist racing procedure for ensuring that the best configurations returned are also those evaluated in the highest number of training instances. We experimentally evaluate the most recent version of irace and demonstrate with a number of example applications the use and potential of irace, in particular, and automatic algorithm configuration, in general.'

Title: 'Optimal Design of Electric Power Assisted Steering System (EPAS) Using GA-PID Method'
Author: 'M.K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812026203
Abstract: 'AbstractThe introduction of Electric Power Assisted Steering (EPAS) system is gradually replacing the conventional steering system in modern cars. The main advantage of EPAS system is the ability to minimise energy consumption. This paper discusses the implementation of GA-PID algorithm to realise the potential of energy reduction as compared to conventional PID method. A brushes DC motor is mounted on the steering column to provide an assist torque to the driver. This configuration is known as C-type EPAS system. The results have shown GA-PID controller is bale to minimize energy consumption as compared to PID controller.'

Title: 'Approach for the Conceptual Design Validation of Production Systems using Automated Simulation-Model Generation\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913000094
Abstract: 'AbstractIncreasing global competition forces companies to constantly reduce the time-to-market of their products. This involves not only the reduction of the product development time itself, but also the reduction of production system development until the desired production output level has been achieved. Since the development of product and production system highly determine each other, they have to be developed in a close interplay. According to Systems Engineering principles all the involved engineering disciplines must be included in an integrated development process based on a common system model to achieve the required systems thinking. Each engineering discipline performs its individual development task in accordance with the overall requirements and dependencies that are defined within the system model. However in early design phases there is always a gap between the general system model and the discipline-specific development tools since the system characteristics are not yet entirely defined and subject to change. In our contribution we present and validate an approach to automatically generate discrete-event material flow simulation models from a general system model of the production system already in the conceptual design phase. The approach enables a continuous validation of the overall system design and therefore significantly reduces the development time and costs.'

Title: 'Asymptotic Tracking Position Control for Nonlinear Systems using BacksteppingTechnique\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'S. Md.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705813001537
Abstract: 'AbstractBackstepping is a technique developed for designing stabilizing controls for a special class of nonlinear dynamical systems. It is built from subsystems that radiate out from an irreducible system which can be stabilized using some other method. This method is based directly on the mathematical model of the examined system. It is developed by introducing new variables into it in a form depending on the state variables, controlling parameters and stabilizing functions. The stabilizing functions compensate for nonlinearities exists in the system which affect the stability of its operation. Backstepping can be used for tracking and regulation problem. With the aid of Lyapunov stability design, this paper presents control approach for asymptotical tracking. Electrohydraulic actuator system is chosen as numerical example for the designed controller. The performance of backstepping controller is then compared with unity feedback controller applied to the same system. The results show that backstepping controller produced better output tracking then unity feedback controller.'

Title: 'Multi-pheromone ant Colony Optimization for Socio-cognitive Simulation Purposes\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mateusz'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091501042X
Abstract: 'AbstractWe present an application of Ant Colony Optimisation (ACO) to simulate socio-cognitive features of a population. We incorporated perspective taking ability to generate three different proportions of ant colonies: Control Sample, High Altercentricity Sample, and Low Alter-centricity Sample. We simulated their performances on the Travelling Salesman Problem and compared them with the classic ACO. Results show that all three \xe2\x80\x98cognitively enabled\xe2\x80\x99 ant colonies require less time than the classic ACO. Also, though the best solution is found by the classic ACO, the Control Sample finds almost as good a solution but much faster. This study is offered as an example to illustrate an easy way of defining inter-individual interactions based on stigmergic features of the environment.'

Title: 'Combinatorial Optimization Algorithm of MIGA and NLPQL for a Plug-in Hybrid Electric Bus Parameters Optimization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Hongwen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610217307713
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, the fuel economy is chosen as the optimization target of a Plug-in hybrid electric bus (PHEB). The optimization mathematical model of PHEB powertrain parameters is established, which is based on optimal energy management strategy, and the energy management strategy of this model is formulated by dynamic programming (DP) algorithm. Firstly, PHEB fuel economy is chosen as the objective function of parameter optimization. Then, combinatorial optimization algorithm is designed by Multi-Island genetic algorithm (MIGA) and Sequential Quadratic Programming-NLPQL. MIGA is used for global optimization firstly, and the NLPQL is used for local optimization. Finally, experiments results prove that PHEB fuel consumption per 100\xc2\xa0km has reduced to 17.41 L diesel from 18.51 L diesel, and electricity consumption per 100\xc2\xa0km remains the same level.'

Title: 'LetterOptimal control of stretching process of flexible solar arrays on spacecraft based on a hybrid optimization strategy'
Author: 'Qijia'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2095034917300703
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The optimal control problem of stretching process of solar arrays on spacecraft is discussed.\xe2\x80\xa2The elastic deformation of flexible solar arrays is described approximately by the assumed mode method.\xe2\x80\xa2A hybrid optimization strategy based on Gauss pseudospectral method and direct shooting method is proposed.AbstractThe optimal control of multibody spacecraft during the stretching process of solar arrays is investigated, and a hybrid optimization strategy based on Gauss pseudospectral method (GPM) and direct shooting method (DSM) is presented. First, the elastic deformation of flexible solar arrays was described approximately by the assumed mode method, and a dynamic model was established by the second Lagrangian equation. Then, the nonholonomic motion planning problem is transformed into a nonlinear programming problem by using GPM. By giving fewer LG points, initial values of the state variables and control variables were obtained. A serial optimization framework was adopted to obtain the approximate optimal solution from a feasible solution. Finally, the control variables were discretized at LG points, and the precise optimal control inputs were obtained by DSM. The optimal trajectory of the system can be obtained through numerical integration. Through numerical simulation, the stretching process of solar arrays is stable with no detours, and the control inputs match the various constraints of actual conditions. The results indicate that the method is effective with good robustness.'

Title: 'Fuzzy Multi-objective Optimization of EMT Based on the Minimum Average Weighted Deviation Algorithm\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Pengtao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610217307543
Abstract: 'AbstractThe optimal control of the vehicles with electro-mechanical transmission is a problem of multi-objective optimization. In this paper, based on the working characteristics of the engine, the battery pack and the motor/generators (MGs) as well as their interactions, a multi-objective optimization model with the optimal objective functions which include drivability, electric supply performance and fuel consumption is established. Using the relative membership degree formulas, the multi-objective optimization is transformed to fuzzy multi-objective optimization, and the problem of multi-objective optimization is converted to single-objective optimization with the corresponding weights of the objective functions gained by the minimum average weighted deviation algorithm. The forward model based on Matlab is implemented. Compared with the rule-based method, this method had enabled the drivability, the electric supply performance and the fuel consumption to improve by 29.8%, 38.1% and 11.8%, respectively.'

Title: 'Full Length ArticleAn optimal fuzzy PID control approach for docking maneuver of two spacecraft: Orientational motion'
Author: 'A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098616303536
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper describes a scheme for a Fuzzy-Proportional Integral Derivative (FPID) controller based on genetic algorithm (GA), in a docking maneuver of two spacecraft. The docking maneuver consists of two parts: translation and orientation. Euler\xe2\x80\x99s gyroscopic equation is applied to obtain governing equations of orientational phase. Here, a designed fuzzy-PID controller for stabilization purpose of orientational phase of a docking maneuver is presented based on the Single Input Fuzzy Inference Motor (SIFIMs) dynamically connected Preferrer Fuzzy Inference Motor (PFIM). This fuzzy-PID controller takes the error signal of Euler\xe2\x80\x99s angles and the error of angular velocities of the chaser as its input items, and the driving force as its output. The parameters of the controller are ascertained by using a genetic algorithm. Conflicting objective functions (which their 3D pareto frontiers are obtained by Multi-objective Genetic Algorithm (MOGA)) are distance errors from the set point, angle errors from the set point, and control efforts. Optimization constraint is maximal of the momentum produced by momentum wheels. The result of optimum point demonstrates that the designed controller makes an efficient performance in the orientational phase of the chaser spacecraft. Compared to similar works, some of system parameters like settling time are improved and overshoot (as a critical parameter in docking maneuver) is decreased.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915004342
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Evaluation of the use of a Laser Tracker and an Indexed Metrology Platform as Gauge Equipment in Articulated Arm Coordinate Measuring Machine Verification Procedures\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705815044677
Abstract: 'AbstractThe development of new gauges and alternative calibration and verification techniques applied to articulated arm coordinate measuring machine (AACMM) has been approached in different ways. In this work the analysis of the use of a laser tracker (LT) as reference instrument in calibration and verification procedures for AACMM together with an indexed metrology platform (IMP) replacing the conventional one-dimensional gauges is presented. This technique avoids the need of materializing the length required in a conventional gauge, increasing the flexibility for defining test positions and broadening the definition of reference lengths depending on equipment calibration or verification requirements. The use of the IMP in this verification procedure enables a reduction of testing time and space needed in the data capturing process. The results obtained showed the suitability of the proposed procedure using the LT as reference instrument.'

Title: 'DispatchVisual Neuroscience: How Flies Segregate Moving Objects from the Optic Flow Field'
Author: 'Cole'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982212006318
Abstract: 'SummaryMoving animals often have difficulty detecting moving objects because self-generated optic flow patterns confound image motion. The new hypothesis of \xe2\x80\x98regressive motion salience\xe2\x80\x99 reveals simple rules used by fruit\xc2\xa0flies.'

Title: 'Original research articleRadical ocean futures-scenario development using science fiction prototyping'
Author: 'Andrew'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0016328716301914
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Applies the method of science fiction prototyping to the future of fisheries.\xe2\x80\xa2Presents four \xe2\x80\x98radical\xe2\x80\x99 and compelling narrative scenarios.\xe2\x80\xa2Each scenario is supported by a strong scientific evidence base.\xe2\x80\xa2The scenarios account for complexity and non-linear change.\xe2\x80\xa2Scenarios reflect interaction of ecological, technological & socio-economic change.AbstractScenarios can help individuals, communities, corporations and nations to develop a capacity for dealing with the unknown and unpredictable, or the unlikely but possible. A range of scientific methods for developing scenarios is available, but we argue that they have limited capacity to investigate complex social-ecological futures because: 1) non-linear change is rarely incorporated and: 2) they rarely involve co-evolutionary dynamics of integrated social-ecological systems. This manuscript intends to address these two concerns by applying the method of science fiction prototyping to developing scenarios for the future of global fisheries in a changing global ocean. We used an empirically informed background on existing and emerging trends in marine natural resource use and dynamics to develop four \xe2\x80\x98radical ocean futures,' incorporating and extrapolating from existing environmental, technological, social and economic trends. We argue that the distinctive method as applied here can complement existing scenario methodologies and assist scientists in developing a holistic understanding of complex systems dynamics. The approach holds promise for making scenarios more accessible and interesting to non-academics and can be useful for developing proactive governance mechanisms."

Title: 'Process Planning in Special Machinery: Increasing Reliability in Volatile Surroundings\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sebastian'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827117303451
Abstract: 'AbstractIn Germany the growing demand for customized systems and integrated solutions in machinery enhance the importance of special machinery. Within this industry, the commissioning process represents a significant part in the product engineering process and forms the base for reliability and performance during future operation. However, there is little research focusing on this process for special machinery. In particular, there has been little discussion on methods to evaluate alternative test processes or arranging test processes along the commissioning process. Therefore, this paper develops an application-oriented simulation tool that allows an evaluation of test alternatives and an arrangement of test processes during the commissioning process in special machinery. The authors decided to use Bayesian Networks to model the commissioning process as they enable the connectivity of multiple modules and integrate the stochastic dependencies along the processes. In addition the paper reveals two concepts to deal with unknown processes and the lack of data. Applying the simulation tool in a laser system manufacturer reveals that the simulation tool allows an evaluation as well as the identification of risks and need for countermeasures.'

Title: 'Budgetary and Redundancy Optimization of Heterogeneous Series-Parallel Power Systems under Availability Constraints\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Khaled'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610215015167
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper intends to resolve a redundancy optimization problem (ROP) using a recent bio-inspired metaheuristic which is Bat Algorithm (BA). The problem consists on selecting the appropriate components from a power system so to minimize investment cost. The selection must also satisfy a required reliability constraint. The optimization of multi-state series\xe2\x80\x93parallel power system subject to this kind of common cause failures can be formulated into a nonlinear mathematic model. The series-parallel electrical availability system measurement leads into extensive computational process, which can slows down the optimization algorithm. That why, a commonly employed Universal Generation Function (UGF) is implemented. Experimental results on illustrative example show how Bat algorithm can yields to the optimal design and gives good results in an insignificant processing time.'

Title: 'Short ArticleCrystal Structure of the Heterotrimeric Integrin-Binding Region of Laminin-111'
Author: 'David'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0969212617300023
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The crystal structure of an integrin-binding fragment of laminin has been determined\xe2\x80\xa2The interactions between the coiled coil and the \xce\xb1 chain LG domains are revealed\xe2\x80\xa2The \xce\xb31 chain tail is located on the surface of \xce\xb1 chain domains LG1 and LG2\xe2\x80\xa2Integrins are proposed to bind directly to a glutamic acid in the \xce\xb31 chain tailSummaryLaminins are cell-adhesive glycoproteins that are essential for basement membrane assembly and function. Integrins are important laminin receptors, but their binding site on the heterotrimeric laminins is poorly defined structurally. We report the crystal structure at 2.13\xc2\xa0\xc3\x85 resolution of a minimal integrin-binding fragment of mouse laminin-111, consisting of \xe2\x88\xbc50 residues of \xce\xb11\xce\xb21\xce\xb31 coiled coil and the first three laminin G-like (LG) domains of the \xce\xb11 chain. The LG domains adopt a triangular arrangement, with the C terminus of the coiled coil situated between LG1 and LG2. The critical integrin-binding glutamic acid residue in the \xce\xb31 chain tail is surface exposed and predicted to bind to the metal ion-dependent adhesion site in the integrin \xce\xb21 subunit. Additional contacts to the integrin are likely to be made by the LG1 and LG2 surfaces adjacent to the \xce\xb31 chain tail, which are notably conserved and free of obstructing glycans.Graphical AbstractDownload high-res image (176KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Full Length ArticleAn efficient method for parameter estimation of a nonlinear system using Backtracking Search Algorithm'
Author: 'Puneet'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098617308455
Abstract: 'AbstractTank level systems are ubiquitous in process industries and exhibit a nonlinear nature. This nonlinear behaviour arises prominently due to nonlinear dependence of outflow rate on tank level and/or due to presence of other nonlinear elements in loop such as nonlinear actuators. It is essential to completely investigate the dynamics of system so as to generate an effective and accurate process model for obvious reasons. It may be noted that it is hard to find a unified model of a nonlinear system which can characterize the process in the entire operating range. To address this issue, this paper is a sincere effort to accurately identify a nonlinear tank level system with the help of a recently developed evolutionary algorithm i.e. Backtracking Search Algorithm (BSA). Two different optimization problems were created and solved using BSA to estimate the tank level system parameters and are termed as Method 1 and Method 2, respectively. The optimization was performed to minimize summation of absolute error (SAE) between experimental and simulated data yielding the parameters of model. During the training phase, Method 1 used only one data set and Method 2 used a combination of five different data sets of experiments at different operating conditions. From the results obtained through the experimentation on a hardware setup, it can be easily inferred that parameter estimation using Method 2 gives better identification than Method 1 by providing lower SAE values.'

Title: 'An integrated performance driven manufacturing management strategy based on overall system effectiveness'
Author: 'Boyd A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0166361517300787
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2An Overall System Efficiency (OSE) simulation model is described for use in the analysis and prediction of manufacturing performance gains.\xe2\x80\xa2The OSE model uses stockout frequency as a driving parameter when searching for the best system configuration for the production line.\xe2\x80\xa2Case study results indicate the method could be gainfully applied to similar assembly line re-design problems, where significant gains in performance are required.AbstractThe re-engineering of a manufacturing assembly line should allow an organisation to obtain significant performance improvement toward meeting company objectives. These performance improvements, often in the areas of quality, cost, and delivery (QCD) may be external in areas affecting customer satisfaction, and internal in areas such as improving average productivity obtained per staff member, or per unit of production area floor space. An Overall System Efficiency (OSE) decision support model is described for use in the analysis and prediction of customer satisfaction goals. The OSE model uses customer service level in terms of stockout frequency as a trade-off parameter when optimising overall performance achievable from the production line.'

Title: 'Generating Milling Tool Paths for Prismatic Parts Using Genetic Programming\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Jack'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827115007039
Abstract: 'AbstractThe automatic generation of milling tool paths traditionally relies on applying complex tool path generation algorithms to a geometric model of the desired part. For parts with unusual geometries or intricate intersections between sculpted surfaces, manual intervention is often required when normal tool path generation methods fail to produce efficient tool paths. In this paper, a simplified model of the machining process is used to create a domain-specific language that enables tool paths to be generated and optimised through an evolutionary process - formulated, in this case, as a genetic programming system. The driving force behind the optimisation is a fitness function that promotes tool paths whose result matches the desired part geometry and favours those that reach their goal in fewer steps. Consequently, the system is not reliant on tool path generation algorithms, but instead requires a description of the desired characteristics of a good solution, which can then be used to measure and evaluate the relative performance of the candidate solutions that are generated. The performance of the system is less sensitive to different geometries of the desired part and doesn\xe2\x80\x99t require any additional rules to deal with changes to the initial stock (e.g. when rest roughing). The method is initially demonstrated on a number of simple test components and the genetic programming process is shown to positively influence the outcome. Further tests and extensions to the work are presented.'

Title: 'Los Sistemas de Suspensi\xc3\xb3n Activa y Semiactiva: Una Revisi\xc3\xb3nActive and Semi-active Suspension Systems: A Review'
Author: 'Jorge Hurel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1697791213000034
Abstract: 'ResumenEl prop\xc3\xb3sito de este art\xc3\xadculo es efectuar una revisi\xc3\xb3n del estado del conocimiento en el modelado y control de los sistemas de suspensi\xc3\xb3n activa y semiactiva. Se analizan las principales caracter\xc3\xadsticas de los diferentes tipos de sistemas de suspensi\xc3\xb3n: pasiva, activa y semiactiva. Respecto al modelado y simulaci\xc3\xb3n de los sistemas de suspensi\xc3\xb3n, se examinan los distintos enfoques, herramientas y aplicaciones en el contexto de la din\xc3\xa1mica vehicular. Adem\xc3\xa1s, para el modelo de un cuarto de veh\xc3\xadculo, ampliamente utilizado en la literatura, se ofrece su desarrollo mediante ecuaciones diferenciales, funci\xc3\xb3n de transferencia, y ecuaciones de estado, incluyendo soluciones y simulaciones en Simulink y SimMechanics. En cuanto al control, se revisan las principales estrategias para la suspensi\xc3\xb3n de veh\xc3\xadculos y se apuntan aplicaciones en otros campos de la ingenier\xc3\xada.AbstractThis paper reviews the state of the art in modeling and control of active and semi-active suspension systems. Distinctive characteristics are established for the major types of suspension systems: passive, active, and semi-active. Regarding modeling and simulation, different approaches, tools and applications are discussed in the context of vehicle dynamics. Besides, the quarter car model, which is widely used in research, is developed with differential equations, transfer functions, and state-space equations, as well as solutions for simulation in Simulink and SimMechanics. As for control of active and semi-active systems, the major strategies for vehicle suspension are reviewed. Furthermore, the paper outlines suspension control in other engineering applications.'

Title: 'Pedestrian fuzzy risk exposure indicator'
Author: 'Meriem'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352146517301540
Abstract: 'Abstract:We all find ourselves in the situation of a pedestrian at least for a short period of time. The loss of millions of lives and injury of others, is not enough sufficient for urban architects, decisions makers and designers to radically reconsider the design of the urban network, and not only improve the use of pathways and priorities rules, but to improve the walking environment for pedestrians while considering walking as an essential and necessary part of the overall transportation system. Without protection, pedestrians are particularly vulnerable network road users. The reduction or elimination of risks to pedestrians is an important and achievable goal. In this paper we present an indicator of pedestrians\xe2\x80\x99 accidents risk which can evaluate the accident rate on a chosen network road.'

Title: 'Product Module Identification Based on Assured Customer Requirements'
Author: 'Quan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811024866
Abstract: 'AbstractModular design includes module identification and module assembly. To obtain the optimization project of module identification, the assured customer requirements must be gained. So, the gain technology of assured customer requirements, which using gray system theory, is proposed in this paper. Then, the assured customer requirements should be change to the factors of product function, performance, physics and so on. After to gain above factors\xe2\x80\x99 relation matrix, a synthesis design structure matrix can be obtain. An optimization function which based on the axiomatic design theory is established. Then, a new numerical optimization approach about product module identification, which used improved harmony search algorithm, is presented in this paper. This approach is tested several times. The optimization project can be attaining at each time. The result demonstrates the feasibility of the proposed approaches.'

Title: 'Unmanned Aerial Aircraft Systems for transportation engineering: Current practice and future challenges'
Author: 'Emmanouil N.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2046043016300533
Abstract: 'AbstractAcquiring and processing video streams from static cameras has been proposed as one of the most efficient tools for visualizing and gathering traffic information. With the latest advances in technology and visual media, combined with the increased needs in dealing with congestion more effectively and directly, the use of Unmanned Aerial Aircraft Systems (UAS) has emerged in the field of traffic engineering. In this paper, we review studies and applications that incorporate UAS in transportation research and practice with the aim to set the grounds from the proper understanding and implementation of UAS related surveillance systems in transportation and traffic engineering. The studies reviewed are categorized in different transportation engineering areas. Additional significant applications from other research fields are also referenced to identify other promising applications. Finally, issues and emerging challenges in both a conceptual and methodological level are revealed and discussed.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917320161
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811048119
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Bio-inspired Approaches for Engineering Adaptive Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914007030
Abstract: 'AbstractAdaptive systems are composed of different heterogeneous parts or entities that interact and perform actions favouring the emer- gence of global desired behavior. In this type of systems entities might join or leave without disturbing the collective, and the system should self-organize and continue performing their goals. Furthermore, entities must self-evolve and self-improve by learn- ing from their interactions with the environment. The main challenge for engineering these systems is to design and develop distributed and adaptive algorithms that allow system entities to select the best suitable strategy/action and drive the system to the best suitable behavior according to the current state of the system and environment changes. This paper describes existing work related to the development of adaptive systems and approaches and shed light on how features from natural and biological systems could be exploited for engineering adaptive approaches.'

Title: 'Multi Agent model based on Chemical Reaction Optimization with Greedy algorithm for Flexible Job shop Scheduling Problem'
Author: 'Bilel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917315314
Abstract: 'AbstractScheduling in production systems consists in assigning operations on a set of available resources in order to achieve defined objectives. The Flexible Job shop Scheduling Problem (FJSP) is one of the scheduling problems and also an extension of classical Job shop Scheduling Problem (JSP) such that each operation can be processed on different machine and its processing time depends on the used machine. The FJSP is classified, as most of scheduling problems, NP-Hard in complexity theory and can be decomposed into two sub-problems: a routing sub-problem, which consists of assigning each operation to a machine out of a set of alternative machines, and a scheduling sub-problem, which consists of sequencing the assigned operations on all selected machines in order to attain a feasible schedule with optimized objectives. In this paper, we propose a decentralized model named Multi Agent model based on Chemical Reaction Optimization with Greedy algorithm (MACROG-FJSP) to solve the FJSP in order to minimize the maximum completion time (Makespan). Experiments are performed on well known benchmark instances proposed in the literature which are Fattahi, Kacem, Brandimarte and Hurink instances to evaluate the performance of our model.'

Title: 'The Application of Imperialist Competitive Algorithm based on Chaos Theory in Perceptron Neural Network'
Author: 'Xiuping'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389212005391
Abstract: "AbstractIn this paper, the weights of a Neural Network using Chaotic Imperialist Competitive Algorithm are updated. A three-layered Perseptron Neural Network applied for prediction of the maximum worth of the stocks changed in TEHRAN's bourse market. We trained this neural network with CICA, ICA, PSO and GA algorithms and compared the results with each other. The consideration of the results showed that the training and test error of the network trained by the CICA algorithm has been reduced in comparison to the other three methods."

Title: 'Direct yaw moment control actuated through electric drivetrains and friction brakes: Theoretical design and experimental assessment'
Author: 'Leonardo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0957415814002104
Abstract: 'AbstractA significant challenge in electric vehicles with multiple motors is how to control the individual drivetrains in order to achieve measurable benefits in terms of vehicle cornering response, compared to conventional stability control systems actuating the friction brakes. This paper presents a direct yaw moment controller based on the combination of feedforward and feedback contributions for continuous yaw rate control. When the estimated sideslip exceeds a pre-defined threshold, a sideslip-based yaw moment contribution is activated. All yaw moment contributions are entirely tunable through model-based approaches, for reduced vehicle testing time. The purpose of the controller is to continuously modify the vehicle understeer characteristic in quasi-static conditions and increase yaw and sideslip damping during transients. Skid-pad, step-steer and sweep steer tests are carried out with a front-wheel-drive fully electric vehicle demonstrator with two independent drivetrains. The experimental test results of the electric motor-based actuation of the direct yaw moment controller are compared with those deriving from the friction brake-based actuation of the same algorithm, which is a major contribution of this paper. The novel results show that continuous direct yaw moment control allows significant \xe2\x80\x9con-demand\xe2\x80\x9d changes of the vehicle response in cornering conditions and to enhance active vehicle safety during extreme driving maneuvers.'

Title: 'Book of Abstracts\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017314004150
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Machine Learning Approach for Optimization of Automated Fiber Placement Processes\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827117304833
Abstract: 'AbstractAutomated Fiber Placement (AFP) processes are commonly deployed in manufacturing of lightweight structures made of carbon fibre reinforced polymer. In general, AFP is connected to individual manufacturing knowledge during process planning and time consuming manual quality inspections. In both cases, automatic solutions provide a high economic potential. Therefore, a machine learning approach for planning, optimizing and inspection of AFP processes is presented. Process data from planning, CNC and online process monitoring is aggregated for the documentation of the part specific manufacturing history and the automated generation of manufacturing knowledge. Within this approach a complete automation of data capturing, data storing, modeling and optimizing is achieved.'

Title: 'Imperialist competitive algorithm for solving systems of nonlinear equations'
Author: 'Mahdi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122113002241
Abstract: 'AbstractSolving systems of nonlinear equations is a relatively complicated problem in which arise a diverse range of sciences. There are a number of different approaches that have been proposed. In this paper, we employ the imperialist competitive algorithm (ICA) for solving systems of nonlinear equations. Some well-known problems are presented to demonstrate the efficiency of this new robust optimization method in comparison to other known methods.'

Title: 'Data Mining based Hybridization of Meta-RaPS\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Fatemah'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914013465
Abstract: 'AbstractThough metaheuristics have been frequently employed to improve the performance of data mining algorithms, the opposite is not true. This paper discusses the process of employing a data mining algorithm to improve the performance of a metaheuristic algorithm. The targeted algorithms to be hybridized are the Meta-heuristic for Randomized Priority Search (Meta-RaPS) and an algorithm used to create an Inductive Decision Tree. This hybridization focuses on using a decision tree to perform on-line tuning of the parameters in Meta-RaPS. The process makes use of the information collected during the iterative construction and improvement phases Meta-RaPS performs. The data mining algorithm is used to find a favorable parameter using the knowledge gained from previous Meta-RaPS iterations. This knowledge is then used in future Meta-RaPS iterations. The proposed concept is applied to benchmark instances of the Vehicle Routing Problem.'

Title: 'The Prediction of Coating Geometry from Main Processing Parameters in Laser Cladding\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Ond\xc5\x99ej'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389214003113
Abstract: 'AbstractBased on a recently published recursive model describing the geometry of laser clad coatings and on experimental track characteristics we propose specific functions to describe the geometry of laser clad coatings formed by overlap of individual tracks depending on the processing parameters. The recursive model provides a very good description ofthe whole geometry of the coating from the Height H and width w of a single laser track for any overlap ratio OR. We have shown in the past that the height and width of a single track are well correlated with the main laser cladding processing parameters for both coaxial and side cladding set-ups. Combining these two approaches leads to prediction of the complete geometry of laser clad coatings from basic processing parameters. These parameters are: Feeding rate F, Laser beam scanning speed S and overlap ratio OR. The character of the functions that describe the height and waviness of the final coating is the same for both coaxial and side cladding set-ups.'

Title: 'Issues in the real-time computation of optimal control'
Author: 'I. Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S089571770500542X
Abstract: 'AbstractUnder appropriate conditions, the dynamics of a control system governed by ordinary differential equations can be formulated in several ways: differential inclusion, control parametrization, flatness parametrization, higher-order inclusions and so on. A plethora of techniques have been proposed for each of these formulations but they are typically not portable across equivalent mathematical formulations. Further complications arise as a result of configuration and control constraints such as those imposed by obstacle avoidance or control saturation. In this paper, we present a unified framework for handling the computation of optimal controls where the description of the governing equations or that of the path constraint is not a limitation. In fact, our method exploits the advantages offered by coordinate transformations and harnesses any inherent smoothness present in the optimal system trajectories. We demonstrate how our computational framework can easily and efficiently handle different cost formulations, control sets and path constraints. We illustrate our ideas by formulating a robotics problem in eight different ways, including a differentially flat formulation subject to control saturation. This example establishes the loss of convexity in the flat formulation as well as its ramifications for computation and optimality. In addition, a numerical comparison of our unified approach to a recent technique tailored for control-affine systems reveals that we get about 30% improvement in the performance index.'

Title: 'Classification and Review of Multi-agents Systems in the Manufacturing Section\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Georgios'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705814002355
Abstract: 'AbstractCurrent technology and especially Artificial Intelligence effectively increase productivity and take cost out of operations in the Manufacturing sector. One of the main representatives of information technology in the industrial applications are agents. This paper suggests a way to a) categorize multi-agent systems according to the coordination mode among agents and b) classify agents that take action on them, depending on their functions It examines the main approaches of multi-agent architectures, according to their coordination way. The main coordination types are: a) centralized multi-agent coordination (or coordinator agents), in which one central agent undertakes the collection of partial plans from agents, combines them in a plan and solves possible conflicts and b) decentralized multi-agent coordination (or autonomous agents), in which agents are not controlled by a central agent although they communicate with each other for the creation of their plans and the solution of possible arguments. Although there are several aspects that we can consider in order to classify CAD, CAPP and CAM multi-agent systems, this review develops a classification scheme, based on interaction characteristics.'

Title: 'Large scale simulation for human evacuation and rescue'
Author: 'Erol'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122112002611
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper surveys recent research on the use of sensor networks, communications and computer systems to enhance the human outcome of emergency situations. Areas covered include sensing, communication with evacuees and emergency personnel, path finding algorithms for safe evacuation, simulation and prediction, and decision tools. The systems being considered are a special instance of real-time cyber-physical-human systems that have become a crucial component of all large scale physical infrastructures such as buildings, campuses, sports and entertainment venues, and transportation hubs.'

Title: 'Contents\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914010448
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914012356
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Bounds for cops and robber pursuit'
Author: 'Laurent'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0925772110000453
Abstract: 'AbstractWe prove that the robber can evade (that is, stay at least unit distance from) at least \xe2\x8c\x8an/5.889\xe2\x8c\x8b cops patroling an n\xc3\x97n continuous square region, that a robber can always evade a single cop patroling a square with side length 4 or larger, and that a single cop on patrol can always capture the robber in a square with side length smaller than 2.189\xe2\x80\xa6\xc2\xa0.'

Title: 'Engineering Physics and MathematicsA hybrid elicit teaching learning based optimization with fuzzy c-means (ETLBO-FCM) algorithm for data clustering'
Author: 'Janmenjoy'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090447916000289
Abstract: 'AbstractSince its inception, Fuzzy c-means (FCM) technique has been widely used in data clustering. The advantages of FCM such as balancing of individual number of cluster points, drifting of small cluster centers to large neighboring cluster centers, and presence of fuzzy factor, make it more popular. However, early trapping at local minima and high sensitivity to the cluster center initialization are the major limitations of FCM. In this paper, a novel Elicit Teaching learning based optimization (ETLBO) approach has been incorporated with the Fuzzy c-means clustering algorithm to obtain the improved fitness values of the cluster centers. The simulation results of the proposed method have been compared with some other existing methods such as GA, PSO and IPSO. Experimental results show that the proposed approach is superior to the other methods in terms of their fitness value calculations.'

Title: 'A survey on Internet of Things architectures'
Author: 'P.P.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319157816300799
Abstract: 'AbstractInternet of Things is a platform where every day devices become smarter, every day processing becomes intelligent, and every day communication becomes informative. While the Internet of Things is still seeking its own shape, its effects have already stared in making incredible strides as a universal solution media for the connected scenario. Architecture specific study does always pave the conformation of related field. The lack of overall architectural knowledge is presently resisting the researchers to get through the scope of Internet of Things centric approaches. This literature surveys Internet of Things oriented architectures that are capable enough to improve the understanding of related tool, technology, and methodology to facilitate developer\xe2\x80\x99s requirements. Directly or indirectly, the presented architectures propose to solve real-life problems by building and deployment of powerful Internet of Things notions. Further, research challenges have been investigated to incorporate the lacuna inside the current trends of architectures to motivate the academics and industries get involved into seeking the possible way outs to apt the exact power of Internet of Things. A main contribution of this survey paper is that it summarizes the current state-of-the-art of Internet of Things architectures in various domains systematically.'

Title: 'Experimental investigation and optimization of weld bead characteristics during submerged arc welding of AISI 1023 steel'
Author: 'Ankush'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214914718300540
Abstract: 'AbstractSubmerged arc welding (SAW), owing to its high deposition rate and high welding quality, is widely used in the fabrication of pressure vessel, marine vessel, pipelines and offshore structures. However, selection of an optimum combination of welding parameters is critical in achieving high weld quality and productivity. In this work, initially, the SAW experiments were performed using fractional factorial design to analyze the effect of direct and indirect input parameters, namely, welding voltage, wire feed rate, welding speed, nozzle to plate distance, flux condition, and plate thickness on weld bead geometrical responses viz. bead width, reinforcement, and penetration. The bead on plate technique was used to deposit weld metal on AISI 1023 steel plates. The effect of SAW input parameters on response variables were analyzed using main and interaction effects. The linear regression was used to develop the mathematical models for the response variable. Then, the multi-objective optimization of input parameters was carried out using desirability approach, genetic algorithm and Jaya algorithm. The Jaya algorithm offered better optimization results as compared to desirability approach, genetic algorithm.'

Title: 'Book reportFrom animals to animals 7: Edited by Bridget Hallam, Dario Floreano, John Hallam,l Gillian Hayes, and Jean-Arcady Meyer. The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. (2002). 420 pages. $70'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S089812210390071X
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Optimal Genetic-sliding Mode Control of VSC-HVDC Transmission Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610215015118
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper deals with the design of a hybrid optimal Genetic-Sliding Mode Control (GA-SMC) approach for VSC- HVDC transmission systems for improving the system's dynamic stability over a wide range of operating conditions considering different parameter variations and disturbances. For this purpose, a comprehensive state of the art of the VSC-HVDC stabilization dilemma is discussed. The nonlinear VSC-HVDC model is developed. The problem of de- signing a nonlinear feedback control scheme via two control strategies is addressed seeking a better performance. For ensuring robustness and chattering free behavior, the conventional SMC (C-SMC) scheme is realized using a boundary layer hyperbolic tangent function for the sliding surface. Then, the Genetic Algorithm (GA) is employed for determining the optimal gains for such SMC methodology forming a modified nonlinear GA-SMC control in order to conveniently stabilize the system end enhance its performance. The simulation results verify the enhanced performance of the VSC-HVDC transmission system controlled by SMC alone compared to the proposed optimal GA-SMC control. The comparative dynamic behavior analysis for both SMC and GA-SMC control schemes are presented."

Title: 'Full length articleAn extended Intelligent Water Drops algorithm for workflow scheduling in cloud computing environment'
Author: 'Shaymaa'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110866517302219
Abstract: 'AbstractCloud computing is emerging as a high performance computing environment with a large scale, heterogeneous collection of autonomous systems and flexible computational architecture. Many resource management methods may enhance the efficiency of the whole cloud computing system. The key part of cloud computing resource management is resource scheduling. Optimized scheduling of tasks on the cloud virtual machines is an NP-hard problem and many algorithms have been presented to solve it. The variations among these schedulers are due to the fact that the scheduling strategies of the schedulers are adapted to the changing environment and the types of tasks. The focus of this paper is on workflows scheduling in cloud computing, which is gaining a lot of attention recently because workflows have emerged as a paradigm to represent complex computing problems. We proposed a novel algorithm extending the natural-based Intelligent Water Drops (IWD) algorithm that optimizes the scheduling of workflows on the cloud. The proposed algorithm is implemented and embedded within the workflows simulation toolkit and tested in different simulated cloud environments with different cost models. Our algorithm showed noticeable enhancements over the classical workflow scheduling algorithms. We made a comparison between the proposed IWD-based algorithm with other well-known scheduling algorithms, including MIN-MIN, MAX-MIN, Round Robin, FCFS, and MCT, PSO and C-PSO, where the proposed algorithm presented noticeable enhancements in the performance and cost in most situations.'

Title: 'A Machine Learning Approach for Abstraction based on the Idea of Deep Belief Artificial Neural Networks\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Florian'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705814003932
Abstract: 'AbstractIn a time-critical world knowledge at the right time might decide everything. However, storing data does not correspond with understanding the knowledge it contains. Thus, solutions capable of learning problem statements and gathering knowledge from huge amounts of data, be it structured or unstructured, are required. This is where computational intelligence and the introduced approach apply: within this paper, a new method of combining restricted Boltzmann machines and feed forward artificial neural networks is elucidated as well as the accuracy of the resulting solution is proofed.'

Title: 'A Research on Multi Agent Modeling Language'
Author: 'Tong'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811018443
Abstract: 'AbstractMulti Agent System (MAS) as a new theory and approach for application development has been bought to attention, while its practical utilization is limited by the technical provision and methodology. The multi agent programming language is a foundation for developing multi agent applications and carrying out multi agent simulations. The current researches on multi agent modeling and programming language are focused on the semantics, Integrated Development Environment (IDE), agent framework and the underlying multi agent platform more or less. This paper will raise the questions in designing a MAS programming language and present a new multi agent modeling language named MA-UML which is modeling paradigms independent.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811027950
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'The Case for Smartphones as an Urgent Computing Client Platform'
Author: 'Nicholas'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912003055
Abstract: 'AbstractThe computing world is now populated with smartphones which combine the features of a phone with a general purpose computer and come loaded with sensors including digital cameras, global positioning system (GPS) receivers, accelerometers and many more. In this paper we argue that these devices are an ideal platform for collecting data for use in urgent computing simulations. We describe how these devices will have far reaching impacts on how people connect with and organize their communities and discuss how this coincides with the rise of community driven response to disasters and the need for decentralized command and control that is discussed in disaster management literature. We also that smartphones, by providing technology which can network people without the use of centralized infrastructure, and which are carried, used, and maintained as part of daily life, are a promising platform for building distributed disaster management applications, which could be part of the inputs provided to an urgent computing simulation. In this paper we describe not only the potential of the platform, but also analyze the challenges it faces in order to realize that potential, and discuss how our middleware is designed to meet these challenges and bring about the future of disaster management applications for smartphones using urgent computing.'

Title: 'An improved group search optimizer for mechanical design optimization problems'
Author: 'Hai'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1002007108003171
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents an improved group search optimizer (iGSO) for solving mechanical design optimization problems. In the proposed algorithm, subpopulations and a co-operation evolutionary strategy were adopted to improve the global search capability and convergence performance. The iGSO is evaluated on two optimization problems of classical mechanical design: spring and pressure vessel. The experimental results are analyzed in comparison with those reported in the literatures. The results show that iGSO has much better convergence performance and is easier to implement in comparison with other existing evolutionary algorithms.'

Title: 'Subject Index'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912000919
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'ORIGINAL ARTICLEEarthquakes magnitude predication using artificial neural network in northern Red Sea area'
Author: 'Abdulrahman S.N.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1018364711000280
Abstract: 'AbstractSince early ages, people tried to predicate earthquakes using simple observations such as strange or atypical animal behavior. In this paper, we study data collected from past earthquakes to give better forecasting for coming earthquakes. We propose the application of artificial intelligent predication system based on artificial neural network which can be used to predicate the magnitude of future earthquakes in northern Red Sea area including the Sinai Peninsula, the Gulf of Aqaba, and the Gulf of Suez. We present performance evaluation for different configurations and neural network structures that show prediction accuracy compared to other methods. The proposed scheme is built based on feed forward neural network model with multi-hidden layers. The model consists of four phases: data acquisition, pre-processing, feature extraction and neural network training and testing. In this study the neural network model provides higher forecast accuracy than other proposed methods. Neural network model is at least 32% better than other methods. This is due to that neural network is capable to capture non-linear relationship than statistical methods and other proposed methods.'

Title: 'Evolutionary Multi-objective Optimization in Building Retrofit Planning Problem\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Hyojoo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705816300509
Abstract: "AbstractEnergy efficiency has been a primary subject of concern in the building sector, which consumes the largest portion of the world's total energy. Especially for existing buildings, retrofitting has been regarded as the most feasible and cost-effective method to improve energy efficiency. When planning retrofit in public buildings, the most obvious objectives are to: (1) minimize energy consumption; (2) minimize CO2 emissions; (3) minimize retrofit costs; and (4) maximize thermal comfort; and one must consider these concerns together. The aim of this study is to apply evolutionary multi-objective optimization algorithm (NSGA-III) that can handle four objectives at a time to the application of building retrofit planning. A brief description of the algorithm is given, and the algorithm is examined using a building retrofit project, as a case study. The performance of the algorithm is evaluated using three measures: average distance to true Pareto-optimal front, hypervolume, and spacing. The results show that this study could be used to find a comprehensive set of trade-off scenarios for all possible retrofits, thereby providing references for building retrofit planners. These decision makers can then select the optimal retrofit strategy to satisfy stakeholders\xe2\x80\x99 preferences."

Title: 'Two-stage open-loop velocity compensating method applied to multi-mass elastic transmission system'
Author: 'Deli'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S100093611300229X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a novel vibration-suppression open-loop control method for multi-mass system is proposed, which uses two-stage velocity compensating algorithm and fuzzy I\xc2\xa0+\xc2\xa0P controller. This compensating method is based on model-based control theory in order to provide a damping effect on the system mechanical part. The mathematical model of multi-mass system is built and reduced to estimate the velocities of masses. The velocity difference between adjacent masses is calculated dynamically. A 3-mass system is regarded as the composition of two 2-mass systems in order to realize the two-stage compensating algorithm. Instead of using a typical PI controller in the velocity compensating loop, a fuzzy I\xc2\xa0+\xc2\xa0P controller is designed and its input variables are decided according to their impact on the system, which is different from the conventional fuzzy PID controller designing rules. Simulations and experimental results show that the proposed velocity compensating method is effective in suppressing vibration on a 3-mass system and it has a better performance when the designed fuzzy I\xc2\xa0+\xc2\xa0P controller is utilized in the control system.'

Title: 'Comparing and Combining Time Series Trajectories Using Dynamic Time Warping\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Neil'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091631907X
Abstract: 'AbstractThis research proposes the application of dynamic time warping (DTW) algorithm to analyse multivariate data from virtual reality training simulators, to assess the skill level of trainees. We present results of DTW algorithm applied to trajectory data from a virtual reality haptic training simulator for epidural needle insertion. The proposed application of DTW algorithm serves two purposes, to enable (i) two trajectories to be compared as a similarity measure and also enables (ii) two or more trajectories to be combined together to produce a typical or representative average trajectory using a novel hierarchical DTW process.Our experiments included 100 expert and 100 novice simulator recordings. The data consists of multivariate time series data-streams including multi-dimensional trajectories combined with force and pressure measurements.Our results show that our proposed application of DTW provides a useful time-independent method for (i) comparing two trajectories by providing a similarity measure and (ii) combining two or more trajectories into one, showing higher performance compared to conventional methods such as linear mean. These results demonstrate that DTW can be useful within virtual reality training simulators to provide a component in an automated scoring and assessment feedback system.'

Title: 'Recognition of one Class of Quadrics from 3D Point Clouds\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Zivana'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116312057
Abstract: 'AbstractWithin cyber physical production systems 3D vision as a source of information from real-world provides enormous possibilities. While the hardware of contemporary 3D scanners is characterized by high speed along with high resolution and accuracy, there is a lack of real-time on-line data processing algorithms that would give certain elements of intelligence to the sensory system. Critical elements of data processing software are efficient, real-time applicable methods for fully automatic recognition of high level geometric primitives from point cloud (surface segmentation and fitting). This paper presents a method for recognition of one class of quadrics from 3D point clouds, in particular for recognition of cylinders, elliptical cylinders and ellipsoids. The method is based on the properties of scatter matrix during direct least squares fitting of ellipsoids. Presented recognition procedure can be employed for segmentation of regions with G1 or higher continuity, and this is its comparative advantage to similar methods. The applicability of the method is illustrated and experimentally verified using two case studies. First case study refers to a synthesized, and the second to a real-world scanned point cloud.'

Title: 'Investigating relationships between cost and CO2 emissions in reinforced concrete structures using a BIM-based design optimisation approach'
Author: 'S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378778817320133
Abstract: 'AbstractAn integrated design approach for the cost and embodied carbon optimisation of reinforced concrete structures is presented in this paper to inform early design decisions. A BIM-based optimisation approach that utilises Finite Element Modelling (FEM) and a multi-objective genetic algorithm with constructability constraints is established for that purpose. A multilevel engineering analysis model is developed to perform structural layout optimisation, slab and columns sizing optimisation, and slab and columns reinforcement optimisation. The overall approach is validated using real buildings and the relationships between cost and carbon optimum solutions are explored. The study exhibits how cost effective and carbon efficient solutions could be obtained without compromising the feasibility of the optimised designs. Results demonstrate that the structural layout and the slab thickness are amongst the most important design optimisation parameters. Finally, the overall analysis suggests that the building form can influence the relationships between cost and carbon for the different structural components.'

Title: 'Subject Index of Chinese Journal of Aeronautics (2015)'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936116000030
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Proceedings'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915008947
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915009813
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'International Conference on Computational Science, ICCS 2010Implementing intelligent cores using processor virtualization for fault tolerance'
Author: 'Blesson'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050910002474
Abstract: 'AbstractProcessor virtualization for process migration in distributed parallel computing systems has formed a significant component of research on load balancing. In contrast, the potential of processor virtualization for fault tolerance has been addressed minimally. The work reported in this paper is motivated towards extending concepts of processor virtualization towards \xe2\x80\x98intelligent cores\xe2\x80\x99 as a means to achieve fault tolerance in distributed parallel computing systems. Intelligent cores are an abstraction of the hardware processing cores, with the incorporation of cognitive capabilities, on which parallel tasks can be executed and migrated. When a processing core executing a task is predicted to fail the task being executed is proactively transferred onto another core. A parallel reduction algorithm incorporating concepts of intelligent cores is implemented on a computer cluster using Adaptive MPI and Charm ++. Preliminary results confirm the feasibility of the approach.'

Title: 'The Scheme of Product Development Process as a Trigger to Product Success: A Theoretical Framework\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Yosephine'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978915011294
Abstract: 'AbstractResearches on product development since 1970s have discussed many aspects. However, none of them clearly describes the relationship between product development activities and product success, the final goal of a business. This paper presents the development of a theoretical framework of the way product development affects product success. The result of a meta-analysis study prior to this study shows that product development is one of the five variables proven to influence product success (r = 0.32). Based on this result, a theoretical framework is developed through five stages. First, relationship between product development and four other variables is evaluated. Through an evaluation on some established models of product development process and a meta-analysis study, three variables, i.e. product characteristic, technological advanced, and management, could be assumed to be inseparable from and closely related to the product development process (0.57 \xe2\x89\xa4 r \xe2\x89\xa4 0.64), while one other variable, market environment, is externally driven and still separated. Second, product development scheme is defined to cover the three variables mentioned above. A meta-analysis study is conducted and the result shows that product development scheme significantly affects the product success (r = 0.31). The model then is restructured into a model of the relationship between product success and the two remaining variables. Third, five sub-variables of product development process, as the elements of product development scheme, is developed based on a mostly referred model and some cases in Indonesia. Forth, a meta-analysis study on the relationship between product success and the five sub-variables is done (0.30 \xe2\x89\xa4 r \xe2\x89\xa4 0.38). Finally, a theoretical framework to model the relationship of product success and product development scheme is developed, as a part of further study.'

Title: 'A multi-objective optimal PID control for a nonlinear system with time delay'
Author: 'Furui'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2095034915302762
Abstract: 'AbstractIt is generally difficult to design feedback controls of nonlinear systems with time delay to meet time domain specifications such as rise time, overshoot, and tracking error. Furthermore, these time domain specifications tend to be conflicting to each other to make the control design even more challenging. This paper presents a cell mapping method for multi-objective optimal feedback control design in time domain for a nonlinear Duffing system with time delay. We first review the multi-objective optimization problem and its formulation for control design. We then introduce the cell mapping method and a hybrid algorithm for global optimal solutions. Numerical simulations of the PID control are presented to show the features of the multi-objective optimal design.'

Title: 'Challenges in Developing DDDAS based Methodology for Volcanic Ash Hazard Analysis \xe2\x80\x93 Effect of Numerical Weather Prediction Variability and Parameter Estimation\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'A.K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913004997
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we will present ongoing work on using a dynamic data driven application system (DDDAS) based approach to the forecast of volcanic ash transport and dispersal. Our primary modeling tool will be a new code puffin formed by the combination of a plume eruption model Bent and the ash transport model Puff. Data from satellite imagery, observation of vent parameters and windfields will drive our simulations. We will use ensemble based uncertainty quantification and parameter estimation methodology \xe2\x80\x93 polynomial chaos quadrature in combination with data integration to complete the DDDAS loop.'

Title: 'State and Error Estimation in Multisource Bayesian Tracking\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Neeta'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913007473
Abstract: 'AbstractState estimate in general multimodal posteriors amounts to maximum-a-posteriori estimation, but estimating the error associated with it is non-trivial. Real-world problems that deal with significantly multimodal posteriors either maintain multiple hypotheses and prune branches after gathering sufficient evidence, or fuse estimates obtained from multiple sources to assess confidence in the estimation. Many applications require good estimate of error leading to faster convergence on state estimate. This paper makes two significant contributions for multisource Bayesian tracking problems. First, it derives a computationally light method for estimating the maximum-a-posteriori state, and second, it proposes a novel error estimator for faster convergence. The properties are demonstrated using application of terrain-aided navigation that fuses data from inertial navigation and altitude sensors.'

Title: 'DispatchGroup Behaviour: Leadership by Those in Need'
Author: 'David J.T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982209007921
Abstract: 'SummaryA new model of animal group behaviour shows that, when the need to reach a target outweighs the costs of splitting from the group, a minority of the most \xe2\x80\x98needy\xe2\x80\x99 individuals become the leaders of large groups.'

Title: 'A multi-objective optimization for brush monofilament tufting process design'
Author: 'Ali'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2288430017300751
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Brush monofilament tufting process design.\xe2\x80\xa2NSGA-II and MOPSO as multi-objective approaches.\xe2\x80\xa2Extensive computational experiments.\xe2\x80\xa2Comparison metrics like spacing, number of Pareto solutions, time, mean distance from ideal solution and diversity.AbstractThis paper addresses the optimization of monofilament tufting process as the most important and the main stage of toothbrush production in sanitary industries. In order to minimize both process time and depreciation costs, and ultimately increase the production efficiency in such an industrial unit, we propose a metaheuristic based optimization approach to solve it. The Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) is used to formulate the proposed problem. Then by using multi-objective evolutionary algorithms, NSGA-II and MOPSO, we seek to obtain the best solution and objective functions described above. Extensive computational experiments on three different kinds of toothbrush handles are performed and the results demonstrate the applicability and appropriate performance of algorithms. The comparison metrics like spacing, number of Pareto solutions, time, mean distance from the ideal solution and diversity are used to evaluate the quality of solutions. Moreover a sensitivity analysis is done for investigation of the performance in various setting of parameters.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (148KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'A model to enhance the reliability of the serial parallel systems with component mixing'
Author: 'Roya'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0307904X13004794
Abstract: 'AbstractSystem reliability, especially for serial parallel systems, has attracted much attention in recent years. Redundancy allocation is a technique to increase the reliability of the serial parallel systems. Supplying redundant components depends on some restrictions such as available budget, weight, space, etc. This paper proposes a new model for redundancy allocation problems (RAPs) by considering discount policy. The proposed model attempts to maximize the reliability of a system by gathering various components where there are some limitations on budgeting. We present two models with different assumptions including all unit discount and incremental discount strategies. The resulted formulations are nonlinear integer models and categorized as NP-hard. Therefore, some heuristics and meta-heuristics are designed to solve the resulted models, efficiently.'

Title: 'Book reportRigid body dynamics of mechanisms 1. Theoretical basis: By Hubert Hahn. Springer, New York. (2002). 336 pages. $98'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122103900721
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Influence of Tolerancing Methods and Aspects of Perceived Quality on Side Closures of Luxury Cars\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Karthick'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116007435
Abstract: "AbstractFor a customer, one of the most appealing areas aesthetically in a passenger vehicle is the frontal and side closure of the vehicle. Especially the way the precision tolerances are achieved in cars. Hence the precision tolerance gives the aesthetic appeal for gap and flushness. It plays a vital role in the saleability of the vehicle. There are three priority areas of a passenger car which influences the prospective customer. The priority 1 includes the front-rear door and headlamp-hood interfaces. The priority 2 includes the A pillar to roof and front wind shield interfaces. The priority 3 includes door to rocker moulding and hood to grille interfaces. Here the importance is given to the customer's view perspective. For example, in a side closures (car door assembly), the front-rear door interfaces which lies between the B pillar and the rear door region is given importance since it has the high priority as seen by the customer (Priority1).Whereas the door to rocker moulding interfaces which lies on the bottom surface of the car is given low priority (Priority 3). Based on these priorities the gap and flushness effectively achieved through the tolerance management. This research paper aims to investigate the influences of tolerancing methods and aspects of perceived quality on the side closures with respect to computer aided tolerancing, hinge positioning, Striker and hinge adjustments and hemming. These influences in turn gives the side closures superior aesthetic appeal, loyal customers and winning edge in the saleability of luxury cars in the global market."

Title: 'ReviewDeployment schemes in wireless sensor network to achieve blanket coverage in large-scale open area: A review'
Author: 'Vikrant'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110866515000444
Abstract: 'AbstractWireless Sensor Network (WSN) has attracted researchers in recent years due to its wide scope of utility in a future era of automation and remote monitoring. Effective deployment of Sensor Nodes (SNs) is a major point of concern as performance and lifetime of any WSN primarily depends on it. Various models have been proposed by researchers to deploy SNs in large-scale open regions. This article aims at classification, working and comparative analysis of these models.'

Title: 'Simulation Approaches for System of Systems: Events-based versus Agent Based Modeling\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'W. Clifton'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915002689
Abstract: 'AbstractIn order to understand how we may engineer system of systems (SoS), we will have to rely significantly on our abilities in modeling and simulation. While there are some models of non-specific SoS, few attempts have been made to demonstrate these models with simulation. Simulations of SoS are usually specific cases. Likewise, in the description of a SoS, most of the approaches have focused on their characterization, yet this characterization has not been greatly utilized as an underlying feature in the modeling and simulation of SoS. We review different modeling techniques and use two converse techniques, i.e. agent-based and event-based modeling, to run a simulation of hypothetical systems collaborating into a SoS. The results of the empirical comparison indicate an agent-based modeling approach would achieve a characterization model better with validation achieved through an event-based approach.'

Title: 'Book reportArtificial life VIII: Edited by Russell K. Standish, Mark A. Bedau, and Hussein A. Abbass. The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. (2003). 434 pages. $75'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122103901805
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050913006042
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Research for the clamping force control of pneumatic manipulator based on the mixed sensitivity method'
Author: 'Peng'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812011927
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we analyzed uncertainty problems for the system of clamping force control on the condition that its model had been established. To oppose the uncertainty problems caused by many reasons, sensitivity method is mixed based on the control theory of H\xe2\x88\x9e and robust controller. Then, its control effects were studied by MATLAB. The simulation results showed the effectiveness of this method. They manifested that fault-tolerant, robustness and dynamic performance of the system are improved. It will be able to promote the application of pneumatic manipulator in the field of ultra-precision control.'

Title: 'Neural Network Structure Study In Child Mental Health Disorders Intelligent Diagnosis System*'
Author: 'Chen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1878029611007390
Abstract: 'AbstractIn our country there are about 60 millions mental health disorders children who need mental health care according large scope epidemiological investigation. But the child psychiatrists in China are not enough to serve so many kids. We hope that the abundant clinical experiences of senior child psychiatrists can help the younger doctors throughout the country by the advanced computer technology. It is a very interesting practice that uses the computer simulating the human being brain. In research selecting suitable neural network structure is very important too. Suitable neural network structures will bring less error to diagnosis system. The diagnosis system of child mental health disorders can diagnose 61 kinds child mental health disorders. It includes more than 95% child mental health disorders. After diagnosis, the computer will give a treatment method suggestion. Comparing the diagnosis by computer with the senior child psychiatrists the consistent rate is 99%.'

Title: 'International Conference on Computational Science, ICCS 2010 Workshop on Cognitive Agents: Theory and PracticeA unified framework for reinforcement learning, co-learning and meta-learning how to coordinate in collaborative multi-agent systems'
Author: 'Predrag T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050910002498
Abstract: 'AbstractCoordination among multiple autonomous, distributed cognitive agents is one of the most challenging and ubiquitous problems in Distributed AI and its applications in general, and in collaborative multi-agent systems in particular. A particularly prominent problem in multi-agent coordination is that of group, team or coalition formation. A considerable majority of the approaches to this problem found in the literature assume fixed interactions among autonomous agents involved in the coalition formation process. Moreover, most of the prior research where agents are actually able to learn and adapt based on their past interactions mainly focuses on reinforcement learning techniques at the individual agent level. We argue that, in many important applications and contexts, complex large-scale collaborative multi-agent systems need to be able to learn and adapt at multiple organization, hierarchical and logical levels. In particular, the agents need to be able to learn both at the level of individual agents and at the system or agent ensemble levels, and then to integrate these different sources of learned knowledge and behavior, in order to be effective at solving complex tasks in typical dynamic, partially observable and noisy multi-agent environments. In this paper, we describe a conceptual framework for addressing the problem of learning how to coordinate effectively at three qualitatively distinct levels \xe2\x80\x94 those of (i) individual agents, (ii) small groups of agents, and (iii) very large agent ensembles (or alternatively, depending on the nature of a multi-agent system, at the system or central control level). We briefly illustrate the applicability and usefulness of the proposed conceptual framework with an example of how it would apply to an important practical coordination problem, namely that of distributed coordination of a large ensemble of unmanned vehicles on a complex multi-task mission.'

Title: 'ArticleConstruction and Analysis of Two Genome-Scale Deletion Libraries for Bacillus subtilis'
Author: 'Byoung-Mo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2405471216304471
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Construction of two ordered gene deletion mutant libraries of B.\xc2\xa0subtilis\xe2\x80\xa2Defined essential and auxotrophic gene sets in B.\xc2\xa0subtilis\xe2\x80\xa2High-throughput methods for transformation and double-mutant analysis\xe2\x80\xa2Genome-wide screening of growth, competence, and sporulationSummaryA systems-level understanding of Gram-positive bacteria is important from both an environmental and health perspective and is most easily obtained when high-quality, validated genomic resources are\xc2\xa0available. To this end, we constructed two ordered, barcoded, erythromycin-resistance- and kanamycin-resistance-marked single-gene deletion libraries of the Gram-positive model organism, Bacillus subtilis. The libraries comprise 3,968 and 3,970 genes, respectively, and overlap in all but four genes. Using these libraries, we update the set of essential genes known for this organism, provide a comprehensive compendium of B.\xc2\xa0subtilis auxotrophic genes, and identify genes required for utilizing specific carbon and nitrogen sources, as well as\xc2\xa0those required for growth at low temperature. We report the identification of enzymes catalyzing several missing steps in amino acid biosynthesis. Finally, we describe a suite of high-throughput phenotyping methodologies and apply them to provide a genome-wide analysis of competence and sporulation. Altogether, we provide versatile resources for studying gene function and pathway and network architecture in Gram-positive bacteria.Graphical AbstractDownload high-res image (267KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Load Allocation and Equilibrium for Planetary Gear Reducers of Earth-Pressure-Balance Shield Machine'
Author: 'Zhang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212671612000236
Abstract: 'AbstractTo optimize the 3-stages planetary gear reducer (PGR) in the Earth-Pressure-Balance Shield Machine (EPBSM), it is necessary to firstly define the EPBSM environment. The needed torque of the cutter-head, therefore, is analyzed when the EPBSM cutting the earth body. The load of any PGR is allocated according to the equivalent principle in the size between the force and its response one and the distributing uniformity of the PGRs around the main axle gear. Because the structure of the main drive system is equal to a huge planet-gear reducer made of 8 planetary gears, for the main axle connected with it gear, one side is connected with a bidentate coupling, the other is connected with an elastic shaft to realize the dual connection floatability of the main axle gear and support the whole main axle gear so that the relative displacement can be compensated to high degree among the PGRs resulting from the uneven force when the cutter-head cuts earth body.'

Title: 'Shape Optimization of Dynamically Balanced Planar Four-bar Mechanism\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Kailash'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915019079
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents an optimization method to find link shapes for a dynamically balanced planar four-bar mechanism. The shaking force and shaking moment developed in the mechanism due to inertia are minimized by optimally distributing the link masses. The link shapes are then found using cubic B-spline curves and an optimization problem is formulated to minimize the percentage error in resulting links inertia values in which the control points of B-spline curve are taken as the design variables. The effectiveness of the proposed method is shown by applying it to a numerical problem available in the literature.'

Title: 'Book reportAn equation that changed the world: Newton, Einstein, and the theory of relativity: By Harald Fritzsch, translated by Karin Heusch. University of Chicago Press, Chicago. (1994). 279 pages. $29.95'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/089812219590073X
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Book reportArtificial life IV: Proceedings of the fourth international workshop on the synthesis and simulation of living systems: Edited by Rodney A. Brooks and Pattie Maes. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. (1994). 444 pages. $60.00'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0898122195900713
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'A Decision Making Methodology for the Selection of Reverse Logistics Operating Channels'
Author: 'S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812019650
Abstract: 'AbstractAn efficient management of product returns is a strategic issue. Nowadays, customer expect manufacturer to develop a reverse logistics system so that the returned products can be recovered. With the development and advancement of reverse logistics practice, the selection of reverse logistics operating channels becomes more important. There are three operating channels of reverse logistics; Manufacturer Operation, Third Party Operation, Joint Operation. In this paper a hybrid methodology based on Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) and Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) under fuzzy environment is proposed for the selection and evaluation of reverse logistics operating channels. An example is included to validate the proposed method. This method helps the decision maker to select the best technology that meets the requirement.'

Title: 'Improvement of Initial Cluster Center of C-means using Teaching Learning based Optimization\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Anima'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212017312005968
Abstract: 'AbstractWhile clustering the data using fuzzy c-means (FCM) and hard c-means (HCM), the sensitivity to tune the initial clusters centers have captured the attention of the clustering communities for quite a long time. In this study, we have taken help of new evolutionary algorithm, Teaching learning based Optimization (TLBO), is proposed as a method to address this problem. The proposed approach consists of two stages. In the first stage, the TLBO explores the search space of given dataset to find out near-optimal cluster centers. The cluster centers found by TLBO are then evaluated using reformulated c-mean objective function. In the second stage, the best cluster centers found are used as the initial cluster center for the c-mean algorithms. Our experiments show that TLBO can minimize the difficulty of choosing an initialization for the c-means clustering algorithms. For purposes of evaluation, standard benchmark data and artificial data are experimented.'

Title: 'Evolutionary optimization for disaster relief operations: A survey'
Author: 'Yu-Jun'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1568494614004943
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We provide an overview of evolutionary algorithms for disaster relief operations.\xe2\x80\xa2We show major strengths and shortcomings of the state-of-the-arts.\xe2\x80\xa2We discuss potential directions for future research.AbstractEffective planning and scheduling of relief operations play a key role in saving lives and reducing damage in disasters. These emergency operations involve a variety of challenging optimization problems, for which evolutionary computation methods are well suited. In this paper we survey the research advances in evolutionary algorithms (EAs) applied to disaster relief operations. The operational problems are classified into five typical categories, and representative works on EAs for solving the problems are summarized, in order to give readers a general overview of the state-of-the-arts and facilitate them to find suitable methods in practical applications. Several state-of-art methods are compared on a set of real-world emergency transportation problem instances, and some lessons are drawn from the experimental analysis. Finally, the strengths, limitations and future directions in the area are discussed.Graphical abstractDownload full-size image'

Title: 'Consideration of Fuzzy Components for Prediction of Machining Performance: A Review'
Author: 'M.R.H. Mohd'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811055834
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents the application of artificial intelligence techniques especially fuzzy logic (FL) in predicting machining performance. FL is chosen because it is widely used to predict the machining performances such as surface roughness, cutting force and material removal rate. Previous works on FL focusing on fuzzy components has been presented. The FL components are fuzzification, fuzzy rule, inference engine and defuzzification. The review shows that the FL components for fuzzification, which is logical operator, membership function (MF) and IF-THEN rule, is the necessary facts that must be considered before applying FL in prediction. Fuzzy rule that is derived from fuzzification process is important in the development of inference engine. Therefore, the defuzzification of the inference engine will give desired fuzzy system. The review also revealed that there are several types of defuzzification which include centroid, bisector, smallest of maximum, mean of maximum and largest of maximum. There are important facts that must be considered in FL development. To conclude, this paper revealed that MF and defuzzification is important in predicting machining performance. It shows that for MF and defuzzification, triangular and centroid are respectively mostly used in the prediction process.'

Title: 'Service matching and selection in cloud manufacturing: a state-of-the-art review'
Author: 'Hamed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978918308254
Abstract: 'AbstractCloud manufacturing (CMfg) is a new service-oriented networked manufacturing paradigm, in which sharing and collaborating among distributed manufacturing resources and capabilities has become possible through the centralized management and control of CMfg platform. In fact, the CMfg platform executes the requesters\xe2\x80\x99 tasks by intelligently decomposing the tasks, retrieving functionally similar resources and invoking and composing the services to achieve the optimal condition. The later step, i.e., service aggregation and optimal selection, has become one of the most challenging topics in the field. So, in this paper, after explaining the whole process of matching demands and resources in the context of CMfg, service aggregation and selection process is discussed in a detailed manner. Then, research work done to date regarding service aggregation and composition in CMfg has been investigated in detail from different viewpoints such as selection criteria, solving algorithms, correlation consideration, etc. The goal of this article is to provide a brief guideline for researchers who are aiming to do similar studies and assist them towards a better understanding of related research work done to date.'

Title: 'Analysis and Detection of Cholesterol by Wavelets based and ANN Classification\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Kumara'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2211812815003120
Abstract: "AbstractNow a day's according to the fact that excess Cholesterol is one of the most prevalent diseases of human body system. Further determination of the exact location of Cholesterol in the body is a big challenge. As of now, there seems to be no scientific tool which precisely determines the presence of cholesterol. However, Mammography has drawbacks which yields 34% false negative rate which is too high. This has been overcome by digital mammography but has limitations regarding the x-ray exposure. Moreover, Image cannot be altered and film processing is slow. CAD based techniques provides increase in Cholesterol detection rate by 7.62%. Nevertheless, image segmentation in CAD based technique has advantage over spatial intensity but estimating the proper prior distribution remains a challenge. There are many Methods of medical imaging viz., magnetic resonance imaging\xc2\xa0(MRI), x-ray computed tomography (CT), ultrasound\xc2\xa0imaging (US) etc that can examine different parameters of human body. The detection of cholesterol is crucial for the\xc2\xa0doctor to determine the status of the Cholesterols and also\xc2\xa0to visualize any abnormalities present in the Cholesterol.\xc2\xa0The detection of abnormalities of Cholesterol\xc2\xa0inside the body is a main field of study in\xc2\xa0medical research using bio-medical image processing. Due to some abnormalities (speckle noise)\xc2\xa0in ultrasound or MRI images or US or CT and artefacts, wrong diagnosis may happen by analysing the scanned image. Therefore in this proposed work the main focus is to design the algorithm based on level set segmentation, wavelets filters and artificial neural network (ANN) architecture for detection of Cholesterol in real time using biomedical images with the help of MATLAB with maximum accuracy of 98.8%."

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1878522015004221
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Solving bin Packing Problem with a Hybrid Genetic Algorithm for VM Placement in Cloud\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mohamed Amine'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915022784
Abstract: "AbstractThe Bin Packing Problem's purpose (BPP) is to find the minimum number of bins needed to pack a given set of objects of known sizes so that they do not exceed the capacity of each bin. This problem is known to be NP- Hard. In this paper, we propose an hybrid genetic algorithm using BFD (Best Fit Decreasing) to deal with infeasible solution due to the bin-used representation. Experimental results showed the effectiveness of our approach for infeasible chromosomes thereby improving the quality of the obtained solution. This will give a good result for the virtual machine placement in Cloud to minimize energy since it looks like a BPP."

Title: 'Monitoring and Control of Manufacturing Processes: A Review\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'P.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827113004046
Abstract: 'AbstractOnline processing optimization through adaptive control can provide significant advances in process efficiency, tooling life and product quality. This paper describes conventional and enhanced methods for the monitoring and control of manufacturing processes. The differences between the available methods, architectures and the corresponding equipment are identified and evaluated. A systematic analysis of current and future systems and their components is made focusing on adaptive control systems implementation into manufacturing processes.'

Title: 'Review ArticleACP-based social computing and parallel intelligence: Societies 5.0 and beyond'
Author: 'Xiao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S246823221630083X
Abstract: 'AbstractSocial computing, as the technical foundation of future computational smart societies, has the potential to improve the effectiveness of open-source big data usage, systematically integrate a variety of elements including time, human, resources, scenarios, and organizations in the current cyber-physical-social world, and establish a novel social structure with fair information, equal rights, and a flat configuration. Meanwhile, considering the big modeling gap between the model world and the physical world, the concept of parallel intelligence is introduced. With the help of software-defined everything, parallel intelligence bridges the big modeling gap by means of constructing artificial systems where computational experiments can be implemented to verify social policies, economic strategies, and even military operations. Artificial systems play the role of \xe2\x80\x9csocial laboratories\xe2\x80\x9d in which decisions are computed before they are executed in our physical society. Afterwards, decisions with the expected outputs are executed in parallel in both the artificial and physical systems to interactively sense, compute, evaluate and adjust system behaviors in real-time, leading system behaviors in the physical system converging to those proven to be optimal in the artificial ones. Thus, the smart guidance and management for our society can be achieved.'

Title: 'Improved system identification using artificial neural networks and analysis of individual differences in responses of an identified neuron'
Author: 'Alicia'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893608015002609
Abstract: 'AbstractMathematical modelling is used routinely to understand the coding properties and dynamics of responses of neurons and neural networks. Here we analyse the effectiveness of Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) as a modelling tool for motor neuron responses. We used ANNs to model the synaptic responses of an identified motor neuron, the fast extensor motor neuron, of the desert locust in response to displacement of a sensory organ, the femoral chordotonal organ, which monitors movements of the tibia relative to the femur of the leg. The aim of the study was threefold: first to determine the potential value of ANNs as tools to model and investigate neural networks, second to understand the generalisation properties of ANNs across individuals and to different input signals and third, to understand individual differences in responses of an identified neuron. A metaheuristic algorithm was developed to design the ANN architectures. The performance of the models generated by the ANNs was compared with those generated through previous mathematical models of the same neuron. The results suggest that ANNs are significantly better than LNL and Wiener models in predicting specific neural responses to Gaussian White Noise, but not significantly different when tested with sinusoidal inputs. They are also able to predict responses of the same neuron in different individuals irrespective of which animal was used to develop the model, although notable differences between some individuals were evident.'

Title: 'Disassembly Line Balancing and Sequencing under Uncertainty\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mohand Lounes'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827114004399
Abstract: 'AbstractThe present work deals with the problem of stochastic disassembly line balancing and sequencing in the presence of hazardous parts of the End of Life (EOL) product. The case of partial disassembly process is considered. The objective is to design a production line with a maximum profit under uncertainty of task times which are assumed to be random variables with known probability distributions. Tasks of the best selected disassembly alternative are to be assigned to a sequence of workstations while satisfying precedence and cycle time constraints. To cope with uncertainties, an exact solution method based on integer programming and Monte Carlo sampling is developed. Results of experiments on problem instances are presented.'

Title: 'Book reportNeural engineering: Computation, representation, and dynamics in neurobiological systems: By Chris Eliasmith and Charles H. Anderson. The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. (2003). 356 pages. $49.95, \xc2\xa335.50'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122103901817
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Recipe-based Integrated Semantic Product, Process, Resource (PPR) Digital Modelling Methodology\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827114003540
Abstract: 'AbstractVirtual engineering methods based on digital modelling and simulations have potential to improve analysis and performance of manufacturing systems. Current generation digital modelling techniques in view of systems design and life cycle modelling attempts to integrate aspects of product, process and resource requirements. Despite these advances, to facilitate rapid design and provide support for the selection of processes and resources, there is the need to semantically model and integrate product-process requirements with resource capabilities. This paper therefore presents a \xe2\x80\x98recipe-based\xe2\x80\x99 approach to modelling based on ontologies with capability to rapidly define and select resource systems meeting product and process requirements.'

Title: 'Three-dimensional path planning for unmanned aerial vehicle based on interfered fluid dynamical system'
Author: 'Honglun'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936114002301
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper proposes a method for planning the three-dimensional path for low-flying unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in complex terrain based on interfered fluid dynamical system (IFDS) and the theory of obstacle avoidance by the flowing stream. With no requirement of solutions to fluid equations under complex boundary conditions, the proposed method is suitable for situations with complex terrain and different shapes of obstacles. Firstly, by transforming the mountains, radar and anti-aircraft fire in complex terrain into cylindrical, conical, spherical, parallelepiped obstacles and their combinations, the 3D low-flying path planning problem is turned into solving streamlines for obstacle avoidance by fluid flow. Secondly, on the basis of a unified mathematical expression of typical obstacle shapes including sphere, cylinder, cone and parallelepiped, the modulation matrix for interfered fluid dynamical system is constructed and 3D streamlines around a single obstacle are obtained. Solutions to streamlines with multiple obstacles are then derived using weighted average of the velocity field. Thirdly, extra control force method and virtual obstacle method are proposed to deal with the stagnation point and the case of obstacles\xe2\x80\x99 overlapping respectively. Finally, taking path length and flight height as sub-goals, genetic algorithm (GA) is used to obtain optimal 3D path under the maneuverability constraints of the UAV. Simulation results show that the environmental modeling is simple and the path is smooth and suitable for UAV. Theoretical proof is also presented to show that the proposed method has no effect on the characteristics of fluid avoiding obstacles.'

Title: 'Discovery of medical Big Data analytics: Improving the prediction of traumatic brain injury survival rates by data mining Patient Informatics Processing Software Hybrid Hadoop Hive'
Author: 'James A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352914816000046
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2PIPSH3 used to orchestrate the various ship medical database processing tasks.\xe2\x80\xa2Employed Apache Hive Hadoop as a data warehouse infrastructure.\xe2\x80\xa2Identified traumatic brain injury (TBI) as well as other head injury cases.\xe2\x80\xa2Proposed MMA method to analyze the data collected on three ships.\xe2\x80\xa2Improved classification and demonstrated that data can be used for planning.AbstractEntering medical encounter data by hand is time-consuming. In addition, data are often not entered into the database in a timely enough fashion to enable their use for subsequent mission planning. The Patient Informatics Processing Software semi-automates the data collection process onboard ships. Then data within these images are captured and used to populate a database, after which multiple ship databases are used for reporting and analysis. In this paper, we used the Patient Informatics Processing Software Hybrid Hadoop Hive to orchestrate database processing via various ships, by marshaling the distributed servers, running the various tasks in parallel, managing all of the communications and data transfers between the various parts of the system, and providing for redundancy and fault tolerance. Then we employed the Apache Hive as a data warehouse infrastructure built on top of Hadoop for data summarization, query, and analysis to identify traumatic brain injury (TBI) as well as other injury cases. Finally, a proposed Misdiagnosis Minimization Approach method was used for data analysis. We collected data on three ship variables (Byrd, Boxer, Kearsage) and injuries to four body regions (head, torso, extremities, and abrasions) to determine how the set of collected variables relates to the body injuries. Two dimensions or canonical variables (survival vs. mortality) were necessary to understand the association between the two sets of variables. Our method improved data classification and showed that survival, mortality, and morbidity rates can be derived from the superset of Medical Operations data and used for future decision-making and planning. We suggest that an awareness of procedural errors as well as methods to reduce misclassification should be incorporated into all TBI clinical trials.'

Title: 'Operational semantics of proto\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mirko'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167642312002146
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Proto spatial computing language in Beal and Bachrach (2006) [1] simplifies the creation of scalable, robust, distributed programs by abstracting a network of locally communicating devices as a continuous geometric manifold. However, Proto\xe2\x80\x99s successful application in a number of domains is challenging its coherence across different platforms and distributions. We thus present a complete operational semantics for the Proto language, as executed asynchronously on a network of fast message-passing devices. This semantics covers all of the operations of the three space\xe2\x80\x93time operator families unique to Proto\xe2\x80\x94restriction, feedback, and neighborhood\xe2\x80\x94as well as the current pointwise operations that it shares with most other languages. This formalization will provide a reference to aid implementers in preserving language coherence across platforms, domains, and distributions. The formalization process has also advanced the Proto language in several ways, which we explain in detail.'

Title: 'Algoritmos Evolutivos y su empleo en el ajuste de controladores del tipo PID: Estado Actual y PerspectivasEvolutionary Algorithms for PID controller tuning: Current Trends and Perspectives'
Author: 'Gilberto'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1697791213000344
Abstract: 'ResumenLos controladores PID contin\xc3\xbaan siendo una soluci\xc3\xb3n fiable, robusta, pr\xc3\xa1ctica y sencilla para el control de procesos. Actualmente constituyen la primera capa de control de la gran mayor\xc3\xada de las aplicaciones industriales. De ah\xc3\xad que un n\xc3\xbamero importante de trabajos de investigaci\xc3\xb3n se han orientado a mejorar su rendimiento y prestaciones. Las l\xc3\xadneas de investigaci\xc3\xb3n en este campo van desde nuevos m\xc3\xa9todos de ajuste, pasando por nuevos tipos de estructura hasta metodolog\xc3\xadas de dise\xc3\xb1o integrales. Particularizando en el ajuste de par\xc3\xa1metros, una de las formas de obtener una soluci\xc3\xb3n novedosa consiste en plantear un problema de optimizaci\xc3\xb3n, el cual puede llegar a ser no-lineal, no-convexo y con restricciones. Dado que los algoritmos evolutivos han mostrado un buen desempe\xc3\xb1o para solucionar problemas complejos de optimizaci\xc3\xb3n, han sido utilizados en diversas propuestas relacionadas con el ajuste de controladores PID. Este trabajo muestra un revisi\xc3\xb3n de estas propuestas y las prestaciones obtenidas en cada caso. As\xc3\xad mismo, se identifican algunas tendencias y posibles l\xc3\xadneas de trabajo futuras.AbstractPID controllers are a reliable, robust, practical and easy to implement control solution for industrial processes. They provide the first control layer for a vast majority of industrial applications. Owing to this, several researches invest time and resources to improve their performance. The research lines in this field scope with new tuning methods, new types of structures and integral design methods. For tuning methods, improvements could be fulfilled stating an optimization problem, which could be non-linear, non-convex and highly constrained. In such instances, evolutionary algorithms have shown a good performance and have been used in various proposals related with PID controllers tuning. This work shows a review of these proposals and the benefits obtained in each case. Some trends and possible future research lines are also identified.'

Title: 'An improved genetic algorithm for searching for pollution sources'
Author: 'Quan-min'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1674237015302532
Abstract: 'AbstractAs an optimization method that has experienced rapid development over the past 20 years, the genetic algorithm has been successfully applied in many fields, but it requires repeated searches based on the characteristics of high-speed computer calculation and conditions of the known relationship between the objective function and independent variables. There are several hundred generations of evolvement, but the functional relationship is unknown in pollution source searches. Therefore, the genetic algorithm cannot be used directly. Certain improvements need to be made based on the actual situation, so that the genetic algorithm can adapt to the actual conditions of environmental problems, and can be used in environmental monitoring and environmental quality assessment. Therefore, a series of methods are proposed for the improvement of the genetic algorithm: (1) the initial generation of individual groups should be artificially set and move from lightly polluted areas to heavily polluted areas; (2) intervention measures should be introduced in the competition between individuals; (3) guide individuals should be added; and (4) specific improvement programs should be put forward. Finally, the scientific rigor and rationality of the improved genetic algorithm are proven through an example.'

Title: 'Artificial chemical reaction optimization based neural net for virtual data position exploration for efficient financial time series forecasting'
Author: 'S.C.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090447916301824
Abstract: 'AbstractPrediction of stock index remains a challenging task of the financial time series prediction process. Though different non-linear prediction models are in use, their prediction accuracy does not improve beyond certain level. In order to improve the forecasting accuracy, this paper proposes a chemical reaction optimization based virtual data position (CROVDP) exploration method for financial time series prediction. From the given data points in the training set, CROVDPs are explored by the proposed method and incorporated to the original financial time series to enhance the prediction accuracy of a multilayer perceptron (MLP) based forecasting model. The effectiveness of the proposed method is compared with three deterministic methods such as linear, Lagrange and Taylor interpolation as well as two stochastic methods such as uniform and Gaussian method. To train and validate the models in presence of virtual data positions (VDP), ten real stock indices are used. Simulation results show that the models developed with the proposed CROVDP exploration method yields much better prediction accuracy than others.'

Title: 'Balanced Adaptive Tabu Search Algorithm to Optimize Dual-gantry Pick-and-place Assembly\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Debiao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978917305395
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper presents an optimization study of dual-gantry high-speed rotary-type pick-and-place surface mount device (SMD) machine. In the dual-gantry SMD machine, there are two feeder bases and gantry heads, such that two placement heads can pick-and-place synchronously in one PCB, which has an advantage in assembly PCB with more component types. The dual-gantry optimization problem is decomposed into nozzle arrangement, feeder assignment, pick-and-place sequence, component allocation, and gantry schedule problems. To balance the workload between gantries and reduce the wait time in the gantry's synchronous movement, a balanced adaptive tabu search (BATS) algorithm is proposed. Based on the 16 industrial data tests, the proposed algorithm yields a 7.04% improvement on average compared to the industrial package."

Title: 'Cluster Head Selection based on Minimum Connected Dominating Set and Bi-Partite Inspired Methodology for Energy Conservation in WSNs'
Author: 'R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319157818303343
Abstract: 'AbstractIn a Wireless Sensor Network (WSN), one of the most important issue is to minimize the energy consumption without losing accuracy during faster data transmission. During information broadcast, message communication is to be sent in an optimized way to increase energy efficiency in the networks. By applying various techniques and methodology in cluster WSN the network lifetime is increased and delay is minimized with the load balanced network. To accomplish load balance, Adelson-Velskii and Landis (AVL) tree rotation clustering algorithm is simulated considering the cluster sensor node. A single large area network is divided into multiple clusters using modified K-means clustering algorithm. Computational complexity is reduced through the construction of Minimum Connected Dominating Set with Multi-hop Information (MCDS-MI) and Bi-Partite Graph (BG) technique. Cluster Head (CH) assortment mechanism is implemented to find maximum cover set count of the sensor nodes. In addition, the enactment of the anticipated design is established through simulations during scalable data transmission in a WSN. Hypothetical investigation and experimental simulations are studied by measuring various performance evaluation metrics namely Virtual Dominators, Size Reduction, Network Lifetime and Residual Energy. The results shows that the proposed MSDS-MI system has maximum reduction in network size of 50%, maximum increase in network lifetime of 60% and saved maximum residual energy consumption of 47.76%. The results are encouraging and our proposed method is found to be more efficient than Connected Dominating Sets (CDS), Pseudo Dominating Sets (PDS), Dynamic Cluster Head Genetic Algorithm (DCH-GA) and Distributed Self-Healing Approach (DSHA).'

Title: 'A New Data-Driven Deep Learning Model for Pattern Categorization using Fast Independent Component Analysis and Radial Basis Function Network. Taking Social Networks resources as a case'
Author: 'Choukri'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917317301
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper investigates the categorization problem using Data Mining techniques. We present a new conceptual model, which is named FICARBFN, for classifying patterns by using Fast Fixed-Point Algorithm for Independent Component Analysis and Radial Basis Function Network. It uses an artificial neural network model to find a single consolidated categorization, which is composed of tree process, variables selection, categorization, and finally models selection. Our categorization model used a hybrid technique that combines the advantages of factorial analysis and Neural Network approaches. Comparative study and experimental results showed that our scheme optimized the bias-variance on the selected model and achieved an enhanced generalization for Social Networks patterns recognition.'

Title: 'Pedestrian Flows: From Individuals to Crowds\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'C.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352146514000982
Abstract: 'AbstractInteractions between pedestrians give rise to various dynamical structures such as stop-and-go waves in one-dimensional flows, lane formation in bidirectional flows in corridors, and diagonal patterns at crossings of perpendicular flows. How does the macroscopic behavior emerge from the microscopic interactions? Here we explain the diagonal pattern emerging at the crossing of perpendicular flows in terms of an effective interaction between pedestrians, and show that the pattern actually has the form of chevrons rather than diagonals. Secondly, we outline the derivation from a microscopic vision-based model of a two-dimensional macroscopic model, which can handle pedestrians having different targets.'

Title: 'A DDDAS Framework for Volcanic Ash Propagation and Hazard Analysis'
Author: 'A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912002396
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper we will present early work on using a DDDAS based approach to the construction of probabilistic estimates of volcanic ash transport and dispersal. Our primary modeling tools will be a combination of a plume eruption model BENT and the ash transport model PUFF. Data from satellite imagery, observation of vent parameters and windfields will drive our simulations. We will use uncertainty quantification methodology \xe2\x80\x93 polynomial chaos quadrature in combination with data integration to complete the DDDAS loop.'

Title: 'Quality system and software architectures'
Author: 'Lawrence'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167642306000104
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Investigation and Analysis on Evacuation Behavior of Large Scale Population in Campus\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Rong-xue'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705813002634
Abstract: 'AbstractThe field investigation on the crowd evacuation behavior of young people is carried out in Northeastern University of Shenyang under time pressure, such as the class break at 9:55-10:05am and the lunchtime at 11:55-12:15am.The database of pedestrian walking velocity of different behavior characteristics is established and the large scale crowd evacuation behavior characteristics are analyzed. Based on the application of the Self-adaptive Ant Colony Optimization Algorithm, the large scale evacuation path is optimized to the whole scale. Based on the academic pedestrian flow investigation and the route optimization analysis, the large scale evacuation behavior in campus is simulated and compared by FDS+Evac. The analysis results show that the personnel flow coefficient will be increasing under time pressure, and the crowding will be produced easier as the same reason. Large scale evacuation plan can be optimized based on the Self- adaptive Ant Colony Optimization Algorithm, which can not only reduce the Real Safety Evacuation Time (RSET) on the whole scale, it can also effectively alleviate the congestion of the crowd in the main exit of evacuation route.'

Title: 'Sequencing of Setups in Automated Setup and Fixture Planning\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mayur'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351978916300075
Abstract: 'AbstractThe computer aided process planning (CAPP) is bridge between computer aided design (CAD) and computer aided manufacturing (CAM). Setup planning is one of the important tasks in the computer aided process planning. Setup planning consists of identification of tool approach direction (TAD), clustering the manufacturing features based on shared TAD and tolerance relations among the features, setup sequencing between the setups and operation sequencing within the setups. This paper mainly focuses on setup sequencing such that cycle precedence (conflicts between the setups) is resolved. There are most likely chances to occur cycle precedence between the setups at time of setup formation. We use an expert system (knowledge based approach) to avoid such conflicts by break down the setups into smaller setups with the minimum violation of tolerance relations. This approach gives optimal setup plan that is minimum number of setups without any cycle conflicts followed by fixture planning.'

Title: 'On the collective sort problem for distributed tuple spaces'
Author: 'Matteo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167642309000318
Abstract: 'AbstractIn systems coordinated with a distributed set of tuple spaces, it is crucial to assist agents in retrieving the tuples they are interested in. This can be achieved by sorting techniques that group similar tuples together in the same tuple space, so that the position of a tuple can be inferred by similarity. Accordingly, we formulate the collective sort problem for distributed tuple spaces, where a set of agents is in charge of moving tuples up to a complete sort has been reached, namely, each of the N tuple spaces aggregate tuples belonging to one of the N kinds available. After pointing out the requirements for effectively tackling this problem, we propose a self-organizing solution resembling brood sorting performed by ants. This is based on simple agents that perform partial observations and accordingly take decisions on tuple movement. Convergence is addressed by a fully adaptive method for simulated annealing, based on noise tuples inserted and removed by agents on a need basis so as to avoid sub-optimal sorting. Emergence of sorting properties and scalability are evaluated through stochastic simulations.'

Title: 'Reducing risk in long deep tunnels by using TBM and drill-and-blast methods in the same project\xe2\x80\x93the hybrid solution'
Author: 'Nick'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1674775515301700
Abstract: 'AbstractThere are many examples of TBM tunnels through mountains, or in mountainous terrain, which have suffered the ultimate fate of abandonment, due to insufficient pre-investigation. Depth-of-drilling limitations are inevitable when depths approach or even exceed 1 or 2\xc2\xa0km. Uncertainties about the geology, hydro-geology, rock stresses and rock strengths go hand-in-hand with deep or ultra-deep tunnels. Unfortunately, unexpected conditions tend to have a much bigger impact on TBM projects than on drill-and-blast projects. There are two obvious reasons. Firstly the circular excavation maximizes the tangential stress, making the relation to rock strength a higher source of potential risk. Secondly, the TBM may have been progressing fast enough to make probe-drilling seem to be unnecessary. If the stress-to-strength ratio becomes too high, or if faulted rock with high water pressure is unexpectedly encountered, the \xe2\x80\x9cunexpected events\xe2\x80\x9d may have a remarkable delaying effect on TBM. A simple equation explains this phenomenon, via the adverse local Q-value that links directly to utilization. One may witness dramatic reductions in utilization, meaning ultra-steep deceleration-of-the-TBM gradients in a log-log plot of advance rate versus time. Some delays can be avoided or reduced with new TBM designs, where belief in the need for probe-drilling and sometimes also pre-injection, have been fully appreciated. Drill-and-blast tunneling, inevitably involving numerous \xe2\x80\x9cprobe-holes\xe2\x80\x9d prior to each advance, should be used instead, if investigations have been too limited. TBM should be used where there is lower cover and where more is known about the rock and structural conditions. The advantages of the superior speed of TBM may then be fully realized. Choosing TBM because a tunnel is very long increases risk due to the law of deceleration with increased length, especially if there is limited pre-investigation because of tunnel depth.'

Title: 'Original ArticleImplementation of fractional order integrator/differentiator on field programmable gate array'
Author: 'K.P.S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110016816300448
Abstract: 'AbstractConcept of fractional order calculus is as old as the regular calculus. With the advent of high speed and cost effective computing power, now it is possible to model the real world control and signal processing problems using fractional order calculus. For the past two decades, applications of fractional order calculus, in system modeling, control and signal processing, have grown rapidly. This paper presents a systematic procedure for hardware implementation of the basic operators of fractional calculus i.e. fractional integrator and derivative, using Gr\xc3\xbcnwald\xe2\x80\x93Letnikov definition, on field programmable gate array (FPGA) in LabVIEW environment. The simulation and hardware implementation results for fractional order integrator and derivative of sinusoid and square waveform signals for some selected fractional orders have been presented. A close agreement between the simulated and the experimental results demonstrated the suitability of FPGA device in fractional order control and signal processing applications. LabVIEW being one of the finest tools for measurement and control, and signal processing applications the fractional order operator implementation is expected to further enhance the capability of the tool to cater to the needs of advanced experimental research employing fractional order operators.'

Title: 'Route Planning for Light-sport Aircraft in Constrained Airspace\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'W.C.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705813018468
Abstract: 'AbstractThe airspace for the activities of light-sport aircraft in Taiwan is strongly restricted due to mountainous terrains and populated areas. This study intends to investigate the feasible sky-lanes for light-sport aircraft by minimize the impact to populated area and the threats from terrain obstacles to the aircraft. The terrain obstacles and populated area is considered and segmented in the two-dimensional structure through the graph theory. The shortest path problem between the aerodrome and the training area is established to minimize the impact to population and threats to the aircraft. The Dijkstra algorithm is adopted to resolve the planning of feasible sky lanes and gives the possibility of the augmentation of airspace for the activities of light-sport aircraft.'

Title: 'Mechanical EngineeringDesign and economic investigation of shell and tube heat exchangers using Improved Intelligent Tuned Harmony Search algorithm'
Author: 'Oguz Emrah'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090447914000756
Abstract: 'AbstractThis study explores the thermal design of shell and tube heat exchangers by using Improved Intelligent Tuned Harmony Search (I-ITHS) algorithm. Intelligent Tuned Harmony Search (ITHS) is an upgraded version of harmony search algorithm which has an advantage of deciding intensification and diversification processes by applying proper pitch adjusting strategy. In this study, we aim to improve the search capacity of ITHS algorithm by utilizing chaotic sequences instead of uniformly distributed random numbers and applying alternative search strategies inspired by Artificial Bee Colony algorithm and Opposition Based Learning on promising areas (best solutions). Design variables including baffle spacing, shell diameter, tube outer diameter and number of tube passes are used to minimize total cost of heat exchanger that incorporates capital investment and the sum of discounted annual energy expenditures related to pumping and heat exchanger area. Results show that I-ITHS can be utilized in optimizing shell and tube heat exchangers.'

Title: 'Optimal design of RTCs in digital circuit fault self-repair based on global signal optimization'
Author: 'Junbin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S100093611630190X
Abstract: 'AbstractSince digital circuits have been widely and thoroughly applied in various fields, electronic systems are increasingly more complicated and require greater reliability. Faults may occur in electronic systems in complicated environments. If immediate field repairs are not made on the faults, electronic systems will not run normally, and this will lead to serious losses. The traditional method for improving system reliability based on redundant fault-tolerant technique has been unable to meet the requirements. Therefore, on the basis of (evolvable hardware)-based and (reparation balance technology)-based electronic circuit fault self-repair strategy proposed in our preliminary work, the optimal design of rectification circuits (RTCs) in electronic circuit fault self-repair based on global signal optimization is deeply researched in this paper. First of all, the basic theory of RTC optimal design based on global signal optimization is proposed. Secondly, relevant considerations and suitable ranges are analyzed. Then, the basic flow of RTC optimal design is researched. Eventually, a typical circuit is selected for simulation verification, and detailed simulated analysis is made on five circumstances that occur during RTC evolution. The simulation results prove that compared with the conventional design method based RTC, the global signal optimization design method based RTC is lower in hardware cost, faster in circuit evolution, higher in convergent precision, and higher in circuit evolution success rate. Therefore, the global signal optimization based RTC optimal design method applied in the electronic circuit fault self-repair technology is proven to be feasible, effective, and advantageous.'

Title: 'Simulating Emergent Properties of Coordination in Maude: the Collective Sort Case'
Author: 'Matteo'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1571066107003490
Abstract: "AbstractRecent coordination languages and models are moving towards the application of techniques coming from the research context of complex systems: adaptivity and self-organization are exploited in order to tackle the openness, dynamism and unpredictability of today's distributed systems. In this area, systems are to be described using stochastic models, and simulation is a valuable tool both for analysis and design. Accordingly, in this work we focused on modelling and simulating emergent properties of coordination techniques.We first develop a framework acting as a general-purpose engine for simulating stochastic transition systems, built as a library for the Maude term rewriting system. We then evaluate this tool to a coordination problem called collective sort, where autonomous agents move tuples across different tuple spaces according to local criteria, and resulting in the emergence of the complete clustering property."

Title: 'Fuzzy adaptive search method for parallel genetic algorithm with island combination process'
Author: 'Yoichiro'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0888613X05000459
Abstract: 'AbstractGenetic algorithms (GAs) pose several problems. Probably, the most important one is that the search ability of ordinary GAs is not always optimal in the early and final stages of the search because of fixed GA parameters. To solve this problem, we proposed the fuzzy adaptive search method for genetic algorithms (FASGA) that is able to tune the genetic parameters according to the search stage by the fuzzy reasoning. In this paper, a fuzzy adaptive search method for parallel genetic algorithms (FASPGA) is proposed, in which the high-speed search ability of fuzzy adaptive tuning by FASGA is combined with the high-quality solution finding capacity of parallel genetic algorithms. The proposed method offers improved search performance, and produces high-quality solutions. Moreover, we also propose FASPGA with an operation of combining dynamically sub-populations (C-FASPGA) which combines two elite islands in the final stage of the evolution to find a better solution as early as possible. Simulations are performed to confirm the efficiency of the proposed method, which is shown to be superior to both ordinary and parallel genetic algorithms.'

Title: 'On the modeling of collective learning dynamics\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893965911002333
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper deals with the modeling of the collective learning dynamics of two systems of a heterogeneously distributed population. The first one evolves autonomously towards higher levels of knowledge, while the second system learns from the first one. The approach is based on the mathematical kinetic theory for active particles. The modeling focuses on applications to life sciences.Highlights\xe2\x96\xba Nonlinear interactions. \xe2\x96\xba Stochastic games theory. \xe2\x96\xba Collective learning phenomena.'

Title: 'Intelligent Control System Integration and Optimization for Zero Energy Buildings to Mitigate Urban Heat Island\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Zheng'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705816332143
Abstract: 'AbstractThe increased use of renewable energy sources in buildings has resulted in the development of Zero Energy Buildings(ZEB). To assess the gaps for ZEB system integration and performance optimization,this paper summarizes a study undertaken to reveal potential challenges and opportunities for intelligent control system of ZEB, and comprehensively reviews current trends in building system performance optimization. The findings indicate a breakthrough of 3M (Micro-grid, Multi-agent, Multi-objective)system of ZEB for system integration and performance optimization and a concept of ZEB to Urban Heat Island(UHI) mitigation based on Smart Grid.'

Title: 'Reinforcement Learning with Multiple Shared Rewards\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Douglas M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916308511
Abstract: 'AbstractA major concern in multi-agent coordination is how to select algorithms that can lead agents to learn together to achieve certain goals. Much of the research on multi-agent learning relates to reinforcement learning (RL) techniques. One element of RL is the interaction model, which describes how agents should interact with each other and with the environment. Discrete, continuous and objective-oriented interaction models can improve convergence among agents. This paper proposes an approach based on the integration of multi-agent coordination models designed for reward-sharing policies. By taking the best features from each model, better agent coordination is achieved. Our experimental results show that this approach improves convergence among agents even in large state-spaces and yields better results than classical RL approaches.'

Title: 'A multi-aircraft conflict detection and resolution method for 4-dimensional trajectory-based operation'
Author: 'Siqi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936118301705
Abstract: 'AbstractConflict Detection and Resolution (CD&R) is the key to ensure aviation safety based on Trajectory Prediction (TP). Uncertainties that affect aircraft motions cause difficulty in an accurate prediction of the trajectory, especially in the context of four-dimensional (4D) Trajectory-Based Operation (4DTBO), which brings the uncertainty of pilot intent. This study draws on the idea of time geography, and turns the research focus of CD&R from TP to an analysis of the aircraft reachable space constrained by 4D waypoint constraints. The concepts of space\xe2\x80\x93time reachability of aircraft and space\xe2\x80\x93time potential conflict space are proposed. A novel pre-CD&R scheme for multiple aircraft is established. A key advantage of the scheme is that the uncertainty of pilot intent is accounted for via a Space-Time Prism (STP) for aircraft. Conflict detection is performed by verifying whether the STPs of aircraft intersect or not, and conflict resolution is performed by planning a conflict-free space\xe2\x80\x93time trajectory avoiding intersection. Numerical examples are presented to validate the efficiency of the proposed scheme.'

Title: 'On isoperimetrically optimal polyforms'
Author: 'Daniel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508004374
Abstract: 'AbstractIn the plane, the way to enclose the most area with a given perimeter and to use the shortest perimeter to enclose a given area, is always to use a circle. If we replace the plane by a regular tiling of it, and construct polyforms i.e. shapes as sets of tiles, things become more complicated. We need to redefine the area and perimeter measures, and study the consequences carefully. A spiral construction often provides, for every integer number of tiles (area), a shape that is most compact in terms of the perimeter or boundary measure; however it may not exhibit all optimal shapes. We characterize in this paper all shapes that have both shortest boundaries and maximal areas for three common planar discrete spaces.'

Title: 'Segmentation of Natural Images Using an Improved Thresholding-Based Technique'
Author: 'Sharifah Lailee Syed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705812026665
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper investigates fundamental problems in image segmentation using traditional segmentation techniques and proposed an improved technique for segmenting images captured under natural environment. Image segmentation refers to a process of partitioning a digital image into multiple regions with the aim to extracts object of interest from the background. However, the segmentation process is very challenging especially for experiment which conducted in outdoor environment. It is difficult to produce a significant threshold value which required for segmenting images due to non uniform illumination and difference of reflection. Different illuminations may produce different colour intensity of the object surface and thus lead to inaccurate segmented images. The widely used traditional thresholding and clustering segmentation techniques are Otsu and Fuzzy c-means (FCM), respectively. Both traditional methods were unable to produce good quality segmented areas due to the complex background and non-uniform illumination of images captured under natural environment. Therefore, this paper proposed an improved thresholding-based segmentation integrated with an inverse technique (TsTN) that was able to partition natural images correctly. The three segmentation techniques were implemented on fruit images and their performance was evaluated based on the ground truth. The segmentation techniques performance was compared quantitatively using evaluation method, Rand Index (RI). The analysis results showed that TsTN has the ability to produce good quality segmented images. Furthermore, this segmentation technique was proven to be more accurate than the traditional thresholding and clustering techniques.'

Title: 'The CloudSME simulation platform and its applications: A generic multi-cloud platform for developing and executing commercial cloud-based simulations'
Author: 'Simon J.E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167739X17329102
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The CloudSME Simulation Platform that combines an AppCenter with the workflow of the WS-PGRADE/gUSE science gateway framework and the multi-cloud-based capabilities of the CloudBroker Platform.\xe2\x80\xa2How the CloudSME Simulation Platform is used to develop and execute commercial cloud-based simulations on multiple clouds.\xe2\x80\xa2A case study that shows how the CloudSME Simulation Platform is used to create a multiprocessor cloud-based simulation application in Computational Fluid Dynamics on multiple clouds.\xe2\x80\xa2A case study that shows how cloud-based applications that have experiments with multiple runs (parameter sweep) can be implemented on multiple clouds using the Platform.AbstractSimulation is used in industry to study a large variety of problems ranging from increasing the productivity of a manufacturing system to optimising the design of a wind turbine. However, some simulation models can be computationally demanding and some simulation projects require time consuming experimentation. High performance computing infrastructures such as clusters can be used to speed up the execution of large models or multiple experiments but at a cost that is often too much for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs). Cloud computing presents an attractive, lower cost alternative. However, developing a cloud-based simulation application can again be costly for an SME due to training and development needs, especially if software vendors need to use resources of different heterogeneous clouds to avoid being locked-in to one particular cloud provider. In an attempt to reduce the cost of development of commercial cloud-based simulations, the CloudSME Simulation Platform (CSSP) has been developed as a generic approach that combines an AppCenter with the workflow of the WS-PGRADE/gUSE science gateway framework and the multi-cloud-based capabilities of the CloudBroker Platform. The paper presents the CSSP and two representative case studies from distinctly different areas that illustrate how commercial multi-cloud-based simulations can be created.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811054385
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'OpinionIndividual Confidence-Weighting and Group Decision-Making'
Author: 'James A.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0169534717301520
Abstract: 'TrendsTheory as applied to collective decision-making by non-human animals frequently assumes that all animals have equal decision-making abilities and access to equal-quality information.Decision theory shows that the optimal group decision-making strategy is to weight contributions to group decisions according to the decision accuracy or \xe2\x80\x98subjective confidence\xe2\x80\x99 of the contributor.Human groups have been shown to be able to combine judgements optimally, accounting for variations in subjective confidence.Collectively deciding animals, particularly groups of cooperative breeders, have sophisticated vocal communication abilities and may provide suitable systems to test theory.The time taken to reach a decision, or hesitancy, provides a link between optimal individual decision-making and optimal group decision-making, and may easily be evaluated by individuals.Group-living species frequently pool individual information so as to reach consensus decisions such as when and where to move, or whether a predator is present. Such opinion-pooling has been demonstrated empirically, and theoretical models have been proposed to explain why group decisions are more reliable than individual decisions. Behavioural ecology theory frequently assumes that all individuals have equal decision-making abilities, but decision theory relaxes this assumption and has been tested in human groups. We summarise relevant theory and argue for its applicability to collective animal decisions. We consider selective pressure on confidence-weighting in groups of related and unrelated individuals. We also consider which species and behaviours may provide evidence of confidence-weighting, paying particular attention to the sophisticated vocal communication of cooperative breeders.'

Title: 'ACC Forum On The FutureTechnological advances and the next 50 years of cardiology'
Author: 'Joe'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S073510970080056X
Abstract: 'SummaryThe fiftieth anniversary of the ACC and the end of the twentieth century are arbitrary points in time, yet they seem to coincide with a true watershed. The last 50 years have brought a rush of new techniques and understandings that have, for the first time, given cardiovascular specialists real tools to prevent and fight cardiovascular disease. Only now, for the first time, has science begun to understand exactly what happens when plaque forms in an artery, when heart muscle fibers cross-link and weaken, when an atrial chamber fibrillates, and when heart muscle cells die en masse after a heart attack. We are beginning to track down the actual chemical, mechanical, and electrical pathways by which the heart is damaged or dies. When we can interfere with those pathways and stop the chain of events, we will have defeated heart disease.Imagination is rapid, but progress is often both uncertain and slow because of the many constraints of cost, regulation, and time needed to test and evaluate new developments. Yet we can now foresee a future in which medical science might actually defeat cardiovascular disease the way it has defeated polio, smallpox, and other serious scourges of the past.'

Title: 'Nonrigid motion estimation from a sequence of degraded images'
Author: 'C.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0895717707001938
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper the problem of online motion and deformation estimation from a sequence of degraded images is considered. More specifically we have considered the superposition of a rigid motion and an affine deformation, while the considered degradation consists in a blurring effect and an additive noise. The measurement equation is heavily nonlinear with respect to motion parameters. Therefore, in order to process the pixels of each frame of the sequence, a filtering procedure is proposed, which includes a linear approximation. The proposed procedure has been widely tested against simulated data and also with reference to an experiment with real data. The obtained results turn out to be quite satisfactory.'

Title: 'Full Length ArticleA new adaptive differential evolution optimization algorithm based on fuzzy inference system'
Author: 'M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098616310709
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a new version of differential evolution (DE) with adaptive mutation factor has been proposed for solving complex optimization problems. The proposed algorithm uses fuzzy logic inference system to dynamically tune the mutation factor of DE and improve its exploration and exploitation. In this way, two factors, named, the number of generation and population diversity are considered as inputs and, one factor, named, the mutation factor as output of the fuzzy logic inference system. The performance of the suggested approach has been tested firstly by using some popular single objective test functions. It has been shown that the proposed method finds better solutions than the classical differential evolution and also the convergence rate of that is really fast. Secondly, a five degree of freedom vehicle vibration model is chosen to be optimally designed by the aforesaid proposed approach. Comparison of the obtained results with those in the literature demonstrates the superiority of the results of this work.'

Title: 'The Receptor Density Algorithm'
Author: 'Nick D.L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397512009899
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper describes the biological and theoretical foundations of a new Artificial Immune System the Receptor Density Algorithm. The algorithm is developed with inspiration from T cell signalling processes and has application in anomaly detection. Connections between the Receptor Density Algorithm and kernel density estimation with exponential smoothing are demonstrated. Finally, the paper evaluates the algorithm\xe2\x80\x99s performance on two types of anomaly detection problem.'

Title: 'Original ArticlePerformance of optimal hierarchical type 2 fuzzy controller for load\xe2\x80\x93frequency system with production rate limitation and governor dead band'
Author: 'Mohsen Ebrahimian'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110016815001969
Abstract: 'AbstractControlling load\xe2\x80\x93frequency is regarded as one of the most important control-related issues in design and exploitation of power systems. Permanent frequency deviation from nominal value directly affects exploitation and reliability of power system. Too much frequency deviation may cause damage to equipment, reduction of network loads efficiency, creation of overload on communication lines and stimulation of network protection tools, and in some unfavorable circumstances, may cause the network collapse. So, it is of great importance to maintain the frequency at its nominal value.It would be useful to make use of the type 2 fuzzy in modeling of uncertainties in systems which are uncertain. In the present article, first, the simplified 4-block type-2 fuzzy has been used for modeling the fuzzy system. Then, fuzzy system regulations are reduced by 33% with the help of hierarchy fuzzy structure. The simplified type-2 fuzzy controller is optimized using the Cuckoo algorithm. Eventually, the performance of the proposed controller is compared to the Mamdani fuzzy controller in terms of the ISE, ITSE, and RMS criteria.'

Title: 'Lagrangian Relaxation for Stochastic Disassembly Line Balancing Problem\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Mohand Lounes'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827114004089
Abstract: 'AbstractThis study deals with the problem of profit oriented disassembly line balancing considering partial disassembly, presence of hazardous parts and uncertainty of task times. The objective of this paper is to design a serial line that obtains the maximum profit under uncertainty. Tasks of the best selected disassembly alternative are to be assigned to a sequence of workstations while respecting precedence and cycle time constraints. The line profit is computed as the difference between the positive revenue generated by the retrieved parts of the End of Life (EOL) product and the line operation cost. The latter includes the workstation operation costs and additional costs for handling hazardous parts. Task times are assumed to be random variables with known probability distributions. An AND/OR graph is used to model the disassembly alternatives and the precedence relationships among tasks and subassemblies. To cope with uncertainties, a solution method based on Lagrangian relaxation and Monte Carlo sampling technique is developed. To show the relevance and applicability of the proposed method, it is evaluated on a set of problem instances from the literature.'

Title: 'Heuristic Supply Chain Optimization of Networked Maintenance Companies\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Tam\xc3\xa1s'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705815003689
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper considers the problem of networked maintenance companies and the connected purchasing processes. Today's successful operation of companies views maintenance as a high priority to ensure maximum utilisation of resources. In this article, a mathematical model is first developed to formulate the problem of finding the optimal make-or-buy solution for complex spare part production. The model seeks the optimal proportion of in-house and outsourced productions, as well as the order quantity so as to minimize the total costs while taking into account order limits. Next, we demonstrate an enhanced harmony search algorithm dealing with multi-objective supply chain model to find the optimum make-or-buy solution of a given maintenance related supply chain problem. We also discuss the sensibility analysis of the heuristic optimisation method and propose optimal process parameters for a high convergence. Numerical results demonstrate how the proposed model supports the make-or-buy decision and helps to reduce the total costs while keeping high availability to fulfil maintenance tasks."

Title: 'Modelling Multi-agent Systems with Category Theory\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Olga'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915008315
Abstract: 'AbstractThe aim of this paper is to formalize the connection between two widely separated branches of knowledge: multi-agent systems (MAS) and category theory. The relationship of category theory to multi-agent systems is as follows: (1) agents and their relations are represented as categorical concepts; and (2) verification of system properties becomes constructive proof in category theory. Proposing a categorical approach to specify MAS properties requires a deep understanding of both the system and these properties in order to be able to abstract and reason about them in a categorical framework. The paper uses the MAS fault-tolerance property as an application of the categorical proof.'

Title: 'A Review of Static Pressure Reset Control in Variable Air Volume Air Condition System\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Jili'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705815029938
Abstract: 'AbstractFor the sake of energy saving of variable air volume (VAV) system, this paper presents the a review of static pressure control around the optimization problem of static pressure reset in VAV air conditioning system. Then, main control methods of static pressure reset are described, and existing problems are analyzed and concluded. Finally, it is pointed out that the critical technology and the development\xc2\xa0trend of static pressure reset control. This overview is not intended to be an exhaustive survey on this topic, and any omission of other works is purely unintentional.'

Title: 'A Context-Aware Mobile User Behavior Based Preference Neighbor Finding Approach for Personalized Information Retrieval\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Qian'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915017184
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper adopts a new approach to searching the users with similarinterests by mobile network services instead of by desktop users. First, the direct trustis calculated based on the mobile users\xe2\x80\x99 behavior andthe weight of the corresponding context (time and position), then an indirect trust degree calculation method is proposed according to the propagationdistance based on the theory of the six degrees of separation; secondly this paper further uses the evaluation score about a certain mobile web service given by a mobile user to calculate the preference similarity degree between different users. Finally based on the time attenuation functionit tries to find the users with similar preference,so as to make use of the neighbor users\xe2\x80\x99 preference profile to dynamicallyupdate the target user's preference profile. Simulation shows that the proposed approach outperformspure sliding window methodand pure forgetting strategy method which fail totake the context mobile information into considerationin terms of Recall Ratio and Precision Ratio."

Title: 'Keyword index (Volume 19 (2009))'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1002007109003311
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Review ArticleControl techniques of tilt rotor unmanned aerial vehicle systems: A review'
Author: 'Zhong'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936116302199
Abstract: 'AbstractThe tilt rotor unmanned aerial vehicle (TRUAV) exhibits special application value due to its unique rotor structure. However, varying dynamics and aerodynamic interference caused by tiltable rotors are great technical challenges and key issues for TRUAV\xe2\x80\x99s high-powered flight controls, which have attracted the attention of many researchers. This paper outlines the concept of TRUAV and some typical TRUAV platforms while focusing on control techniques. TRUAV structural features, dynamics modeling, and flight control methods are discussed, and major challenges and corresponding developmental tendencies associated with TRUAV flight control are summarized.'

Title: 'Consensus of second-order discrete-time multi-agent systems with fixed topology'
Author: 'Dongmei'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022247X11008171
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper studies the consensus of second-order discrete-time multi-agent systems with fixed topology. First, we formulate the problem and give some preliminaries. Then, by algebraic graph theory and matrix theory, the convergence of system matrix is analyzed. Our main results indicate that the consensus of second-order system can be achieved if and only if the topology graph has a directed spanning tree and the values of the scaling parameters satisfy a range. The eigenvalues of the corresponding Laplacian matrix play a key role in reaching consensus. Finally, numerical simulations are given to illustrate the results.'

Title: 'Special SectionsTechnological advances and the next 50 years of cardiology'
Author: 'Joe'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0735109700005581
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915013174
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Proposal of a Model for Life Cycle Optimization of Industrial Equipment\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Daniele'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827114004910
Abstract: 'AbstractPressure of emergent countries, policy makers and industrial companies\xe2\x80\x99 interests are pushing European companies towards a high consideration of whole product life cycle. Designers and systems engineers are the main actors involved, due to their high influence on product life cycle costs and environmental impacts since early design phase.The aim of the paper is to propose an integrated, structured and robust model, completed by methods/techniques, to support and help the activity of designers and engineers to create and identify the optimal life cycle oriented solution.'

Title: 'Utilization of Robust Video Processing Techniques to Aid Efficient Object Detection and Tracking\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Anand'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914013064
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this research, data acquired by Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) are primarily used to detect and track moving objects which pose a major security threat along the United States southern border. Factors such as camera motion, poor illumination and noise make the detection and tracking of moving objects in surveillance videos a formidable task. The main objective of this research is to provide a less ambiguous image data for object detection and tracking by means of noise reduction, image enhancement, video stabilization, and illumination restoration. The improved data is later utilized to detect and track moving objects in surveillance videos. An optimization based image enhancement scheme was successfully implemented to increase edge information to facilitate object detection. Noise present in the raw video captured by the UAV was efficiently removed using search and match methodology. Undesired motion induced in the video frames was eliminated using block matching technique. Moving objects were detected and tracked by using contour information resulting from the implementation of adaptive background subtraction based detection process. Our simulation results shows the efficiency of these algorithms in processing noisy, un-stabilized raw video sequences which were utilized to detect and track moving objects in the video sequences.'

Title: 'AACMM Performance Test: Influence of Human Factor and Geometric Features\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Daniel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705814002562
Abstract: 'AbstractArticulated Arms Coordinate Measuring Machines (AACMMs) have spread out in the manufacturing industry thanks to their flexibility and reduced cost. Nevertheless, their performance has been barely studied unlike traditional coordinate measuring machines. Therefore, a lack of traceability and reliability have been found AACMM field. AACMM performance is affected by many factors which are partially studied and compensated. Among them, human factor is one of the main factors with a significant impact on AACMM performance, however it is not considered in current evaluation or calibration methodologies. In this work, a new methodology is presented in order to calculate operator contribution to AACMM errors. Furthermore, operator behavior changes according to the measured feature and type of tolerance. For this reason, a features-based gauge capable of materialize a wide range of tolerances types has been designed and built for using with this methodology. Test results provide with a reasonable basis for performing both operator and AACMM qualification.'

Title: 'The Analysis of Traffic Control Cyber-physical Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Shi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187704281302404X
Abstract: 'AbstractCyber-physical systems offer a new theory to the application of information to improve traffic control system performance. This paper, oriented to the integration of information and transportation processes, discusses the gateway role of the control instruction information of the information flow, control command, behavioral control utility and behavioral control and the reconstruction of the traffic control system model. Also, this paper analyzes the information flow amongst computer systems, traffic sign systems, and travelers in the traffic control system. The integration of information and transportation processes can be realized by cyberizing the traffic control process. Finally, this paper discusses the application of new technologies in computing and communication in the traffic control cyber-physical systems.'

Title: "Original ArticleResearch on rat's pulmonary acute injury induced by lunar soil simulant"
Author: 'Yan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1726490117303155
Abstract: 'AbstractBackgroundThe steps to the moon never stopped after the Apollo Project. Lessons from manned landings on the moon have shown that lunar dust has great influence on the health of astronauts. In this paper, comparative studies between the lunar soil simulant (LSS) and PM2.5 were performed to discover their harm to human biological systems and explore the methods of prevention and treatment of dust poisoning for future lunar manned landings.MethodsRats were randomly divided into the control group, two CAS-1 lunar soil simulant groups (tracheal perfusion with 7\xc2\xa0mg and 0.7\xc2\xa0mg, respectively, in a 1-mL volume) and the PM2.5 group (tracheal perfusion with 0.7\xc2\xa0mg in a 1-mL volume). The biochemical indicators in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF), MPO activity in the lung tissue, pathologic changes, and inflammatory cells in the BALF were measured after 4\xc2\xa0h and 24\xc2\xa0h.ResultsThe LSS group showed cytotoxicity that was closely related to the concentration. The figures of the two LSS groups (4 and 24\xc2\xa0h) show that the alveolar septa were thickened. Additionally, it was observed that neutrophils had infiltrated, and various levels of inflammation occurred around the vascular and bronchial structures.ConclusionThe overall results of the acute effects of the lungs caused by dust showed that the lung toxicity of LSS was greater than that of PM2.5. LSS could induce lung damage and inflammatory lesions. The biomarkers in BALF caused by acute injury were consistent with histopathologic observations.'

Title: 'ReviewA review of building climate and plant controls, and a survey of industry perspectives'
Author: 'Mohammad'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378778817318522
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Demonstrators of the benefits of full building automation are rare and inconclusive.\xe2\x80\xa2New guides are needed to reconcile building automation and occupant autonomy.\xe2\x80\xa2Evolutionary algorithms are viewed as complex and risky by BAS industry.\xe2\x80\xa2HVAC and BAS industries seek robust controls with simple set up and minimum training.AbstractA historic and current perspective is offered of building climate and plant control techniques while also reporting the results of a survey that reveals more conventional control methods to still be preferred by industry-based practitioners. Specifically Artificial Neural Network and reinforcement and machine learning have seldom been taken up in practice by HVAC and BAS industries due to uncertainty, long training periods, and complexity in setting up and maintaining the system. Future buildings are expected to be responsive to other civic activities, namely power generation, storage and distribution and potentially even transport. Given that HVAC industry predominantly continues to deploy conventional techniques, future control solutions seem inevitably to be pioneered by the digital and information technology innovators. Conventional techniques such as PID and simpler computational methods which require no data-training are reported to continue to exist particularly on closed loop mechanical systems (hydronic or air-based) at plant level. Survey participants state that at and beyond building level, control and integration require software-intensive solutions to enable online data analytics, system and occupant feedback, diagnostics, renewable energy management but most urgently smart grid controls and forecasting. Most of these innovations are expected to come from sectors beyond the building automation industry.'

Title: 'Resilience in Sociotechnical Systems: The Perspectives of Multiple Stakeholders'
Author: 'Eloise'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2405872617300758
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Talking to multiple stakeholders of the same system increases our understanding of resilience in sociotechnical systems.\xe2\x80\xa2A system mapping exercise can be used to structure conversations about resilience.\xe2\x80\xa2System maps can be used to analyze systems against three characteristics of resilience.\xe2\x80\xa2Stakeholder perspectives on resilience are influenced by their individual perceptions of a system\xe2\x80\x99s boundaries, purpose, and timescale.AbstractWe often design sociotechnical systems with the explicit intention that they will exhibit \xe2\x80\x9cresilience\xe2\x80\x9d in the face of unpredictable change. But there is often great uncertainty about how to define resilience\xe2\x80\x94or achieve it. This article explores what design can learn about resilience by eliciting, combining, and contrasting multiple stakeholder perspectives within a single sociotechnical system. During one-on-one interviews, we asked participants to structure their ideas about resilience into a map of the overall system they work within. The maps were then used to analyze the system according to three key resilience characteristics. We found that the nature of their viewpoints was influenced by their ideas about the system\xe2\x80\x99s boundaries, purpose, and timescale. Our findings give rise to a better understanding of the nature of change in sociotechnical systems and how to design for their resilience.'

Title: 'Manufacturing at double the speed'
Author: 'Julian M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0924013615301801
Abstract: 'AbstractThe speed of manufacturing processes today depends on a trade-off between the physical processes of production, the wider system that allows these processes to operate and the co-ordination of a supply chain in the pursuit of meeting customer needs. Could the speed of this activity be doubled? This paper explores this hypothetical question, starting with examination of a diverse set of case studies spanning the activities of manufacturing. This reveals that the constraints on increasing manufacturing speed have some common themes, and several of these are examined in more detail, to identify absolute limits to performance. The physical processes of production are constrained by factors such as machine stiffness, actuator acceleration, heat transfer and the delivery of fluids, and for each of these, a simplified model is used to analyse the gap between current and limiting performance. The wider systems of production require the co-ordination of resources and push at the limits of human biophysical and cognitive limits. Evidence about these is explored and related to current practice. Out of this discussion, five promising innovations are explored to show examples of how manufacturing speed is increasing\xe2\x80\x94with line arrays of point actuators, parallel tools, tailored application of precision, hybridisation and task taxonomies. The paper addresses a broad question which could be pursued by a wider community and in greater depth, but even this first examination suggests the possibility of unanticipated innovations in current manufacturing practices.'

Title: 'Prediction of Simulating and Experiments for Co-based Alloy Laser Cladding by HPDL\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Shirui'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1875389213006639
Abstract: 'AbstractIn order to investigate the effects of process parameters on the quality of laser cladding layer, Co-based alloy laser cladding experiments based on orthogonal method was performed on the 304 stainless steel by high power diode laser (HPDL). The results show that the laser scanning speed has the most significant influence on the width, height and depth of laser cladding layer, and the powder feeding rate has the most important influence on the hardness of laser cladding layer. For the sake of getting optimum process parameters and reducing the times of process experiments in practical engineering application, a back propagation (BP) neural network model was established to predict the optimum process parameters. The calculation and predication results show a good agreement with the experimental results. The research results have both significant reference value and guidance meaning in processing parameters of Co-based alloy cladding by a high power diode laser in the application.'

Title: 'Energy efficient ant colony algorithms for data aggregation in wireless sensor networks'
Author: 'Chi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022000011001395
Abstract: 'AbstractIn energy-constrained wireless sensor networks, energy efficiency is critical for prolonging the network lifetime. A family of ant colony algorithms called DAACA for data aggregation are proposed in this paper. DAACA consists of three phases: initialization, packets transmissions and operations on pheromones. In the transmission phase, each node estimates the remaining energy and the amount of pheromones of neighbor nodes to compute the probabilities for dynamically selecting the next hop. After certain rounds of transmissions, the pheromones adjustments are performed, which take the advantages of both global and local merits for evaporating or depositing pheromones. Four different pheromones adjustment strategies which constitute DAACA family are designed to prolong the network lifetime. Experimental results indicate that, compared with other data aggregation algorithms, DAACA shows higher superiority on average degree of nodes, energy efficiency, prolonging the network lifetime, computation complexity and success ratio of one hop transmission. At last, the features of DAACA are analyzed.Highlights\xe2\x96\xba A family of ant colony algorithms for data aggregation are proposed called DAACA. \xe2\x96\xba DAACA adjusts the network topology by using pheromones. \xe2\x96\xba DAACA prolongs the network lifetime and enhances the energy efficiency. \xe2\x96\xba DAACA has low computational complexity and high transmission success ratio.'

Title: 'Interactive information systems: Toward perception based computing'
Author: 'Andrzej'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397512003635
Abstract: 'AbstractWe discuss the role of interactions in the modeling of perception processes. Interactive information systems, introduced in this paper, play the important role in this modeling. Moreover, the proposed approach opens a new research direction in rough set theory. In this approach, partial information about the environment used for the approximation of concepts is changing dynamically in a network of interacting information systems contrary to static information systems typically used in rough set theory so far. In particular, we illustrate the use of such information systems for representation of actions or plans, their (changing in time) pre and post conditions. These information systems create a starting point for perception modeling, i.e., modeling of the process of understanding of sensory measurements. We also propose interactive grammars as a tool for modeling interactive computations in perception based computing.'

Title: 'Original ArticleQuadratic and nonlinear programming problems solving and analysis in fully fuzzy environment'
Author: 'Walaa Ibrahim'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110016815000344
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a comprehensive methodology for solving and analyzing quadratic and nonlinear programming problems in fully fuzzy environment. The solution approach is based on the Arithmetic Fuzzy Logic-based Representations, previously founded on normalized fuzzy matrices. The suggested approach is generalized for the fully fuzzy case of the general forms of quadratic and nonlinear modeling and optimization problems of both the unconstrained and constrained fuzzy optimization problems. The constrained problems are extended by incorporating the suggested fuzzy logic-based representations assuming complete fuzziness of all the optimization formulation parameters. The robustness of the optimal fuzzy solutions is then analyzed using the recently newly developed system consolidity index. Four examples of quadratic and nonlinear programming optimization problems are investigated to illustrate the efficacy of the developed formulations. Moreover, consolidity patterns for the illustrative examples are sketched to show the ability of the optimal solution to withstand any system and input parameters changes effects. It is demonstrated that the geometric analysis of the consolidity charts of each region can be carried out based on specifying the type of consolidity region shape (such as elliptical or circular), slope or angle in degrees of the centerline of the geometric, the location of the centroid of the geometric shape, area of the geometric shape, lengths of principals diagonals of the shape, and the diversity ratio of consolidity points. The overall results demonstrate the consistency and effectiveness of the developed approach for incorporation and implementation for fuzzy quadratic and nonlinear optimization problems. Finally, it is concluded that the presented concept could provide a comprehensive methodology for various quadratic and nonlinear systems\xe2\x80\x99 modeling and optimization in fully fuzzy environments.'

Title: "3D tissue-engineered model of Ewing's sarcoma\xe2\x98\x86"
Author: 'Salah-Eddine'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0169409X14001537
Abstract: "AbstractDespite longstanding reliance upon monolayer culture for studying cancer cells, and numerous advantages from both a practical and experimental standpoint, a growing body of evidence suggests that more complex three-dimensional (3D) models are necessary to properly mimic many of the critical hallmarks associated with the oncogenesis, maintenance and spread of Ewing's sarcoma (ES), the second most common pediatric bone tumor. And as clinicians increasingly turn to biologically-targeted therapies that exert their effects not only on the tumor cells themselves, but also on the surrounding extracellular matrix, it is especially important that preclinical models evolve in parallel to reliably measure antineoplastic effects and possible mechanisms of de novo and acquired drug resistance. Herein, we highlight a number of innovative methods used to fabricate biomimetic ES tumors, encompassing both the surrounding cellular milieu and the extracellular matrix (ECM), and suggest potential applications to advance our understanding of ES biology, preclinical drug testing, and personalized medicine.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (269KB)Download full-size image"

Title: 'ArticleMolecular and Biochemical Studies of Chondramide Formation\xe2\x80\x94Highly Cytotoxic Natural Products from Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5'
Author: 'Shwan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1074552106001852
Abstract: 'SummaryThe jaspamide/chondramide family of depsipeptides are mixed PKS/NRPS natural products isolated from marine sponges and a terrestrial myxobacterium that potently affect the function of the actin cytoskeleton. As a first step to improve production in heterologous host cells and permit genetic approaches to novel analogs, we have cloned and characterized the chondramide biosynthetic genes from the myxobacterium Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5. In addition to the expected PKS and NRPS genes, the cluster encodes a rare tyrosine aminomutase for \xce\xb2-tyrosine formation and a previously unknown tryptophan-2-halogenase. Conditions for gene transfer into C. crocatus Cm c5 were developed, and inactivation of several genes corroborated their proposed function and served to define the boundaries of the cluster. Biochemical characterization of the final NRPS adenylation domain confirmed the direct activation of \xce\xb2-tyrosine, and fluorinated chondramides were produced through precursor-directed biosynthesis.'

Title: 'Controlling Generative Processes of Generative Art Somnuk Phon-'
Author: 'Somnuk'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050912007193
Abstract: 'AbstractComputers have now become a crucial component in the process of digital media contents creation. Computer programs have been written to generate artistic artifacts, for examples, poetry, painting and music. These artifacts could be classi\xef\xac\x81ed along the spectrum of algorithmic complexity of the programs, where order is at one end and disorder is at the other end. The artifacts classi\xef\xac\x81ed toward the order end of the spectrum possess a clear structure (e.g., symmetry and tiling) while the artifacts classi\xe2\x80\x93\xef\xac\x81ed toward the disorder end do not have any structure at both local and global levels (e.g., randomisation). Highly ordered or disordered generative art artifacts are generated from effcient algorithms that are simpler than those used to generate artifacts classi\xef\xac\x81ed as lying between the order and disorder extremes. Control is embedded in the programs and it expresses the intention and strategy of the creative process. In this paper, we investigate the issue of control in generative art. We argue that the control expressed in the programs is a crucial component in a generative process. Hence, the ability to exert control is important in guiding the creative processes to intentionally generate complex and interesting artifacts. We describe the nature of the control observed in the generative process of computer generative art techniques. We then present examples of computer generated painting and discuss the control employed in the generative processes.'

Title: 'Improving Collaboration in Search and Rescue System of Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Nil'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914012526
Abstract: 'AbstractLack of collaboration between individual systems and System of Systems (SoS) program management is identified as one of the leading problems in SoS engineering. In SoS where individual systems have their own interests, it is necessary to incorporate mechanisms to persuade individual systems to participate in the SoS development. In this paper an incentive based negotiation model is outlined as a mechanism to increase participation of individual systems into the Search and Rescue SoS development. The model takes into account variations in outcomes due to uncertainty in the acquisition environment as well as contribution of each system to overall SoS mission. Different levels of individual system effort and different levels of SoS outcome are identified to determine appropriate levels of incentives for individual systems. Study of this application domain provides insights into how incentives can be used by decision makers to increase participation in SoS engineering and development.'

Title: 'Robust Ad-hoc Sensor Routing (RASeR) protocol for mobile wireless sensor networks'
Author: 'T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1570870516301822
Abstract: 'AbstractRobust Ad-hoc Sensor Routing (RASeR) is a novel protocol for data routing in mobile wireless sensor networks (MWSNs). It is designed to cope with the demanding requirements of emerging technologies, which require the reliable and low-latency delivery of packets in highly mobile conditions. RASeR uses blind forwarding, which is facilitated by a novel method of gradient maintenance. The problem of maintaining a gradient field in a changing topology, without flooding, is solved by using a global time division multiple access MAC. Furthermore, it is enhanced with the additional options of a supersede mode, to aid time-critical applications, reverse flooding, to allow sink-to-sensor commands and energy saving sleep cycles to reduce power consumption. Analytical expressions are derived and verified by simulation. RASeR is compared with the state-of-the-art MWSN routing protocols, PHASeR and MACRO, as well as the MANET protocols, AODV and OLSR. The results indicate that RASeR is a high performance protocol, which shows improvements over PHASeR, MACRO, AODV and OLSR. Tested over varying levels of mobility, scalability and traffic, the simulations yield near perfect PDR in many scenarios, as well as a low end-to-end delay, high throughput, low overhead and low energy consumption. The robustness of this protocol and its consistent reliability, low latency and additional features, makes it highly suitable to a wide number of applications. It is specifically applicable to highly mobile situations with a fixed number of nodes and small payloads.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877705811056062
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'ReviewProceedings of the Ninth World Congress for Hair Research (2015)'
Author: 'Wilma F.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1087002417300060
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Recent advances in wearable sensors for animal health management'
Author: 'Suresh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214180416301350
Abstract: 'AbstractBiosensors, as an application for animal health management, are an emerging market that is quickly gaining recognition in the global market. Globally, a number of sensors being produced for animal health management are at various stages of commercialization. Some technologies for producing an accurate health status and disease diagnosis are applicable only for humans, with few modifications or testing in animal models. Now, these innovative technologies are being considered for their future use in livestock development and welfare. Precision livestock farming techniques, which include a wide span of technologies, are being applied, along with advanced technologies like microfluidics, sound analyzers, image-detection techniques, sweat and salivary sensing, serodiagnosis, and others. However, there is a need to integrate all the available sensors and create an efficient online monitoring system so that animal health status can be monitored in real time, without delay. This review paper discusses the scope of different wearable technologies for animals, nano biosensors and advanced molecular biology diagnostic techniques for the detection of various infectious diseases of cattle, along with the efforts to enlist and compare these technologies with respect to their drawbacks and advantages in the domain of animal health management. The paper considers all recent developments in the field of biosensors and their applications for animal health to provide insight regarding the appropriate approach to be used in the future of enhanced animal welfare.'

Title: 'A memetic algorithm for path planning of curvature-constrained UAVs performing surveillance of multiple ground targets'
Author: 'Xing'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936114000946
Abstract: 'AbstractThe problem of generating optimal paths for curvature-constrained unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) performing surveillance of multiple ground targets is addressed in this paper. UAVs are modeled as Dubins vehicles so that the constraints of UAVs\xe2\x80\x99 minimal turning radius can be taken into account. In view of the effective surveillance range of the sensors equipped on UAVs, the problem is formulated as a Dubins traveling salesman problem with neighborhood (DTSPN). Considering its prohibitively high computational complexity, the Dubins paths in the sense of terminal heading relaxation are introduced to simplify the calculation of the Dubins distance, and a boundary-based encoding scheme is proposed to determine the visiting point of every target neighborhood. Then, an evolutionary algorithm is used to derive the optimal Dubins tour. To further enhance the quality of the solutions, a local search strategy based on approximate gradient is employed to improve the visiting points of target neighborhoods. Finally, by a minor modification to the individual encoding, the algorithm is easily extended to deal with other two more sophisticated DTSPN variants (multi-UAV scenario and multiple groups of targets scenario). The performance of the algorithm is demonstrated through comparative experiments with other two state-of-the-art DTSPN algorithms identified in literature. Numerical simulations exhibit that the algorithm proposed in this paper can find high-quality solutions to the DTSPN with lower computational cost and produce significantly improved performance over the other algorithms.'

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187705091731147X
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Contents'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610212003347
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Survey of orbital dynamics and control of space rendezvous'
Author: 'Yazhong'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1000936113001787
Abstract: 'AbstractRendezvous orbital dynamics and control (RODC) is a key technology for operating space rendezvous and docking missions. This paper surveys the studies on RODC. Firstly, the basic relative dynamics equation set is introduced and its improved versions are evaluated. Secondly, studies on rendezvous trajectory optimization are commented from three aspects: the linear rendezvous, the nonlinear two-body rendezvous, and the perturbed and constrained rendezvous. Thirdly, studies on relative navigation are briefly reviewed, and then close-range control methods including automated control, manual control, and telecontrol are analyzed. Fourthly, advances in rendezvous trajectory safety and robust analysis are surveyed, and their applications in trajectory optimization are discussed. Finally, conclusions are drawn and prospects of studies on RODC are presented.'

Title: 'Flow Graph Approach for Studying Fuzzy Inference Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Alicja'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914011156
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper proposes an approach to analysis of fuzzy inference systems. To this end, a flow graph representation of a decision table with linguistic values is used. Every layer in a fuzzy flow graph corresponds to a fuzzy attribute (input or output). Each node in a layer represents a particular linguistic value of an attribute. Certainty factor, coverage factor and strength of rules can be computed for a given set of examples (universe) and serve as helpful measures for gaining more insight into the operation of a fuzzy inference system. Moreover, application of flow graphs can be useful for selecting membership functions and determining other parameters in the design of fuzzy inference systems.'

Title: 'Efficient synthesis of robust models for stochastic systems'
Author: 'Radu'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0164121218300967
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The extension of parameter tolerance from other engineering disciplines to software architecture.\xe2\x80\xa2The definition of the sensitivity-aware Pareto dominance relation for the synthesis of robust models.\xe2\x80\xa2The RODES method for the generation of sensitivity-aware Pareto fronts.\xe2\x80\xa2The integration of multi-objective probabilistic model synthesis and precise pCTMC parameter synthesis.\xe2\x80\xa2A repository of case studies showing the successful application of RODES in different domains.AbstractWe describe a tool-supported method for the efficient synthesis of parametric continuous-time Markov chains (pCTMC) that correspond to robust designs of a system under development. The pCTMCs generated by our RObust DEsign Synthesis (RODES) method are resilient to changes in the system\xe2\x80\x99s operational profile, satisfy strict reliability, performance and other quality constraints, and are Pareto-optimal or nearly Pareto-optimal with respect to a set of quality optimisation criteria. By integrating sensitivity analysis at designer-specified tolerance levels and Pareto optimality, RODES produces designs that are potentially slightly suboptimal in return for less sensitivity\xe2\x80\x94an acceptable trade-off in engineering practice. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and the efficiency of its GPU-accelerated tool support across multiple application domains by using RODES to design a producer-consumer system, a replicated file system and a workstation cluster system.'

Title: 'Path Laplacian matrices: Introduction and application to the analysis of consensus in networks'
Author: 'Ernesto'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0024379511007750
Abstract: 'AbstractThe concept of k-path Laplacian matrix of a graph is motivated and introduced. The path Laplacian matrices are a natural generalization of the combinatorial Laplacian of a graph. They are defined by using path matrices accounting for the existence of shortest paths of length k between two nodes. This new concept is motivated by the problem of determining whether every node of a graph can be visited by means of a process consisting of hopping from one node to another separated at distance k from it. The problem is solved by using the multiplicity of the trivial eigenvalue of the corresponding k-path Laplacian matrix. We apply these matrices to the analysis of the consensus among agents in a networked system. We show how the consensus in different types of network topologies is accelerated by considering not only nearest neighbors but also the influence of long-range interacting ones. Further applications of path Laplacian matrices in a variety of other fields, e.g., synchronization, flocking, Markov chains, etc., will open a new avenue in algebraic graph theory.'

Title: 'ReviewThe Future of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Sciences'
Author: 'Jukka'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022354916301514
Abstract: 'ABSTRACTThe entire pharmaceutical sector is in an urgent need of both innovative technological solutions and fundamental scientific work, enabling the production of highly engineered drug products. Commercial-scale manufacturing of complex drug delivery systems (DDSs) using the existing technologies is challenging. This review covers important elements of manufacturing sciences, beginning with risk management strategies and design of experiments (DoE) techniques. Experimental techniques should, where possible, be supported by computational approaches. With that regard, state-of-art mechanistic process modeling techniques are described in detail. Implementation of materials science tools paves the way to molecular-based processing of future DDSs. A snapshot of some of the existing tools is presented. Additionally, general engineering principles are discussed covering process measurement and process control solutions. Last part of the review addresses future manufacturing solutions, covering continuous processing and, specifically, hot-melt processing and printing-based technologies. Finally, challenges related to implementing these technologies as a part of future health care systems are discussed.'

Title: 'Emerging Techniques for Enhancing the Practical Application of City Logistics Models'
Author: 'Eiichi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187704281200554X
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents a review of emerging techniques for enhancing the practical application of city logistics models. A number of models have been applied to practical problems for evaluating policy measures of city logistics. These models can be categorised into two types: optimisation models, and simulation models. Optimisation models incorporate dynamic and stochastic elements, since the real urban freight transport faces varying demands and travel times. Simulation models typically use multi-agent systems, as multiple stakeholders are involved in planning city logistics schemes. Evaluation methodology is directly related to decision making of policy measures. Models for supporting decision making have become more important for obtaining a social acceptance as well as governance among private and public entities.'

Title: 'Volume Contents and Author Index'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0895717708001222
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Book report'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122104840161
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Enterprise information system structure optimization based on time property with improved immune genetic algorithm and binary tree'
Author: 'Chaogai'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S089812211101087X
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper deals with how to optimize enterprise information system (EIS) structure based on time property. Once the EIS structure is formally represented, the time property corresponding to EIS structure expression can be obtained. Thus, aiming at the minimum time property, the EIS structure can be optimized. To this end, first, the formal representation of EIS structure based on object-based knowledge mesh (OKM) and binary tree is proposed. Second, different time properties corresponding to various structures are defined and clarified. Then, the optimal model of EIS structure is constructed. And then, the EIS structure model is optimized by the improved immune genetic algorithm (IGA) based on binary tree, niche algorithm and self-adaptive operators, and the steps of the improved IGA are presented in detail as well. Finally, the EIS structure optimization based on time property is illustrated by an example, which verifies the proposed approach.'

Title: 'Common coding and dynamic interactions between observed, imagined, and experienced motor and somatosensory activity'
Author: 'Laura K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0028393215001517
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Motor imagery, observed action, and motor production show strong neural overlap.\xe2\x80\xa2Somatosensory imagery, observed touch, and somatosensation also show overlap.\xe2\x80\xa2Simulation (imagery and observation), perception, and action influence one another.\xe2\x80\xa2Numerous brain areas regulate influence of simulation on action and perception.\xe2\x80\xa2Deafferentation and brain injury demonstrate dynamic regulation of simulation.AbstractMotor imagery and perception \xe2\x80\x93 considered generally as forms of motor simulation\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93 share overlapping neural representations with motor production. While much research has focused on the extent of this \xe2\x80\x9ccommon coding,\xe2\x80\x9d less attention has been paid to how these overlapping representations interact. How do imagined, observed, or produced actions influence one another, and how do we maintain control over our perception and behavior? In the first part of this review we describe interactions between motor production and motor simulation, and explore apparent regulatory mechanisms that balance these processes. Next, we consider the somatosensory system. Numerous studies now support a \xe2\x80\x9csensory mirror system\xe2\x80\x9d comprised of neural representations activated by either afferent sensation or vicarious sensation. In the second part of this review we summarize evidence for shared representations of sensation and sensory simulation (including imagery and observed sensation), and suggest that similar interactions and regulation of simulation occur in the somatosensory domain as in the motor domain. We suggest that both motor and somatosensory simulations are flexibly regulated to support simulations congruent with our sensorimotor experience and goals and suppress or separate the influence of those that are not. These regulatory mechanisms are frequently revealed by cases of brain injury but can also be employed to facilitate sensorimotor rehabilitation.'

Title: 'Advance of in-situ stress measurement in China'
Author: 'Meifeng'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1674775515301281
Abstract: 'AbstractIn-situ stress is an essential parameter for design and construction of most engineering projects that involve excavation in rocks. Progress in in-situ stress measurement from the 1950s in China is briefly introduced. Stress relief by overcoring technique and hydraulic fracturing technique are the two main techniques for in-situ stress measurement in China at present. To make them suitable for application at great depth and to increase their measuring reliability and accuracy, a series of techniques have been developed. Applications and achievements of in-situ stress measurement in Chinese rock engineering, including mining, geotechnical and hydropower engineering, and earthquake prediction, are introduced. Suggestions for further development of in-situ stress measurement are also proposed.'

Title: 'UAV feasible path planning based on disturbed fluid and trajectory propagation'
Author: 'Peng'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S100093611500120X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, a novel algorithm based on disturbed fluid and trajectory propagation is developed to solve the three-dimensional (3-D) path planning problem of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in static environment. Firstly, inspired by the phenomenon of streamlines avoiding obstacles, the algorithm based on disturbed fluid is developed and broadened. The effect of obstacles on original fluid field is quantified by the perturbation matrix, where the tangential matrix is first introduced. By modifying the original flow field, the modified one is then obtained, where the streamlines can be regarded as planned paths. And the path proves to avoid all obstacles smoothly and swiftly, follow the shape of obstacles effectively and reach the destination eventually. Then, by considering the kinematics and dynamics equations of UAV, the method called trajectory propagation is adopted to judge the feasibility of the path. If the planned path is unfeasible, repulsive and tangential parameters in the perturbation matrix will be adjusted adaptively based on the resolved state variables of UAV. In most cases, a flyable path can be obtained eventually. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of this method.'

Title: 'ArticleBehavioral Responses to a Repetitive Visual Threat Stimulus Express a Persistent State of Defensive Arousal in Drosophila'
Author: 'William\xc2\xa0T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S096098221500411X
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A novel behavioral assay using repeated, visual threat stimuli is characterized\xe2\x80\xa2Flies show persistent defensive responses including running, jumping, and freezing\xe2\x80\xa2Velocity and hopping frequency scale with stimulus number and with stimulus frequency\xe2\x80\xa2Drosophila genetics can now be used to investigate a persistent defensive stateSummaryThe neural circuit mechanisms underlying emotion states remain poorly understood. Drosophila offers powerful genetic approaches for dissecting neural circuit function, but whether flies exhibit emotion-like behaviors has not been clear. We recently proposed that model organisms may express internal states displaying \xe2\x80\x9cemotion primitives,\xe2\x80\x9d which are general characteristics common to different emotions, rather than specific anthropomorphic emotions such as \xe2\x80\x9cfear\xe2\x80\x9d or \xe2\x80\x9canxiety.\xe2\x80\x9d These emotion primitives include scalability, persistence, valence, and generalization to multiple contexts. Here, we have applied this approach to determine whether flies\xe2\x80\x99 defensive responses to moving overhead translational stimuli (\xe2\x80\x9cshadows\xe2\x80\x9d) are purely reflexive or may express underlying emotion states. We describe a new behavioral assay in which flies confined in an enclosed arena are repeatedly exposed to an overhead translational stimulus. Repetitive stimuli promoted graded (scalable) and persistent increases in locomotor velocity and hopping, and occasional freezing. The stimulus also dispersed feeding flies from a food resource, suggesting both negative valence and context generalization. Strikingly, there was a significant delay before the flies returned to the food following stimulus-induced dispersal, suggestive of a slowly decaying internal defensive state. The length of this delay was increased when more stimuli were delivered for initial dispersal. These responses can be mathematically modeled by assuming an internal state that behaves as a leaky integrator of stimulus exposure. Our results suggest that flies\xe2\x80\x99 responses to repetitive visual threat stimuli express an internal state exhibiting canonical emotion primitives, possibly analogous to fear in mammals. The mechanistic basis of this state can now be investigated in a genetically tractable insect species.'

Title: 'Full length articleVehicle speed prediction via a sliding-window time series analysis and an evolutionary least learning machine: A case study on San Francisco urban roads'
Author: 'Ladan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2215098614000937
Abstract: 'AbstractThe main goal of the current study is to take advantage of advanced numerical and intelligent tools to predict the speed of a vehicle using time series. It is clear that the uncertainty caused by temporal behavior of the driver as well as various external disturbances on the road will affect the vehicle speed, and thus, the vehicle power demands. The prediction of upcoming power demands can be employed by the vehicle powertrain control systems to improve significantly the fuel economy and emission performance. Therefore, it is important to systems design engineers and automotive industrialists to develop efficient numerical tools to overcome the risk of unpredictability associated with the vehicle speed profile on roads. In this study, the authors propose an intelligent tool called evolutionary least learning machine (E-LLM) to forecast the vehicle speed sequence. To have a practical evaluation regarding the efficacy of E-LLM, the authors use the driving data collected on the San Francisco urban roads by a private Honda Insight vehicle. The concept of sliding window time series (SWTS) analysis is used to prepare the database for the speed forecasting process. To evaluate the performance of the proposed technique, a number of well-known approaches, such as auto regressive (AR) method, back-propagation neural network (BPNN), evolutionary extreme learning machine (E-ELM), extreme learning machine (ELM), and radial basis function neural network (RBFNN), are considered. The performances of the rival methods are then compared in terms of the mean square error (MSE), root mean square error (RMSE), mean absolute percentage error (MAPE), median absolute percentage error (MDAPE), and absolute fraction of variances (R2) metrics. Through an exhaustive comparative study, the authors observed that E-LLM is a powerful tool for predicting the vehicle speed profiles. The outcomes of the current study can be of use for the engineers of automotive industry who have been seeking fast, accurate, and inexpensive tools capable of predicting vehicle speeds up to a given point ahead of time, known as prediction horizon (HP), which can be used for designing efficient predictive powertrain controllers.'

Title: 'The $-calculus process algebra for problem solving: A paradigmatic shift in handling hard computational problems'
Author: 'Eugene'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397507003192
Abstract: 'AbstractThe $-calculus is the extension of the \xcf\x80-calculus, built around the central notion of cost and allowing infinity in its operators. We propose the $-calculus as a more complete model for problem solving to provide a support to handle intractability and undecidability. It goes beyond the Turing Machine model. We define the semantics of the $-calculus using a novel optimization method (the k\xce\xa9-optimization), which approximates a nonexisting universal search algorithm and allows the simulation of many other search methods. In particular, the notion of total optimality has been utilized to provide an automatic way to deal with intractability of problem solving by optimizing together the quality of solutions and search costs. The sufficient conditions needed for completeness, optimality and total optimality of problem solving search are defined. A very flexible classification scheme of problem solving methods into easy, hard and solvable in the limit classes has been proposed. In particular, the third class deals with non-recursive solutions of undecidable problems. The approach is illustrated by solutions of some intractable and undecidable problems. We also briefly overview two possible implementations of the $-calculus.'

Title: 'Identificaci\xc3\xb3n Inteligente de un Proceso Fermentativo Usando el Algoritmo GMDH Modificado'
Author: 'F.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1697791211000707
Abstract: 'ResumenEn este trabajo se aborda, de manera particular, un m\xc3\xa9todo para el dise\xc3\xb1o del algoritmo conocido como Group Method of Data Handling, GMDH, t\xc3\xadpico con lazo recurrente. Una modificaci\xc3\xb3n en una de sus fases de entrenamiento permite ampliar el n\xc3\xbamero de variables utilizadas en cada capa y con ello el \xc3\xa1rea de regresi\xc3\xb3n. Consecuentemente se puede obtener una estructura optimizada en s\xc3\xad misma de mayor complejidad, posibilitando la aparici\xc3\xb3n de lazos recurrentes en las capas intermedias. Lo anterior permite una reducci\xc3\xb3n del error en la modelaci\xc3\xb3n de procesos no lineales de lento comportamiento, como el crecimiento celular en biorreactores. El modelo se prob\xc3\xb3 en una fermentaci\xc3\xb3n tipo feed-batch de la levadura Pichia pastoris. La estabilidad y capacidad de generalizaci\xc3\xb3n es demostrada. El m\xc3\xa9todo propuesto es comparado con el GMDH t\xc3\xadpico recurrente y con otras estructuras de redes neuronales cl\xc3\xa1sicas.'

Title: 'Measuring universal intelligence: Towards an anytime intelligence test'
Author: 'Jos\xc3\xa9'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370210001554
Abstract: "AbstractIn this paper, we develop the idea of a universal anytime intelligence test. The meaning of the terms \xe2\x80\x9cuniversal\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9canytime\xe2\x80\x9d is manifold here: the test should be able to measure the intelligence of any biological or artificial system that exists at this time or in the future. It should also be able to evaluate both inept and brilliant systems (any intelligence level) as well as very slow to very fast systems (any time scale). Also, the test may be interrupted at any time, producing an approximation to the intelligence score, in such a way that the more time is left for the test, the better the assessment will be. In order to do this, our test proposal is based on previous works on the measurement of machine intelligence based on Kolmogorov complexity and universal distributions, which were developed in the late 1990s (C-tests and compression-enhanced Turing tests). It is also based on the more recent idea of measuring intelligence through dynamic/interactive tests held against a universal distribution of environments. We discuss some of these tests and highlight their limitations since we want to construct a test that is both general and practical. Consequently, we introduce many new ideas that develop early \xe2\x80\x9ccompression tests\xe2\x80\x9d and the more recent definition of \xe2\x80\x9cuniversal intelligence\xe2\x80\x9d in order to design new \xe2\x80\x9cuniversal intelligence tests\xe2\x80\x9d, where a feasible implementation has been a design requirement. One of these tests is the \xe2\x80\x9canytime intelligence test\xe2\x80\x9d, which adapts to the examinee's level of intelligence in order to obtain an intelligence score within a limited time."

Title: 'Review ArticleMultiple criteria facility location problems: A survey'
Author: 'Reza Zanjirani'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0307904X09003242
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper provides a review on recent efforts and development in multi-criteria location problems in three categories including bi-objective, multi-objective and multi-attribute problems and their solution methods. Also, it provides an overview on various criteria used. While there are a few chapters or sections in different location books related to this topic, we have not seen any comprehensive review papers or book chapter that can cover it. We believe this paper can be used as a complementary and updated version.'

Title: 'Guest editorial'
Author: 'Mo. M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309811000423
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Coordinaci\xc3\xb3n de sistemas con diferentes din\xc3\xa1micas utilizando conceptos de invarianza geom\xc3\xa9trica y modos deslizantesSystems coordination: using geometric set invariance and sliding modes ideas'
Author: 'Alejandro'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1697791213000587
Abstract: 'ResumenDentro de las posibles acepciones de la palabra, en este trabajo hablaremos de coordinaci\xc3\xb3n para referirnos a la acci\xc3\xb3n de actuar sobre las referencias de los sistemas para lograr alg\xc3\xban comportamiento colectivo deseado pero considerando las restricciones y capacidades de cada sistema. Con este objetivo, se desarrolla una novedosa metodolog\xc3\xada basada en t\xc3\xa9cnicas de acondicionamiento de referencia utilizando invarianza geom\xc3\xa9trica de conjuntos y control por modos deslizantes. A partir de un marco general, se proponen dos enfoques: uno global del tipo sistema supervisor, y otro local a trav\xc3\xa9s de interacciones entre los distintos sistemas, generando una red de interacciones.La metodolog\xc3\xada desarrollada permite abordar el el problema de coordinaci\xc3\xb3n de sistemas cuya din\xc3\xa1mica no necesariamente es igual para todos los sistemas, pudiendo ser lineal, no lineal, de diferente orden, con restricciones, etc. Para ello, la din\xc3\xa1mica propia de cada sub-sistema se mantiene oculta al sistema de coordinaci\xc3\xb3n. Por otro lado, el sistema de coordinaci\xc3\xb3n dispone s\xc3\xb3lo de la informaci\xc3\xb3n necesaria sobre las limitaciones y restricciones de cada sistema. La idea principal de enfoque de este trabajo es que para coordinar varios sistemas es necesario modular las referencias locales de cada uno, teniendo en cuenta los objetivos globales, las interacciones locales y las capacidades de cada uno de los sistemas.AbstractAmong the possible meanings of the word, this paper will discuss coordinated action to refer to the act on references of systems to achieve some collective behavior desired but considering the constraints and capabilities of each system. To this end, we develop a new methodology based on conditioning techniques reference using geometric invariance sets and sliding mode control. From a general framework, we propose two approaches: a global centralized one and a local through interactions between different systems.The approach addresses the problem of coordinating dynamical systems with possibly different dynamics (e.g. linear and nonlinear, different orders, constraints, etc.).The main idea is to shape the systems local feasible references in order to keep them coordinated.To show the applicability of the approach, the problem of coordinating different dynamical systems with control saturations is addressed as a particular case with both global and local configuration.'

Title: 'Full length ArticleOn a simplified nonlinear analytical model for the characterisation and design optimisation of a compliant XY micro-motion stage'
Author: 'Xavier'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0736584516304136
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A simplified analytical model of a compliant XY micro-motion stage is proposed.\xe2\x80\xa2The model takes into account the nonlinear bending of the compliant beams.\xe2\x80\xa2The model requires significantly less computation time than FEA.\xe2\x80\xa2The model is useful for design optimisation of parallelogram-based compliant stage.\xe2\x80\xa2The results are in accordance with the Finite Element Model (FEA) and experimental results.AbstractCompliant micro-positioning stages offer low-cost high precision and repeatability but limited workspace and nonlinear behaviour. The conventional modelling techniques used to characterise micro-motion stages are often either complex or inaccurate for large displacements. New methods have recently been developed with satisfying results. However, the presented models often focus on one part of the stage characterisation. This paper presents an analytical model used to characterise a compliant XY micro-motion stage in terms of stiffness and working range, taking into account the stress and buckling limitations, motion loss and parasitic displacements. The presented model combines a 6-degree-of-freedom (DOF) linear model and a simplified 2-DOF nonlinear static model. As a case study, this model is used for the design of a micro-motion stage which is intended to be the fine positioning system for a hybrid miniaturised product assembly system. The results generated by the analytical model, the finite element analysis (FEA) and the experimental testing are all in agreement. The analytical model is therefore proven to be suitable for a full characterisation and design optimisation; reducing the computation time from a few hours to a few minutes when using MATLAB rather than FEA software. Its ability to predict the output displacement as a function of the input displacement with a maximum error of less than 2% also makes it suitable for open-loop control. The travel range of the fabricated stage is greater than \xc2\xb12.3\xc2\xa0mm2 and the maximum cross-coupling error is less than 2.5%.'

Title: 'Modelling social action for AI agents'
Author: 'Cristiano'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370298000563
Abstract: "AbstractIn the new AI of the 90s an important stream is artificial social intelligence. In this work basic ontological categories for social action, structure, and mind are introduced. Sociality (social action, social structure) is let emerge from the action and intelligence of individual agents in a common world. Also some aspects of the way-down\xe2\x80\x94how emergent collective phenomena shape the individual mind\xe2\x80\x94are examined. First, interference and dependence are defined, and then different kinds of coordination (reactive versus anticipatory; unilateral versus bilateral; selfish versus collaborative) are characterised. \xe2\x80\x9cWeak social action\xe2\x80\x9d, based on beliefs about the mind of the other agents, and \xe2\x80\x9cstrong social action\xe2\x80\x9d, based on goals about others' minds and their actions, are distinguished. Special attention is paid to Goal Delegation and Goal Adoption that are considered as the basic ingredients of social commitment and contract, and then of exchange, cooperation, group action, and organisation. Different levels of delegation and then of autonomy of the delegated agent are described; and different levels of goal-adoption are shown to characterise true collaboration. Social goals in the minds of the group members are argued to be the real glue of joint activity, and the notion of social commitment, as different from individual and from collective commitment, is underlined. The necessity for modelling social objective structures and constraints is emphasised and the \xe2\x80\x9cshared mind\xe2\x80\x9d view of groups and organisations is criticised. The spontaneous and unaware emergence of a dependence structure is explained, as well as its feedback on the participants' minds and behaviours. Critical observations are presented on current confusions such as that between \xe2\x80\x9csocial\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9ccollective\xe2\x80\x9d action, or between communication and social action.The main claims of the paper are the following: (a) The real foundation of all sociality (cooperation, competition, groups, organisation, etc.) is the individual social action and mind. One cannot reduce or connect action at the collective level to action at the individual level unless one passes through the social character of the individual action, (b) Important levels of coordination and cooperation necessarily require minds and cognitive agents (beliefs, desires, intentions, etc.). (c) However, cognition, communication and agreement are not enough for modelling and implementing cooperation: emergent pre-cognitive structures and constraints should be formalised, and emergent forms of cooperation are needed also among planning and deliberative agents, (d) We are going towards a synthetic paradigm in AI and Cognitive Science, reconciling situatedness and plans, reactivity and mental representations, cognition, emergence and self-organisation."

Title: 'Overview of Bayesian sequential Monte Carlo methods for group and extended object tracking'
Author: 'Lyudmila'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1051200413002716
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2An overview is provided of key sequential Monte Carlo methods for group and extended object tracking.\xe2\x80\xa2Current achievements, trends and challenges are presented.\xe2\x80\xa2Efficient implementations of sequential Monte Carlo algorithms in distributed and parallel ways.AbstractThis work presents the current state-of-the-art in techniques for tracking a number of objects moving in a coordinated and interacting fashion. Groups are structured objects characterized with particular motion patterns. The group can be comprised of a small number of interacting objects (e.g. pedestrians, sport players, convoy of cars) or of hundreds or thousands of components such as crowds of people. The group object tracking is closely linked with extended object tracking but at the same time has particular features which differentiate it from extended objects. Extended objects, such as in maritime surveillance, are characterized by their kinematic states and their size or volume. Both group and extended objects give rise to a varying number of measurements and require trajectory maintenance. An emphasis is given here to sequential Monte Carlo (SMC) methods and their variants. Methods for small groups and for large groups are presented, including Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods, the random matrices approach and Random Finite Set Statistics methods. Efficient real-time implementations are discussed which are able to deal with the high dimensionality and provide high accuracy. Future trends and avenues are traced.Graphical abstractIllustration of Tracking Groups/Extended Objects with the Bayesian approach. The peaks of the posterior state probability density function (shown on the top) correspond to the two groups G1 and G2 (visualized at the bottom). Based on the peaks one can deduce where the positions of the groups are.Download full-size image'

Title: 'Finite-time consensus in directed switching network topologies and time-delayed communications'
Author: 'H.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309811000113
Abstract: 'AbstractThere are many practical situations where it is desirable or even required to achieve stable convergence in the finite-time domain. In this paper, a simple distributed continuous-time protocol is introduced that guarantees finite-time consensus in networks of autonomous agents. Protocol convergence in weighted directed/undirected and fixed/switching networks is explored based on a Lyapunov analysis. The stability of the system and the solvability of the consensus algorithm are proved for network topologies that contain a spanning tree frequently enough over contiguous time intervals. The decision value for different topologies and for multi-rate integrator agents is investigated, and a novel approach is proposed to determine the leader subgroup of agents. Communication time-delay and chattering phenomenon in the system are assessed, and additionally some protocols with Lipschitz right-hand sides are introduced. Herein, all proposed consensus strategies use a limited-gain control input to account for the physical limitation of control actuation devices, which, in general, are subject to amplitude saturation.'

Title: 'ArticlePunctuated Evolution of Prostate Cancer Genomes'
Author: 'Sylvan\xc2\xa0C.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0092867413003437
Abstract: 'SummaryThe analysis of exonic DNA from prostate cancers has identified recurrently mutated genes, but the spectrum of genome-wide alterations has not been profiled extensively in this disease. We sequenced the genomes of 57 prostate tumors and matched normal tissues to characterize somatic alterations and to study how they accumulate during oncogenesis and progression. By modeling the genesis of genomic rearrangements, we identified abundant DNA translocations and deletions that arise in a highly interdependent manner. This phenomenon, which we term \xe2\x80\x9cchromoplexy,\xe2\x80\x9d frequently accounts for the dysregulation of prostate cancer genes and appears to disrupt multiple cancer genes coordinately. Our modeling suggests that chromoplexy may induce considerable genomic derangement over relatively few events in prostate cancer and other neoplasms, supporting a model of punctuated cancer evolution. By characterizing the clonal hierarchy of genomic lesions in prostate tumors, we charted a path of oncogenic events along which chromoplexy may drive prostate carcinogenesis.Graphical AbstractDownload high-res image (248KB)Download full-size imageHighlights\xe2\x96\xba Interdependent DNA rearrangements may coordinately remodel prostate cancer genomes \xe2\x96\xba \xe2\x80\x9cChromoplexy\xe2\x80\x9d defines a distinct class of complex structural rearrangements \xe2\x96\xba Multiple prostate cancer genes may be dysregulated coordinately \xe2\x96\xba Clonal evolution reveals paths of prostate cancer progression'

Title: 'Research noteFuzzy genetic algorithm approach for optimization of surge tanks'
Author: 'M.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1026309813000370
Abstract: 'AbstractThe fundamental goal of a pipeline utility is to serve its customers with a low cost water supply of acceptable quality. The number, type, size, and location of transient protective devices play a direct role in the pipeline system reliability and expenditure. The purpose of this study is to optimize the design of these devices to prevent water column separation after source pump power failure. The minimum pressures along the pipeline are assumed to be higher than \xe2\x80\x9c\xe2\x88\x9210\xc2\xa0m\xe2\x80\x9d to avoid water column separation. A rational, systematic, and efficient optimization algorithm is constructed by combining the Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) and the Genetic Algorithm (GA). The FIS representing expert knowledge is incorporated into the GA approach to improve its fitness evaluation process. Three cases are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed hybrid approach.'

Title: 'Scientific Program\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2210983814000121
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'RESEARCH PAPERNano-hydrocarbon and the accumulation in coexisting source and reservoir'
Author: 'Caineng'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876380412600111
Abstract: "AbstractBy comparison of the types, geological characteristics and exploration technologies of conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon, this paper proposes the concept of \xe2\x80\x9cnano-hydrocarbon\xe2\x80\x9d and regard nano-hydrocarbon as the development direction of oil and gas industry in the future. Nano-hydrocarbon refers to the research and production, by nano-technology, of oil and gas accumulated in the reservoir system of nano-sized pore-throats. It is mainly distributed in source rocks and the neighbouring tight reservoirs and includes shale oil, shale gas, coal-bed methane, tight sandstone oil and gas, tight limestone oil and so on, with nano-sized diameter of pore-throats in reservoirs. Oil, gas and water in nano-sized pore-throats exhibit poor percolation and phase separation, and are mainly driven by ultra-pressure, thus existing pervasively and continuously in the coexisting tight source and reservoir rocks. China's petroliferous basins develop multiple series such as coexisting tight source and reservoir, carbonate fractures and cavities, volcanic fractures and cavities, and metamorphic rock fractures. Among the series, the first type is located in the center or on the slopes of the basins, where nano-hydrocarbons are accumulated extensively within or near sources and are dominant potential sources. With accumulations within coexisting source and reservoir in the Ordos Basin and Sichuan Basin as examples, the method of \xe2\x80\x9ctwo lines and one area\xe2\x80\x9d to prospect continuous-type hydrocarbon accumulation is proposed, i.e. the top and bottom boundaries of a set of coexisting source and reservoir and the boundaries of hydrocarbon accumulation as lines, and \xe2\x80\x9csweet spot\xe2\x80\x9d distributing core area as the main exploration target."

Title: 'Wize Mirror - a smart, multisensory cardio-metabolic risk monitoring system'
Author: 'Yasmina'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1077314216300224
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A multi-sensor device for health self-monitoring and assessment is proposed.\xe2\x80\xa2A real-time head pose estimation and tracking method is introduced.\xe2\x80\xa2An inexpensive 3D scanner facilitating facial morphology analysis is described.\xe2\x80\xa2Face 3D shape analysis facilitates tracking changes in weight and BMI index.\xe2\x80\xa2The evaluation of stress and anxiety seems possible using dynamic facial features.AbstractIn the recent years personal health monitoring systems have been gaining popularity, both as a result of the pull from the general population, keen to improve well-being and early detection of possibly serious health conditions and the push from the industry eager to translate the current significant progress in computer vision and machine learning into commercial products. One of such systems is the Wize Mirror, built as a result of the FP7 funded SEMEOTICONS (SEMEiotic Oriented Technology for Individuals CardiOmetabolic risk self-assessmeNt and Self-monitoring) project. The project aims to translate the semeiotic code of the human face into computational descriptors and measures, automatically extracted from videos, multispectral images, and 3D scans of the face. The multisensory platform, being developed as the result of that project, in the form of a smart mirror, looks for signs related to cardio-metabolic risks. The goal is to enable users to self-monitor their well-being status over time and improve their life-style via tailored user guidance. This paper is focused on the description of the part of that system, utilising computer vision and machine learning techniques to perform 3D morphological analysis of the face and recognition of psycho-somatic status both linked with cardio-metabolic risks. The paper describes the concepts, methods and the developed implementations as well as reports on the results obtained on both real and synthetic datasets.'

Title: 'Theoretical advances in artificial immune systems'
Author: 'J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304397508001059
Abstract: 'AbstractArtificial immune systems (AIS) constitute a relatively new area of bio-inspired computing. Biological models of the natural immune system, in particular the theories of clonal selection, immune networks and negative selection, have provided the inspiration for AIS algorithms. Moreover, such algorithms have been successfully employed in a wide variety of different application areas. However, despite these practical successes, until recently there has been a dearth of theory to justify their use. In this paper, the existing theoretical work on AIS is reviewed. After the presentation of a simple example of each of the three main types of AIS algorithm (that is, clonal selection, immune network and negative selection algorithms respectively), details of the theoretical analysis for each of these types are given. Some of the future challenges in this area are also highlighted.'

Title: 'Abstract7th World Congress for Hair Research Abstracts'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022202X15362114
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'A review of numerical analysis of friction stir welding'
Author: 'Xiaocong'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0079642514000267
Abstract: 'AbstractFriction stir welding is a relatively new solid-state joining technique which is widely adopted in different industry fields to join different metallic alloys that are hard to weld by conventional fusion welding. Friction stir welding is a highly complex process comprising several highly coupled physical phenomena. The complex geometry of some kinds of joints and their three dimensional nature make it difficult to develop an overall system of governing equations for theoretical analyzing the behavior of the friction stir welded joints. The experiments are often time consuming and costly. To overcome these problems, numerical analysis has frequently been used since the 2000s. This paper reviews the latest developments in the numerical analysis of friction stir welding processes, microstructures of friction stir welded joints and the properties of friction stir welded structures. Some important numerical issues such as materials flow modeling, meshing procedure and failure criteria are discussed. Numerical analysis of friction stir welding will allow many different welding processes to be simulated in order to understand the effects of changes in different system parameters before physical testing, which would be time-consuming or prohibitively expensive in practice. The main methods used in numerical analysis of friction stir welding are discussed and illustrated with brief case studies. In addition, several important key problems and issues remain to be addressed about the numerical analysis of friction stir welding and opportunities for further research are identified.'

Title: 'Abstracts cont.'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1198743X15300707
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Oral presentations'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1198743X14648977
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Index'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0014579392800063
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Electrical EngineeringFuzzy Life-Extending Control of Anti-Lock Braking System'
Author: 'Ahmed M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090447913000051
Abstract: 'AbstractThe repeated operation of the Anti-Lock Braking System (ABS) causes accumulation of structural damages in its different subsystems leading to reduction in their functional life time. This paper proposes a Fuzzy Logic based Life-Extending Control (FLEC) system for increasing the service life of the ABS. FLEC achieves significant improvement in service life by the trade-off between satisfactory dynamic performance and safe operation. The proposed FLEC incorporates structural damage model of the ABS. The model utilizes the dynamic behavior of the ABS and predicts the wear rates of the brake pads/disc. Based on the predicted wear rates, the proposed fuzzy logic controller modifies its control strategy on-line to keep safe operation leading to increase in service time of the ABS. FLEC is fine tuned via genetic algorithm and its effectiveness is verified through simulations of emergency stops of a passenger vehicle model.'

