Title: 'Original Article/ResearchEcological integrity and environmental protection for Vijayawada region \xe2\x80\x93 Scattered Eastern Ghats'
Author: 'Srikonda'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212609015000102
Abstract: 'AbstractThe ecological integrity is widely discussed as a new concept by several ecologists and environmentalists. A consensus in this regard is yet to be derived for its definition. Human intervention for its developmental activities results in several environmental changes that enhance some species, ecosystem and ecological processes while at the same time brings irrecoverable damage to the Planet Earth. It is essential and crucial to focus research and scientific analysis and establish awareness and education to provide a means of distinguishing responses between improvements in quality of ecosystem and those of damages. The focus of this paper is to emphasize the organized urban planning at a macro level and the architectural design interventions at the micro level in Vijayawada where eco \xe2\x80\x93 sensitivity exists with due consideration to ecological integrity and environmental protection. The ecological dynamics of continuity indicated that hillocks of Vijayawada region are a part of Eastern Ghats. The study is to elaborate that the landscape, eco-patches and its connectivity establishes a unique corridor to strengthen ecological system and as a green corridor to Vijayawada city to fulfill the demands of the city and also to create the ecological patch connectivity to scattered Eastern Ghats especially in the Krishna-Guntur region which connects the Nallamala hills through Kondapalli hill toward Sothern side and to the Papikondalu at the northern side of Eastern Ghats. These corridors may even support environmental conservation and provides rural edge in urban context and functions as lung spaces to ease the heat island effect of urban settlement. So the explicit development controls have been derived to guide and organize at micro level so as to achieve the macro level considerations of ecological integrity.'

Title: 'Tidal intrusion within a mega delta: An unstructured grid modelling approach'
Author: 'Lucy M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0272771416303791
Abstract: "AbstractThe finite volume community ocean model (FVCOM) has been applied to the Ganges-Brahmaputra-Meghna (GBM) delta in the northern part of the Bay of Bengal in order to simulate tidal hydrodynamics and freshwater flow in a complex river system. The delta region is data-poor in observations of both bathymetry and water level; making it a challenge for accurate hydrodynamic models be configured for and validated in this area. This is the first 3D baroclinic model covering the whole GBM delta from deep water beyond the shelf break to 250\xc2\xa0km inland, the limit of tidal penetration.This paper examines what controls tidal penetration from the open coast into an intricate system of river channels. A modelling approach is used to improve understanding of the hydrodynamics of the GBM delta system. Tidal penetration is controlled by a combination of bathymetry, channel geometry, bottom friction, and river flow. The simulated tides must be validated before this delta model is used further to investigate baroclinic processes, river salinity and future change in this area. The performance of FVCOM tidal model configuration is evaluated at a range of sites in order to assess its ability to capture water levels which vary over both a tidal and seasonal cycle.FVCOM is seen to capture the leading tidal constituents well at coastal tide gauge stations, with small root-mean-squared errors of 10\xc2\xa0cm on average. Inland, the model compares favourably with twice daily observed water levels at thirteen stations where it is able to capture both tidal and annual timescales in the estuarine system. When the river discharge is particularly strong, the tidal range can be reduced as the tide and river are in direct competition.The bathymetry is found to be the most influential control on water levels within the delta, though tidal penetration can be significantly affected by the model's bottom roughness, and the inclusion of large river discharge. We discuss the generic problem of implementing a model in a data-poor region and the challenge of validating a hydrodynamic model from the open coast to narrow river channels."

Title: 'Review ArticleConservation status of some endangered mammals in Barak Valley, Northeast India'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X18300542
Abstract: 'AbstractFrom the ancient time, the Northeast part of India is rich in biodiversity because of its diverse topographic, climatic features. Different varieties of mammalian, avian, and herpetofauna are endemic to this region. Unfortunately, life of this diverse flora and fauna is in jeopardy due to serious anthropogenic pressure. Once a large number of globally important species sustained in the Barak Valley. However, with the increasing population and subsequent demand on natural resources and developing activities, many of the species are no more found in the valley. If the conservation action is not initiated, the remaining species will also vanish with time. This article highlights the distribution and conservation problems of four endangered species in the Barak Valley of Assam, India and recommended conservation tactics.'

