'The wetlands of 21 countries and territories of the Pacific Islands region are reviewed: American Samoa, Cook Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Nauru, New Caledonia, Niue, Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tokelau, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, and Wallis and Futuna. The wetlands are classified into seven systems: coral reefs, seagrass beds, mangrove swamps, riverine, lacustrine, freshwater swamp forests and marshes. The diversity of species in each of these groups is at near global maxima at the west of the region, with decline towards the east with increasing isolation, and decreasing island size and age. The community structure is unique in each country, and many have endemic species with the habitat isolation that epitomises this island region. There remain, however, some serious gaps in basic inventory, particularly in freshwater biodiversity. Threats to wetlands include introduced freshwater species, loss of wetlands adjacent to urban growth, downstream effects of mining and land clearance, and over-use of mangrove, seagrass and coral reef resources by predominant subsistence economies that remain in this region. Only five countries are signatories to the Ramsar convention on wetlands, and this only recently with seven sites. Wetland managers have identified the need for community education, baseline surveys and monitoring, better legislation and policy for wetland management, and improved capacity of local communities to allow the wise use of their wetlands.'



"The Pacific Islands or Oceania, typically subdivided into Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia, have witnessed a virtual explosion of archaeological research, as indicated by this review of the past 5 years' literature. Most recent work centers on one or more of six major themes. Two themes are concerned with the movement of people into the Pacific region: the discovery of Pleistocene-age sites in island Melanesia and the search for early assemblages evidencing Austronesian dispersals. Substantial efforts have also focused on reconstructing prehistoric economic behavior and on assessing the impacts that colonizing human populations had on isolated and fragile island ecosystems. In the realm of social archaeology, Oceanic studies have contributed to understanding the long-term dimensions of interisland exchange and to the rise of complex, hierarchical sociopolitical systems, especially chiefdoms."



'BackgroundIn Solomon Islands, forests have provided people with ecological services while being affected by human use and protection. This study used a quantitative ethnobotanical analysis to explore the interaction and its transformation in Roviana, Solomon Islands. We compared local plant and land uses between a rural village and urbanized village. Special attention was paid to how local people depend on biodiversity and how traditional human modifications of forest contribute to biodiversity conservation.MethodsAfter defining locally recognized land-use classes, vegetation surveys were conducted in seven forest classes. For detailed observations of daily plant uses, 15 and 17 households were randomly selected in the rural and urban villages, respectively. We quantitatively documented the plant species that were used as food, medicine, building materials, and tools.ResultsThe vegetation survey revealed that each local forest class represented a different vegetative community with relatively low similarity between communities. Although commercial logging operations and agriculture were both prohibited in the customary nature reserve, local people were allowed to cut down trees for their personal use and to take several types of non-timber forest products. Useful trees were found at high frequencies in the barrier primary forest (68.4%) and the main reserve (68.3%). Various useful tree species were found only in the reserve forest and seldom available in the urban village. In the rural village, customary governance and control over the use of forest resources by the local people still functioned.ConclusionsHuman modifications of the forest created unique vegetation communities, thus increasing biodiversity overall. Each type of forest had different species that varied in their levels of importance to the local subsistence lifestyle, and the behaviors, such as respect for forest reserves and the semidomestication of some species, contributed to conserving diversity. Urbanization threatened this interaction. Although the status of biodiversity in human-modified landscapes is not fully understood, this study suggested that traditional human modifications can positively affect biodiversity and that conservation programs should incorporate traditional uses of landscapes to be successful.'



'Over millennia of breadfruit cultivation, hundreds of named cultivars have been developed that display a high degree of morphological diversity. The current study was undertaken to evaluate morphological diversity within the National Tropical Botanical breadfruit germplasm collection, the largest and most diverse breadfruit collection in the world. A set of 57 standardized morphological descriptors including 29 leaf, 22 fruit, four seed, and two male inflorescence characteristics were used to describe and contrast 221 accessions of breadfruit including accessions of Artocarpus camansi Blanco, A. altilis (Parkinson) Fosberg, A. mariannensis early generation A. mariannensis hybrids, and domesticated A. mariannensis hybrids. A morphological transition from heavily seeded fruit covered with flexible spines to fewer seeded, smoother skinned fruit of similar size was observed in the domestication of A. altilis from A. camansi. Further selection of true seedless, smooth-skinned cultivars of A. altilis appears to have occurred with human migrations from Melanesia into Polynesia. Cultivars from Micronesia exhibit morphological characteristics indicative of hybridization with the endemic species A. mariannensis. These data were used to generate a multi-access cultivar identification key on the Lucid platform that can be used to identify trees of known cultivars or to predict nearest cultivar relationships for previously undescribed cultivars. Overall, this study provides new insights into the morphological changes that occurred during domestication, helps visualize the diversity that exists across geographical regions, and provides a framework for cultivar identification and germplasm conservation.'



'Two species,Canarium salomonense B. L. Burtt andC. indicum L. were formerly used by Solomon Islands cultures as principal sources of food (seeds), resin, and wood as well as a variety of ceremonial activities. Although the species are botanically quite similar, Babatana and Ririo speakers from Lauru (Choiseul) Island considerC. salomonense superior for many uses, particularly in activities of special spiritual significance. Ethnographic interviews were used to quantitatively evaluate hypotheses about community perceptions of differences between the species. Weighted and unweighted evaluations were made within emic activity categories based upon frequency of interaction withCanarium and importance of species selectivity within the interaction activity. No significant difference was found between the species based upon unweighted frequency of use within activity categories. However, C. salomonese is significantly more important for use in activities when its relative cultural importance was used to weight the comparison. This example supports a broad conclusion that importance of a species to a culture is more complex than its simple usefulness.'



"Island Southeast Asia extends across both the equatorial and the intermediate tropical zones of world climate, and it also spans a region of complex and geologically unstable land and sea relationships. The Sundaland region in the west and the isolated islands of Wallacea in the east both witnessed complex trajectories of human movement and evolution during the Pleistocene. The record of human evolution in Sundaland is still affected by uncertainties over phylogeny, dates, and archaeological correlations. Initial human settlement across Huxley's Line into Wallacea cannot at present be proven to be older than the Late Pleistocene. Stone tool industries dating to within the past 40,000 years are described, including new discoveries which indicate a surprising level of technological virtuosity. Human populations of the Late Pleistocene and Holocene are also considered in terms of skeletal and genetic data, particularly with respect to the rather controversial antecedents of the present, mainly Mongoloid, population. The article terminates its coverage at about 2000 B.C., within the period characterized by the expansion of speakers of Austronesian languages and by the expansion of agriculture into a porous and often-resistant network of hunter-gatherer societies. The archaeological and ethnographic records of the region bear witness to a continuous but dwindling existence of hunting and gathering right through to the present day. While the results of archaeology occupy a central position in the reconstruction of Southeast Asian prehistory, a proper understanding can be achieved only if a multidisciplinary standpoint is adopted."



'Recent archaeological research has fundamentally altered our understanding of the scope of past human impacts on nondomesticated animal populations. Predictions derived from foraging theory concerning the abundance histories of high-return human prey and diet breadth have been met in many parts of the world. People are known to have introduced a broad variety of nondomesticated animals, from sponges to agoutis and rats, to a remarkably broad set of contexts, in turn causing a wide variety of secondary impacts. By increasing the incidence of fire, human colonists have in some cases transformed the nature of the vegetation on the colonized landscape, in turn dramatically affecting animal populations on those landscapes. In island settings, these triple threats--predation, biotic introductions, and vegetation alteration--routinely led to extinctions but there is no archaeological evidence that small-scale societies caused extinction by predation alone on islands or continents. Indeed, the recent history of this famous argument suggests that it is better seen as a statement of faith about the past rather than as an appeal to reason. Perhaps most importantly, our burgeoning knowledge of past human impacts on animals has important implications for the conservation biology of the future.'



'The south Pacific region contains a large genetic resource for the genetic improvement of coconut palms (Cocos nucifera L.). A study of the diversity in the species was made during 1992/3 using fruit component analysis on a representative sample from 29 distinct south Pacific populations in order to characterise the germplasm present in the region. A large diversity in fruit morphology was found that ranged from populations exhibiting wild-type characters in central Pacific to populations displaying domesticated characteristics in Rennell Island, the Sikaiana Islands, the Marquesas Islands, and in Papua New Guinea. Many populations exhibited fruit characteristics intermediate between the two, which were thought to have arisen due to introgressive hybridisation between the wild and domesticated populations. Continuous variation in fruit morphology was found in these populations, and cluster analysis arbitrarily divided the continuum into discrete groups which were consistent with geographic affinities. Groups were defined in Melanesia, Western Polynesia and Eastern Polynesia. The continuum displayed clinal variation from populations with small fruit and low husk content in the west to large fruit and more husk in the east of the region. The wild and domesticated populations were found in disjunct pockets throughout the area, and did not form part of the clines. Most populations consisted of a wide range of fruit morphology, from individuals expressing wild-type characters to those with domestic-type characters. The occurrence of both wild and domesticated populations within the clinal variation indicates that further exploration should be made to determine the presence of other potentially useful populations. While this activity is proceeding, collection and conservation can proceed using the classification already defined.'



'A vast radiation of hydrobiid spring snails endemic to New Caledonia, a continental island in the Southwest Pacific known for its unique flora and fauna, is described. This radiation comprises a total of 54 named species of which 50 are new. The majority of the species belong to the most basal genus, Hemistomia, which happens to be the first one described from New Caledonia. The remaining species are attributed to four genera, Kanakyella, Pidaconomus, Caledoconcha, and Leiorhagium, which are all introduced in this paper.The radiation as a whole is characterized by the formation of the digestive gland, the stomach with an additional, ciliated proximal chamber, and the subdivision of the pallial oviduct. Whether or not a denticle situated behind the outer lip is a synapomorphy of the whole group cannot be stated with certainty. The genera are distinguished mainly by features of the genital system. For the cladistic analysis, which resulted in 419 equally parsimonious trees, only five characters could be used, and even those were not free of homoplasy. The genera Hemistomia and Pidaconomus are paraphyletic according to this analysis. In contrast to the widely accepted principles of phylogenetic systematics we retain these paraphyletic genera, because otherwise the diversification, i.e. the evolution, which has taken place within the clade could not be expressed in the classification.The majority of the species occur in very restricted areas. Twenty-six (48%) species were found in a single locality and only six species (11%) in ten or more places. The hydrobiid diversity of west coast drainages is much higher than that of river systems draining to the east. This is, at least partly, explained by the differing precipitation regimes and geological conditions of the regions considered. The west coast receives much less rainfall so that in continuous periods of drought the area of a species would be fragmented by drying up of springs and consequently gene flow between the remaining populations reduced, enhancing speciation. In addition, the west is geologically more heterogenous. Unfavourable, insular ultramafic mountains represent barriers for the dispersal along the west coast.Many of the taxa are highly threatened to become extinct in the closer future as a consequence of human activities, such as deforestation, agriculture, surface mining, or uncontrolled fires. The conservation of the unique New Caledonian radiation of crenobiontic gastropods requires a transformation of land management practices on privately-owned sites, and a more global reappraisal of the impact of fire and deforestation on water resources.'



'We propose the integration of six data layers (topography, isohyets, soil potential, household localization, vegetation types and land lease titles) to assess the constraints facing food production in Vanuatu, Melanesia. All layers are digitalized allowing area computations of polygons associated with the various data sets. For each island, the following are computed: total area, good arable land area, coconut plantations, pastures/grasslands, area under land lease titles and average accessible good land per household. Although Vanuatu is often considered as not densely populated results indicate great variation among islands. The average area of good land per household varies from on the island of Tegua (North) to on Futuna (South). Shifting cultivation does not appear to be a serious threat to the environment. The establishment of coconut plantations and permanent pastures represents the main cause of deforestation and contributes to increased pressure on land used for food production. The integration of layers of data is a powerful tool for improving environmental planning in an archipelago under growing human pressure and natural changes.'



'The goal of biodiversity hotspots is to identify regions around the world where conservation priorities should be focused. We undertake a geographic information system and remote sensing analysis to identify the rarest and least protected forests in biodiversity hotspots. World Wildlife Fund ecoregions with terrestrial forest were subset from 34 biodiversity hotspots and forest cover calculated from GlobCover data at a pixel resolution. There were 276 ecoregions in 32 biodiversity hotspots classified as containing terrestrial forests. When the first quartile of forest ecoregions was subset based on smallest extent of forest cover in protected areas, there were 69 rare forests identified within 20 biodiversity hotspots. Most rare forest ecoregions (45) occurred on islands or island archipelagos and 47 rare forest ecoregions contained less than forest cover in protected areas. San Ambrosio Islands Temperate Forests, Tubuai Tropical Moist Forests, Maldives-Lakshadweep-Chagos Archipelago Tropical Moist Forests, and Yap Tropical Dry Forests were identified as the least protected and possibly most vulnerable forests within biodiversity hotspots. These ecoregions cover less than forest cover is less than and there are no protected areas. There is a need to update classifications and boundaries of protected areas, insure that islands are included in global land cover datasets, and identify levels of endemism and endangerment within forest ecoregions. This should improve our ability to compare, prioritize, and monitor forests in biodiversity hotspots.'



'Subsistence agriculture in the Pacific Islands has a complex prehistory centered on western Melanesia. Based on an analysis of cultigen provenience, a sequential model of a three-tiered crop structure of indigenous agricultural systems has been derived: (1) The independent early domestication of endemic species in the New Guinea region; (2) introduction of species from Southeast Asia; (3) the advent of American crop plants. The temporal sequence has archaeological and linguistic confirmation of 10 000 years ago for the beginnings of agriculture, 6000 years for Southeast Asian introduction, with the sweet potato contributing in Polynesia in prehistory, and in Melanesia only in post-Columbian times. Recent research directed toward issues of domestication in New Guinea and subsistence prehistory in Australia on three genera,Canarium, Colocasia andIpomoea, exemplify under-recognized resources with quite different potentials for economic botany. Unlike past exploitation of indigenous plant resources, future users of plants such as those exemplified, and especially where commercialization is involved, cannot avoid addressing intellectual property rights that pertain to species domesticated, selected or conserved by peoples of the non-industri-alized world.'



'The islands of remote Polynesia (east of Rotuma, Samoa, Tonga and New Zealand) have long been thought to contain few, if any, native ants. The findings of recent sediment core studies, however, challenge this conventional wisdom and indicate some species may be native. The majority of ant species in remote Polynesia, however, are introductions from tropical and subtropical regions around the world. Despite this diversity of origins, and the lack of a common coevolutionary history in the region, patterns of organization in remote Polynesian ant communities are generally similar to those observed in coevolved continental areas. The distribution of ant species across Polynesia is consistent with a primary mechanism of anthropogenic introductions, with the availability of suitable habitat as a secondary mechanism. The species-area relationship for better-collected Polynesian islands reveals these islands are depauperate compared to Melanesian islands with endemic species. Four out of five of the invasive ant species are present in remote Polynesia. Recent studies have documented how range expansions of such ant species have had detrimental effects on native arthropod populations, although the overall effects of introduced ants per se on endemic island arthropods may never be known with certainty. Considering the relatively fragile nature of island ecosystems, and the potential transformative effects of invasive ants on arthropod communities, vigilance is required to prevent the spread of invasive ant species across Polynesia.'



'Traditional medicines, the mainstay of medical treatment for virtually all minor ailments in many developing countries, have been tapped for the production of new therapeutics in the sustenance of human health and well-being. Vulnerable to the vicissitudes of globalization issues such as intellectual property rights, trade and gender are of relevance in the Pacific region that is a source of some unique traditional healing systems.'



'The biodiversity hotspot concept was defined by Myers in 1988 to determine priority areas for conservation. They have high endemism levels and have lost more than 70% of their original vegetated area. To date, there is little information on arthropod diversity in these zones. This work focuses on the biodiversity of the Phytoseiidae (Acari), one of the best known among the order Mesostigmata, in these threatened areas. These mites are usually predators and they are worldwide spread. Geographic distribution of phytoseiids in 27 biodiversity hostspots was assessed from data of the last world catalogue published in 2004. One thousand two hundred and thirty species are reported from at least one hotspot (62% of the total species number) and 604 species (30% of the total species number) are endemic to the 27 hotspots considered. The number of reports/publication in hotspot areas (2.6) is higher than in non-hotspot zones (1.5). Hotspots areas could be thus considered as a great reservoir of the Phytoseiidae diversity, just as they are for vertebrates and plants. Correlations between plant, vertebrate, mite diversity and endemism, as well as congruence rates between endemism levels of these three organisms suggest that the biodiversity patterns of plants and vertebrates mirror well those of the Phytoseiidae (both for endemicity and species richness). More intense conservation efforts in biodiversity hotspots would thus be assumed to affect plant and vertebrate biodiversity, as already known, but also arthropod biodiversity, as it was assumed. These results further support thus the importance of these zones in biodiversity conservation, even for organisms like mites, very small and poorly studied in this regards. More data on arthropods are, however, required to confirm these preliminary observations.'



'In the oceans of the tropical and warm-temperate zone S), only a small number of islands are high enough to show timberline and alpine vegetation. Excluding large islands with a more continental climate, only the following oceanic islands are relevant: Pico (Azores), Madeira, Tenerife, Gran Canaria and La Palma (Canary islands), Fogo (Cape Verde islands), Fernando Poo (Bioko) and Tristan da Cunha in the Atlantic Ocean, and Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Indian Ocean, Yakushima (Japan), Maui and Hawaii (Hawaiian islands), and Mas Afuera (Juan Fernandez islands) in the Pacific Ocean. Timberline and alpine vegetation exist here under a unique combination of a highly oceanic climate and a marked geographic isolation which contrasts with the tropical alpine vegetation in the extended mountains of South America, Africa and Southeast Asia.This review seeks to identify common physiognomic patterns in the high elevation vegetation that exist despite the fact that the islands belong to different floristic regions of the world. Based on the existing literature as well as personal observation, an overview of the elevation, physiognomy and floristics of the forest (and tree) line and the alpine vegetation on 15 island peaks is given.The forest line ecosystems are dominated either by conifers (Canary islands, Yakushima), heath woodland (Azores, Madeira, Grande Comore, Fernando Poo) or broad-leaved trees (Hawaiian islands, Juan Fernandez islands, Tristan da Cunha). In the subalpine and alpine belts, dry sclerophyllous scrub occurs on island mountains that are exposed to the trade winds (Canary islands, Cape Verde islands, Hawaiian islands, Grande Comore). These peaks are more or less arid above the forest line because a temperature inversion restricts the rise of humid air masses further upslope. In the summit regions of the remaining islands, which are located either in the wet equatorial and monsoonal regions or in the temperate westerly zones without an effective inversion layer, mesic to wet vegetation types (such as grassland, alpine heathland and fern scrub) are found.Compared to mountains at a similar latitude in continental areas, the forest line on the islands is found at 1000 to 2000 m lower elevations. The paper discusses four factors that are thought to contribute to this forest line depression: (1) drought on trade-wind exposed island peaks with stable temperature inversions, (2) the absense of well-adapted high-altitude tree species on isolated islands, (3) immaturity of volcanic soils, and (4) an only small mountain mass effect that influences the vertical temperature gradient.'



'The question of the introduction of domesticated plants from the Sunda plate (South-east Asia) to Sahul (New Guinea, Australia and Tasmania) has been a subject of speculation and debate for decades. This paper reviews recent phylogenetic studies conducted with biomolecular markers on bananas (Musa spp.), breadfruit (Artocarpus altilis), sugarcane (Saccharum spp.), taro (Colocasia esculenta) and the greater yam (Dioscorea alata). Biomolecular evidence for plant domestication in Sahul is presented and discussed. Biomolecular markers reveal that for these crops at least, domestication has occurred in New Guinea and further east in Melanesia. This domestication produced cultivated genotypes that were selected from the endemic wild gene pools. These areas of domestication still are important centres of diversity for crop species that also exist in Asia. For most crops, genetic distances are very important between the two gene pools due to the geographic isolation of the two continental plates. The implications of these findings have obvious bearings on genetic resources programme strategies and future surveys.'



'Bee diversity of the Southwest Pacific has been reported as depauperate despite the otherwise rich biodiversity and complex geological history for this region. However, due to a lack of bee-specific sampling, there is potential for higher bee diversity than previous studies suggest. Here, we review the current literature to summarise the extant diversity for each of the main island groups, the likely passages of species dispersal, and outline the main threats to Southwest Pacific populations. As key pollinators for both cultivated and native angiosperms, ensuring the persistence of native bee populations is critical for both food security and biodiversity conservation. With impending threats from land use change, invasive species and climate change, among others, understanding the true species diversity is important for assigning conservation priorities. We argue that future research in the region must encourage local expertise and build this into global research directions in an effort to address a lack of fundamental knowledge of bee diversity in island ecosystems.'



'Like many Pacific countries, Solomon Islands has more than one legal system operating concurrently: customary law, statutory law and the common law of England. Governance also occurs at national, provincial and local scales. Local people managing coastal and marine resources under customary marine tenure (CMT) have increasing difficulties in enforcement as external threats exceed their scope of governance. Before 2015, CMT breaches were not a fisheries violation as recognised by the western legal system. Drawing on our involvement in developing a new Fisheries Management Bill in and consultations within the Solomon Islands Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources, we examine how, and to what effect, the resultant Section 18 on Community Fisheries Management Plans accommodated or shifted the relationship between customary governance systems and the contemporary fisheries legislation. We examine if, and how, employing Section 18 can contribute to regional and global fisheries governance policy implementation. The Fisheries Management Act 2015 recognises the rights of customary rights holders to institute CFMPs, provides a mechanism to codify and enforce access and use rights through CMT and empowers these efforts as a legitimate management tool under statutory law. We conclude that statutory law has been to make space for the dynamic process of customary law. We contend that use of Section 18 has the potential to elevate community voices in discussions of coastal and marine resource management at different scales, if practitioners do not lose sight of the intent behind the development.'



detailed observations of shark behaviour encompass the notion of a divinity, the fleeting image of a sky god, as well as potential source of food and valued tools. Due to prevailing cosmogony, sharks benefited from being a taboo species, historically limiting their exploitation. We examine how the reputedly fierce warriors of (an atoll in Tuamotu archipelago, French Polynesia) came to be symbolically identified with a marine predator, being called the vernacular name of the oceanic whitetip shark Carcharinus longimanus. Both sharks and indigenous cultures are currently under threat in the East Pacific and we propose that an understanding of these sacred relationships could be used to help protect them.'



'The occurrence of kangaroos, wallabies and related species (Family Macropodidae) on islands of area 90 ha or more round Australia is non-random. Few islands adjacent to the northwestern, northern and eastern coasts have macropods present in contrast to a large number of islands near the mid-and southwestern coasts and most of the southern coastline. The latter group of islands was not visited by aborigines because they lacked watercraft, and most of the islands were apparently too small to support human populations. It is argued that Aboriginal man, through direct predation, his introduction of the Dingo, and his frequent use of fire, was chiefly responsible for the difference in representation of macropods on the two groups of islands.The median area of islands with at least one macropod species present and which are used by Aborigines is about six times larger than that of islands with at least one macropod species present and not visited or occupied by Aborigines. Several possible alternative hypotheses to account for the distribution pattern described above are discussed. For two of these hypotheses inadequate data are at hand to assess their significance.It is suggested that the median area of islands visited or occupied by Aborigines provides a guide to reserve sizes necessary for the conservation of macropods on mainland Australia. Areas of at least 5,000 ha are probably needed for the local long-term persistence of at least one species of macropod, and areas of 9,000 ha for the long-term survival in reserves of at least two macropod species.'



islands have been identified in numerous discourses as being highly vulnerable, food security was a cornerstone of many traditional Pacific Island societies from inland and coastal communities in large islands with considerable natural assets to those that occupied extremely small, low-lying atolls with little or no soil and limited water resources. This was sustained through agro-ecological biodiversity, the production of surpluses which enabled food preservation and storage to be practiced and underpinned networks of exchange and mutual support that were particularly important during times of hardship such as disruptive extreme natural events, the use of resilient crops and using foods. Colonisation, the introduction of new religions, the spread of capitalism, most recently in the context of globalisation, has seen many of these practices decline (some have disappeared altogether) as crop diversity has been reduced (making way for export products such as copra), food storage and preservation are now rarely practised, resilient crops have been replaced, famine foods have lost their importance in the face of disaster relief, and many traditional networks have declined. Food imports have become critical, not only in the growing urban areas, but also in rural communities. The paper concludes by addressing key challenges facing Pacific Island countries in order to revitalise those traditional elements of food security in ways that are likely to find acceptance in contemporary society and enable them to adapt to the effects of climate change.'



indicum is an indigenous tree of the lowland forests of Melanesia (Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Vanuatu) and parts of Indonesia producing edible nuts, commercial timber and some minor products. For thousands of years the nuts have been culturally important and a traditional food. Since the early 1990s there have been a number of projects aimed at the wider commercialization of the species, with mixed success. This review evaluates the biophysical and socio-economic literature and suggests how the domestication and commercialization processes could be taken forwards to improve the livelihoods of rural households in Melanesia. Many of the issues facing the domestication and commercialization of C. indicum nuts as an Agroforestry Tree Product (AFTP) are similar to those that will be important for the development of other AFTPs. Thus there are lessons that can be learnt from this species which make it a model for other agroforestry tree species.'



'In recent decades, Pacific Region indigenous sea tenure regimes have received considerable attention from social scientists who believe thatmarine-localized common entitlements and fishing practices can aid modern littoral fisheries management. The endorsement of sea tenure institutions as managerial tools, however, has proceeded without adequate consideration of their vulnerability to social and economic changes. The general view held by researchers is that Pacific Island sea tenure regimes are generally undermined by the influence of exogenous forces resulting in an open-access commons. In this article, it is argued that the contemporary transformation of sea tenure regimes emerges not only from exogenous agency, but from a complex set of autochthonous processes. A case study from New Georgia, Solomon Islands, is presented to show how sea tenure regimes can vary within an ethnically and culturally homogeneous region. Three tenure models are presented to show how different pre- and post-European contact regional settlement patterns, localized processes of political expansion and contraction, and dynamic indigenous sociocultural principles have resulted in institutional differences between each sea tenure model. The effect of the market economy on the organizational structure and managerial outcomes of each model also is discussed.'



'A thorough understanding of the Pacific Ocean circulation is a necessity to solve global climate and environmental problems. Here we present a new picture of the circulation by integrating observational results. Lower and Upper Circumpolar Deep Waters (LCDW, UCDW) and Antarctic Intermediate Water (AAIW) of 12, 7, and 5 Sv (106 in the lower and upper deep layers and the surface/intermediate layer, respectively, are transported to the North Pacific from the Antarctic Circumpolar Current (ACC). The flow of LCDW separates in the Central Pacific Basin into the western (4 Sv) and eastern (8 Sv) branches, and nearly half of the latter branch is further separated to flow eastward south of the Hawaiian Ridge into the Northeast Pacific Basin (NEPB). A large portion of LCDW on this southern route (4 Sv) upwells in the southern and mid-latitude eastern regions of the NEPB. The remaining eastern branch joins nearly half of the western branch; the confluence flows northward and enters the NEPB along the Aleutian Trench. Most of the LCDW on this northern route (5 Sv) upwells to the upper deep layer in the northern (in particular northeastern) region of the NEPB and is transformed into North Pacific Deep Water (NPDW). NPDW shifts southward in the upper deep layer and is modified by mixing with UCDW around the Hawaiian Islands. The modified NPDW of 13 Sv returns to the ACC. The remaining volume in the North Pacific (11 Sv) flows out to the Indian and Arctic Oceans in the surface/intermediate layer.'



'Based on the summarized geological and petrogeochemical information on the basaltic magmatism on the Pacific Ocean floor, the formation-geochemical rock types, their associations in the oceanic morpho-structures, and petrological provinces were distinguished. The features of the composition variations of the rocks presented mainly by magno-and ferrotholeiites in mid-oceanic ridges and by their petrological analogues at the plates (Fenner trend) were examined. The increase in the silica acidity and alkalinity of the rocks (Bowen trend) is moderately manifested in the eastern provinces of the ocean and is much more pronounced in the western areas (including the formation of complexes constituted by significant volumes of alkaline rocks).'



'The Millennium Seed Bank (MSB) Partnership, developed and managed by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew (RBG Kew), conserves propagules primarily from orthodox seed-bearing wild vascular plants. It is the largest ex situ conservation programme in the world, currently involving 96 countries and territories. Where possible, seeds are collected and conserved in the country of origin with duplicates being sent to RBG MSB for storage. In this paper we assess the conservation value of the germplasm stored at the MSB using both quantitative and qualitative methods. The MSB holdings represent a high quality, rich biological resource. Substantial and unique taxonomic diversity exists amongst the collections, representing 365 families, 5813 genera, 36,975 species and 39,669 taxa conserved. The collections cover a wide geographic range, originating from 189 countries and territories, representing all nine bio-geographic regions and all 35 biodiversity hotspots. The collections possess significant natural capital and population value: 32% of taxa, representing 49% of collections, have at least one identified use to humans; and 74% of taxa, representing 78% of collections, are either endemic, endangered (nationally or globally) and/or have an economic, ecological, social, cultural or scientific value. While 10% of taxa, representing of collections, are either extinct, rare or vulnerable to extinction at the global and/or national level, 20% of taxa, representing 13% collections, are endemic at the country or territory scale. Over the 17-year period since 2000 at least 11,182 seed samples, representing 12% of taxa and 8% of collections, have been distributed globally for conservation, research, education and display. This analysis highlighted collection gaps in MSB holdings in relation to their geographic representativeness, the taxonomic diversity of large families and genera of angiosperms, and coverage of threatened taxa. Further analysis across the entire MSB Partnership is required to underpin future collection activities and maximize the usefulness of collections.'



'Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), cultivated in a village of northern Vanuatu, Melanesia, was surveyed to: (1) assess the extent of morphological and molecular variation being maintained by growers at the village level and, (2) compare this diversity with the diversity found in the crops in Vanuatu. Ethnobotanical data were combined with AFLP analysis to elucidate possible sources of variation. Folk assessment of variation is based on: (a) morphological characteristics (11 characters), (b) names and (c) classification according to habitat, uses, origin and agronomic adaptation. This 3-fold approach allowed growers to differentiate 96 morphotypes, all of which are given distinct vernacular names. AFLP fingerprints successfully differentiated all these 96 morphotypes which do not present a significant intra-clonal variation. But genetic results showed no clear groupings according to geographic origin or habitat of morphotypes and stated that the diversity found within the village was comparable with the overall diversity found in Vanuatu. Local nomenclature and stories associated with each cultivar suggested three sources of diversity: introductions (38%), somatic mutations (15%) and sexual recombinations (48%). AFLP results confirm folk beliefs  about origin at least for three pairs of mutants. The 11 so-called wild forms analysed by AFLP were suggested to be feral, escapes from domestication. A dynamic in situ conservation strategy (DISC), favouring a broadening of the national genetic base, was discussed for taro.'



'School mathematics tends to have developed from the major cultures of Asia, the Mediterranean and Europe. However, indigenous cultures in particular may have distinctly different systematic ways of referring to space and thinking mathematically about spatial activity. Their approaches are based on the close link between the environment and cultural activity. The affinity to place strengthens the efficient, abstract, mathematical system behind the reference and its connection to the real world of place and a holistic worldview. This paper sets out to present an overview of various approaches to aspects of space and geometry by drawing on linguistic and cultural literature, my collaborative research in Papua New Guinea, and from personal communications with indigenous colleagues in Australia and elsewhere. This diversity provides a challenge by which teachers can deconstruct their thinking about mathematics and subsequently to review the content of teaching and to be more responsive to the diversity of cultural backgrounds of students. To assist with recognising ecocultural mathematics on space and geometry, 4 principles are established and discussed on language structures, reference lines and points, measures of space and worldviews and interpretations of space as place.'



'Archaeological research on a prefabricated timber church on Tanna Island, Vanuatu (formerly the New Hebrides) has revealed details about site history, construction, use life, and current condition. This structure encapsulates two of the critical aspects of the New Hebrides missions, connecting these remote islands to wider global networks, while simultaneously being something that local communities made, and continue to make In addition to being of interest to the indigenous community, buildings like the 1912 Tanna Church represent important examples of the tangible heritage created by the interplay of local and global forces in the modern world.'



'Breadfruit (Artocarpus altilis, Moraceae) is a traditional staple crop in Oceania and has been introduced throughout the tropics. This study examines important germplasm collections of breadfruit and its closest wild relatives and aims to (1) characterize genetic diversity, including identification of unknown and duplicate accessions, (2) evaluate genetic structure and hybridization within the breadfruit complex, and (3) compare utility of microsatellite markers to previously reported amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) and isozyme markers in differentiating among cultivars. Data for 19 microsatellite loci were collected for 349 individuals (representing 255 accessions) including breadfruit (A. altilis), two wild relatives (Artocarpus camansi and Artocarpus mariannensis), and putative hybrids (A. mariannensis). Accessions were of mixed ploidy and regional origin, but predominantly from Oceania. Microsatellite loci collectively had a polymorphic information content (PIC) of 0.627 and distinguished 197 unique genotypes sorted into 129 different lineages, but a single genotype accounts for of all triploid breadfruit examined. Triploid hybrids and diploid A. altilis exhibited the highest levels of diversity as measured by allele number and gene diversity. Most accessions of unknown origin matched either a known genotype or lineage group in the collection. Putative hybrids all had genetic contributions from A. mariannensis but ranged in the level of genetic contribution from A. altilis. Microsatellite markers were found to be more informative than isozyme markers and slightly less informative, with regard to accession discrimination, than AFLP markers. This set of microsatellite markers and the dataset presented here will be valuable for breadfruit germplasm management and conservation.'



'This paper explores the risks that climate change poses to food security in the islands of the South Pacific. It shows that climate change will adversely affect food systems in the region, including the supply of food from agriculture and fisheries, the ability of countries to import food, systems for the distribution of food, and the ability of households to purchase and utilize food. In these ways, climate change puts at risk the very basic and universal need for people in the islands to have access to sufficient, safe, and nutritious food at all times. It is argued that for people in the South Pacific, the risks climate change poses to food security constitutes a change in climate.'



'Human T cell leukemia virus (HTLV-1) is an oncoretrovirus that infects at least 10 million people worldwide. HTLV-1 exhibits a remarkable genetic stability, however, viral strains have been classified in several genotypes and subgroups, which often mirror the geographic origin of the viral strain. The Cosmopolitan genotype HTLV-1a, can be subdivided into geographically related subgroups, e.g. Transcontinental (a-TC), Japanese (a-Jpn), West-African (a-WA), North-African (a-NA), and Senegalese (a-Sen). Within each subgroup, the genetic diversity is low. Genotype HTLV-1b is found in Central Africa; it is the major genotype in Gabon, Cameroon and Democratic Republic of Congo. While strains from the HTLV-1d genotype represent only a few percent of the strains present in Central African countries, genotypes -e, -f, and -g have been only reported sporadically in particular in Cameroon Gabon, and Central African Republic. HTLV-1c genotype, which is found exclusively in Australo-Melanesia, is the most divergent genotype. This reflects an ancient speciation, with a long period of isolation of the infected populations in the different islands of this region (Australia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu archipelago). Until now, no viral genotype or subgroup is associated with a specific HTLV-1-associated disease. HTLV-1 originates from a simian reservoir (STLV-1); it derives from interspecies zoonotic transmission from non-human primates to humans (ancient or recent). In this review, we describe the genetic diversity of HTLV-1, and analyze the molecular mechanisms that are at play in HTLV-1 evolution. Similar to other retroviruses, HTLV-1 evolves either through accumulation of point mutations or recombination. Molecular studies point to a fairly low evolution rate of HTLV-1 (between and supposedly because the virus persists within the host via clonal expansion (instead of new infectious cycles that use reverse transcriptase).'



'Sea turtles are one of the largest vertebrates in the shallow water ecosystems of Remote Oceania, occurring in both sea grass pastures and on coral reefs. Their functional roles, however, over ecological and evolutionary times scales are not well known, in part because their numbers have been so drastically reduced. Ethnographic and archaeological data is analysed to assess long-term patterns of turtle interactions (mainly green and hawksbill) prior to western contact and the magnitude of turtle losses in this region. From the ethnographic data two large-scale patterns emerge, societies where turtle capture and consumption was controlled by chiefs and priests versus those where control over turtle was more flexible and consumption more egalitarian. Broadly the distinction is between societies on high (volcanic and raised coral) islands versus atolls, but the critical variables are the ratio of land to shallow marine environments, combined with the availability of refugia. Archaeological evidence further highlights differences in the rate and magnitude of turtle losses across these two island types, with high islands suffering both large and rapid declines while those on atolls are less marked. These long-term historical patterns help explain the ethnographic endpoints, with areas that experienced greater losses apparently developing more restrictive social controls over time. Finally, if current turtle migration patterns held in the past, with annual movements between western foraging grounds and eastern nesting beaches, then intensive harvesting from 2,800 Before Present in West Polynesia probably affected turtle abundance and coral reef ecology in East Polynesia well before the actual arrival of human settlers, the latter a process that most likely began later.'



"Madagascar's culture is a unique fusion of elements drawn from the western, northern, and eastern shores of the Indian Ocean, and its past has fascinated many scholars, yet systematic archaeological research is relatively recent on the island. The oldest traces of visitors are from the first century AD. Coastal settlements, with clear evidence of ties to the western Indian Ocean trading network, were established in several places over the next millennium. Important environmental changes of both plant and animal communities are documented over this period, including the extinctions of almost all large animal species. Urban life in Madagascar began with the establishment of the of Mahilaka on the northwest coast of the island in the twelfth century. At about the same time, communities with ties to the trade network were established around the island's coasts. From the fourteenth to the sixteenth century, social hierarchies developed in several regions of the island. During the succeeding two centuries, Madagascar saw the development of state polities."



'The sclerophyll forests which once extended over the lowlands of the west coast of New Caledonia are now reduced to small fragments representing about 2% (10 000 ha) of their original area. Much of the remaining forests are degraded. Threats to sclerophyll forests come from land clearance, grazing by cattle or deer, and fire. In sclerophyll forests, 223 endemic phanerogam species occur and 59 of these are specific to this forest type. Several of the 59 specific species are known only from a few plants at a single locality and are critically endangered. Pittosporum tanianum sp. nov. became extinct shortly after its discovery in 1988, and becomes the first documented plant extinction in New Caledonia. A further 15 species of New Caledonian plants, not recorded for several decades, are discussed, and it is concluded that between 4 and 9 of them may be extinct. The existing reserves containing sclerophyll forests are inadequate to protect the remaining biodiversity of the forests. Four immediate steps needed to protect sclerophyll forests are (i) restoration of Island; (ii) purchase and restoration of selected privately owned forests; (iii) management of publicly owned forest near and (iv) ex situ conservation of certain species.'



'High demand and prices in global markets for luxury seafood fished by coastal communities in low-income contexts causes overfishing. There are few alternatives for fishers to earn money, most institutions for controlling effort are weak, and markets are beyond the control of fishing states. The mismatch between desires for development and governance measures to enable that development is shared across many high-value low-income contexts. Using the sea cucumber fishery of Papua New Guinea as an example, this paper illustrates how the interactive governance framework provides a holistic approach to revealing governability limits and opportunities. Analysis of the system to be governed demonstrates that development for coastal communities is fundamental to the fishery as a motivating force and as a principle legitimising actions within the fishery and its management. This analysis highlights the fact that fisheries management is based on the assumption that an open fishery will lead to development, due to its economic value. However, money does not equal development. For this and other similar fisheries to increase development in coastal communities, issues not usually considered within the purview of the management of fisheries must be addressed, including gendered and intergenerational decision-making and income distribution, financial planning and government provision of infrastructure and services.'



'Coral reef fish taxonomy from 1980 to 2014 is reviewed, providing a subjective analysis of new species descriptions, including statistics on the rate of new discoveries, which families and genera have attracted the most taxonomic interest, the main geographic areas for new discoveries, which journals the new taxa were published in, the nationality of authors, the most productive authors, and the main focal areas for reef fish field work.'



'This paper suggests that for environmental education to have any meaning in the South Pacific, the variety of physical and cultural environments must be taken into account. It is not possible, however, for each country to develop its own programme, and thus, a kind of which is sustainable should be undertaken. Environmental education is much wider than utilising formal educational curricula; it should include the use of the media, the employment of environmental economists, and a continuous sharing of information between those who carry out environmental research and those who design and implement policy.'



research investigated the sources of explanations and understanding of natural phenomena in terms of the cultural and school science experiences. The first phase involved interviews with eight village elders that probed their explanations and understanding of natural phenomena. The second phase involved the design, development and administration of two questionnaires on natural phenomena to 179 students in a rural boarding high school in Papua New Guinea (PNG). Most village elders gave explanations of many of the phenomena in terms of spirits, spells, magic, religion, and personal experiences. Most school-aged students choose scientific explanations of natural phenomena in terms of what they had learned in school or from personal experiences. However, many choose explanations of the same phenomena about spirits, spells and magic that came from the village, family or home. The study revealed that ideas about natural phenomena are strongly governed and controlled by their school science knowledge in the school setting. It is likely that their own traditional knowledge cannot be identified in a school setting but that questionnaires in the local language be given to students in their villages (as opposed to school). In addition, so as not to diminish the value of this traditional knowledge, science education programs are needed that are able to consider and harmonise traditional knowledge with school


Abstract not available



'Publications on archaeological remains of cultivated plants have been collected, mainly from 1998, with some earlier ones, and some from 1999, A list is given of the finds according to taxon, country, site, and age'



"Ernst Mayr's scientific career continues strongly 70 years after he published his first scientific paper in 1923. He is primarily a naturalist and ornithologist which has influenced his basic approach in science and later in philosophy and history of science. Mayr studied at the Natural History Museum in Berlin with Professor E. Stresemann, a leader in the most progressive school of avian systematics of the time. The contracts gained through Stresemann were central to Mayr's participation in a three year expedition to New Guinea and The Solomons, and the offer of a position in the Department of Ornithology, American Museum of Natural History, beginning in 1931. At the AMNH, Mayr was able to blend the best of the academic traditions of Europe with those of North America in developing a unified research program in biodiversity embracing systematics, biogeography and nomenclature. His tasks at the AMNH were to curate and study the huge collections amassed by the Whitney South Sea Expedition plus the just purchased Rothschild collection of birds. These studies provided Mayr with the empirical foundation essential for his 1942Systematics and the Origin of Species and his subsequent theoretical work in evolutionary biology as well as all his later work in the philosophy and history of science. Without a detailed understanding of Mayr's empirical systematic and biogeographic work, one cannot possibly comprehend fully his immense contributions to evolutionary biology and his later analyses in the philosophy and history of science."



'In 1925, J.D. Tothill and two colleagues set out to manage Levuana iridescens, the coconut moth of Fiji, using biological control. By 1930, they had succeeded so completely that this pest of the copra crop had been reduced to almost undetectable levels by the tachinid fly, Bessa remota, introduced from Malaya, and they had summarized their campaign in a thoroughly documented and well-illustrated monograph. The example of the coconut moth is presented in the modern literature as the first and best documented extinction of a species due to scientific biological control. The program has been severely criticized because the moth was unique, beautiful, and considered endemic to Fiji. Thus, this program is also portrayed as an example of the highly controversial practice of neoclassical biological control. However, a careful reexamination of this event discloses that the moth was likely not native to Fiji, appeared to be spreading through the Fijian Archipelago, and might have spread to other island groups in the South Pacific. Also, L. iridescens is probably not extinct. Collateral damage, that is, non-target impacts, did occur as native zygaenid moths have been attacked by the tachinid, and they may be extinct. The reasons for the control campaign of L. iridescens were not primarily economic. Tothill and colleagues were trying to protect copra so that ethnic Fijian culture, so dependent on the coconut palm threatened by L. iridescens, could be sustained. Hence, this control program represents a difficult clash of values: preservation of insect biodiversity versus preservation of indigenous Pacific Islander cultures. A strategy to search for L. iridescens populations is proposed and development of biological control of B. remota, using hyperparasitoids, is possible, but would require careful evaluation since it might release L. iridescens from suppression, have non-target impacts on native tachinids, and lack an economic motivation.'



'An analysis of human population trends from 2000 to 2010 shows that of the roughly one billion additional people on the planet today, a disproportionate number live in the biodiversity hotspots and tropical wilderness areas (TWAs). Although the annual population growth rate in the hotspots declined from 1.6 to the total population increased by 187 million people. While less densely populated, the TWAs grew at roughly twice the rate of the hotspots. Overall, slower growth rates are indicative of longer-term global trends in decreasing fertility, aging populations, and increased urbanization. The hotspots, however, are largely inhabited by people who have yet to enter their reproductive years or are in the early stages therein. The young age structure means that populations in these priority conservation areas will grow even as fertility rates fall further, and biodiversity will be forced to share dwindling natural habitat with ever more people.'



'Aggregated results from twenty years of community-engaged assiduous restoration of severely degraded coastal littoral systems in New Zealand (NZ) reveal numerous fundamental and substantive natural improvements to dune form, function, and storm resilience. This is accomplished by simple, low-cost exclusive utilisation of the variably threatened local indigenous dune plant species. These valuable and innovative enhancements succeed countless decades of cascading consequences from numerous impacts instigated by historic (and frequently continuing) damaging effects on those previously natural coastal dune ecosystems impacts that subsequently induced problematic littoral retreat the true root cause of prevailing coastal erosion. The durable reversals were often generated in less than two decades, contemporaneously with adverse storm surge and sea level rise conditions. Research reveals many global dune ecosystems are afflicted with analogous normalised degradation and erosion difficulties, with the earliest active circumvention recorded in sixteenth century Denmark (McKelvey 1999). Historic plus current pressures such as coastal settlement impacts and continuing agricultural use of dunelands similarly threaten numerous global littoral margins, alongside recent concerns regarding the compounding effects of climate change. Successful, affordable, diligent dune restoration work pioneered in NZ has extensive benefits for other nations experiencing similarly challenging attrition on degraded coastal zones. Persuasive data is presented to validate the numerous persistently accrued benefits of this cost-effective and enduring coastal adaptation response.'



gigas (L.) populations were sampled from 13 locations throughout the west Pacific in and screened for allozyme variation at seven polymorphic loci. Significant genetic differences were found between the few large stocks of T. gigas remaining in the world. Cluster analysis identified two major regional groups of populations: a group consisting of Kiribati and the Marshall Islands, and a group comprising all other populations. Within the latter group, the Great Barrier Reef populations were significantly differentiated from those in the Solomon Islands. The main routes of gene flow did not run parallel with known major surface currents as might be expected, but crossed them. Gene exchange was limited east-west between the Central and West Pacific groups and the GBR and the Solomon Islands. The lack of correspondence between the major surface currents and the routes of gene flow suggests that the genetic structure of T. gigas reflects historical patterns of migration that no longer occur, rather than presentday dispersal. These findings raise fundamental questions concerning the origin and maintenance of genetic diversity in Pacific faunas, and have important implications for the mariculture and conservation of T. gigas.'



fishing in Oceania has been overlooked in most subsistence studies in the region and, as a consequence, there are few quantitative data available upon which to base an assessment of its importance. However, in the present study, the few data available on women's fishing in Oceania are examined, and these show that women contribute significantly to marine food yields in the region. Also, it is suggested that the highly regular nature of women's fishing makes women more reliable, and therefore more effective than men as suppliers of protein for subsistence. The implications of these findings for future development policies in the region are then discussed."



''



chains provide us with a powerful tool for studying the structure of graphs and databases in details. We review the method of generalized inverses for Markov chains and apply it for the analysis of urban structures, evolution of languages, and musical compositions. We also discuss a generalization of flights over large complex networks and study the interplay between the nonlinearity of diffusion process and the topological structure of the


"The genetic diversity of traditional varieties of crops is the most economically valuable part of global biodiversity and is of paramount importance for future world crop production. The Biodiversity Convention has given a clear mandate for on-farm conservation. However, very little formal research has been done and no agreed set of scientific principles yet exists for on-farm conservation of genetic resources. This lack of scientific knowledge has not prevented an explosion of recommendations on how to conserve agrobiodiversity on-farm and it is possible to identify an emerging paradigm. Through a review of some of the assumptions on which this paradigm is based, we clearly show that if attempts to conserve agrobiodiversity on-farm are based on these misconceptions, they are likely to fail. By assessing the present activities of farmers, we propose a research agenda to increase the diversity available to farmers and to enhance farmers' capacity to manage this diversity dynamically. Increasing genetic diversification, combined with farmers' experimental abilities, and underpinned by the formal system, will ensure greater on-farm conservation of more useful genetic resources."



'This paper investigates how coastal mobility and a place within regional trade networks intersect with technological organisation. To do this, we identified different types of lithic production and exchange during the late pre-colonial period at three coastal sites around Madang in northeast New Guinea. The study is the first major technological and sourcing study in this area. Consistent with terrestrial models, lithic technological analysis crucially shows that groups with higher levels of coastal mobility (1) were reducing a wider range of lithic materials and (2) reduced material less intensively than groups with indirect access. Conversely, groups with lower coastal mobility levels (1) were flaking a restricted range of lithic materials and (2) reduced material more intensively. Geochemical analysis, using X-ray fluorescence, shows that at all three sites obsidian artefacts exclusively derived from Kutau/Bao (Talasea) in West New Britain. This indicates that, by about ago through to the late nineteenth century, the Kutau/Bao source had become a specialised export product, being fed into major distribution conduits operational along the northeast coast. Importantly, there is no evidence for exchange with other sources such as Admiralties or Fergusson Island obsidian. This is contrastive to the Sepik coast, where obsidian from the Admiralties Islands featured prominently alongside West New Britain obsidian, and suggests the emergence of different coastal supply lines feeding the northeast Madang coast and the north Sepik coast.'



'Harvesting different species as foods or raw materials calls for differing skills depending on the species being harvested and the circumstances under which they are being taken. In some situations and for some species, the tactics used are mainly is, people adjust, or adapt, their own actions to fit the behavior and circumstances of the species they are taking. Under other circumstances and for other species, the skills and tactics used may call for greater environmental preparation or manipulation. Therefore, instead of trying to distinguish people today and in the past as either or it makes sense to define human subsistence behavior as an interactive matrix of species and harvesting tactics, that is, as a provisions spreadsheet.'



'BackgroundThe integration of traditional ecological knowledge (TEK) into formal school curricula may be a key tool for the revitalisation of biocultural diversity, and has the potential to improve the delivery of educational objectives. This paper explores perceptions of the value of TEK to formal education curricula on Malekula Island, Vanuatu. We conducted 49 interviews with key stakeholders (local TEK experts, educators, and officials) regarding the use of the formal school system to transmit, maintain, and revitalise TEK. Interviews also gathered information on the areas where TEK might add value to school curricula and on the perceived barriers to maintaining and revitalising TEK via formal education programs.ResultsParticipants reported that TEK had eroded on Malekula, and identified the formal school system as a principal driver. Most interviewees believed that if an appropriate format could be developed, TEK could be included in the formal education system. Such an approach has potential to maintain customary knowledge and practice in the focus communities. Participants identified several specific domains of TEK for inclusion in school curricula, including ethnomedical knowledge, agricultural knowledge and practice, and the reinforcement of respect for traditional authority and values. However, interviewees also noted a number of practical and epistemological barriers to teaching TEK in school. These included the cultural diversity of Malekula, tensions between public and private forms of knowledge, and multiple values of TEK within the community.ConclusionsTEK has potential to add value to formal education systems in Vanuatu by contextualising the content and process of curricular delivery, and by facilitating character development and self-awareness in students. These benefits are congruent with UNESCO-mandated goals for curricular reform and provide a strong argument for the inclusion of TEK in formal school systems. Such approaches may also assist in the maintenance and revitalisation of at-risk systems of ethnobiological knowledge. However, we urge further research attention to the significant epistemological challenges inherent in including TEK in formal school, particularly as participants noted the potential for such approaches to have negative consequences.'



'Citrus indica and C. macroptera are the wild endangered species of Citrus occurring in northeastern India. Surveys were undertaken in this region for ascertaining distribution, studying variability and for collection of germplasm of these two species. C. indica, an endemic species of this region, was collected from the Citrus Gene Sanctuary located in buffer zone of Nokrek Biosphere Reserve in the Garo hills of Meghalaya. In addition, a putative natural hybrid of C. indica and C. limon was collected for the first time from the south Garo hills. C. macroptera had much wider distribution and was collected from Mizoram and Meghalaya states. In Jantia hills of Meghalaya, natural populations of this species are in a highly threatened state. The two species were unevenly distributed all over the explored territory. Morphological characterization of leaves, fruits and seeds indicated the presence of sizable variability within collected accessions of these two Citrus species. Indigenous technical knowledge gathered on the use and socio-economic importance indicated commercial potential for these two species in northeastern India. However, lack of cultivation of these species and clearing of forest cover at an alarming rate has led to an urgent need to adopt complementary conservation strategies to safeguard these species and to ensure their availability for future utilization. A major emphasis on developing methods for their propagation, multiplication and regeneration in in situ and ex situ conditions is required.'



'When examining how the ecosystems of remote islands have developed, it is important to know the timing of when various elements arrived and whether they then diversified. Our understanding of the histories behind the biodiverse south west Pacific (SWP) archipelagos is limited, and further impeded by the complex geological histories of this region. Previous studies of the SWP short-tongued halictine bee fauna suggest their presence is much younger than the geological ages of these archipelagos, which is surprising given their critical role as pollinators in other terrestrial ecosystems. The long-tongued megachilid bees represent a considerable proportion of the known bee species for the region, yet little is known of their origin. Here we use genetic diversity within mitochondrial DNA to infer the likely ages and origins of megachilid species from Vanuatu, Fiji, and Samoa. Our results indicate a very recent origin for megachilids in the SWP, with many species exhibiting small intraspecific genetic distances. Three species share almost identical haplotypes with specimens from Southeast Asia, suggesting multiple human-aided introductions. Combined with data from recent studies on other bee groups present in the region, our results have broad implications for how the Pacific island biota developed and how we should approach its management.'



'We here describe a new species of Myzomela honeyeater from the Lesser Sunda island of Alor (southeast Indonesia). The new species is phylogenetically most closely related to Myzomela kuehni from the adjacent island of Wetar and most closely resembles that species in plumage. However, it differs in important morphological, bioacoustic and ecological characteristics. The discovery of a new bird species on Alor is of great biogeographic importance and elevates this island to the status of an Endemic Bird Area. The new Alor Myzomela is restricted to montane eucalypt woodland mostly above elevation and is currently known from few sites across the island. Based on its occurrence records and human population trends in the highlands of Alor Island, we recommend classification under the IUCN threat status endangered.'



"The environmental impacts created by recreational visitors to the wet-dry tropics of Western Australia raise questions about the type of visitor and the capacity of remote areas to increasing numbers of visitors. This paper looks at those questions in regard to some of the more remote natural attractions in the tropical North Kimberley region. Three Domett at the mouth of the Ord River, the Admiralty Gulf and the Mitchell the differences between attractions, visitors, patterns of visitor behavior and their impacts on the local environment. As the highly variable nature of the Australian wet-tropics renders the use of conventional site indicators of carrying capacity difficult, an ecological alternative is proposed for research. The dominance of local and other Australian four-wheel drivers to the Kimberley and the impacts they create are shown to challenge the government's promotion of the region to overseas visitors and its notion of tourism as a sustainable industry."



'The small carpenter bee, Ceratina (Neoceratina) dentipes, is an invasive species throughout the South Pacific and has been identified as one of three alien Ceratina species established in Hawaii. Invasive bees are thought to be exacerbating declines of native yellow-faced bees (Hylaeus) but, outside of the honey bee (Apis mellifera), relatively little empirical work has been done to track the origins and avenues of introduction for these species. Extant research addressing C. dentipes is limited, but suggests that it is a rapidly moving invasive, morphologically similar to both native and non-native bees within its introduced ecosystems, and may be capable of parthenogenic reproduction. Ceratina dentipes thus represents a potentially serious conservational challenge for terrestrial ecosystems throughout the Pacific. Here, we perform the first comprehensive phylogeographic assessment of C. dentipes, drawing from invasive populations across Hawaii and the South Pacific, and from native populations in Southeast Asia. Bayesian phylogenetic reconstruction and analyses of molecular variation both indicate that C. dentipes is very recently introduced in Hawaii. Analyses also reveal that invasive populations of C. dentipes likely originated in Borneo or mainland Southeast Asia before being widely and rapidly dispersed, most likely through anthropogenic transport.'



'Tarsiers (Tarsius) and slow lorises (Nycticebus) are the only extant nocturnal primates occurring in Southeast Asia. Harcourt (1999) hypothesized that in insular Southeast Asia, slow lorises and tarsiers showed a checkerboard distribution on 12 small islands, i.e., only one or the other occurs, and attributed this to extreme levels of competition between these 2 largely faunivorous primates. Further, he predicted slow lorises were able to persist on smaller islands than tarsiers. We re-evaluated these findings using an expanded dataset including 49 islands where tarsiers or slow lorises occur. Tarsiers and slow lorises live on islands of similar size (median size of ca. and both taxa inhabit an equal proportion of small, medium, and large islands. On small islands within their area of sympatry tarsiers occur on 1 island, slow lorises on 8, both genera on 3, and we can assume they have become extinct from 11 small islands since the Last Glacial Maximum. Sizes of islands where tarsiers or slow lorises have become extinct do not differ from islands where they are still extant. We show that slow lorises occur on more islands in insular Southeast Asia than perhaps previously assumed, but these islands are not smaller on average than islands where tarsiers occur. A checkerboard distribution between these taxa is not evident. More studies are needed at the macroecological level to assess the importance of biogeographic history in explaining their present-day distribution patterns.'



'Extralimital innovations that represent unprecedented departures from the phenotypic norm in the clade in which they often thought preferentially to evolve in island-like settings, but accumulating evidence indicates that they also arise in highly diverse, competitively rigorous ecosystems. In order to evaluate the origins of extralimital traits, I reconstructed the history of all ecological and shell-morphological innovations in Miocene to Recent shallow-water molluscs from the two great modern tropical marine realms, the Indo-West Pacific (IWP) and Atlantic-eastern Pacific (AEP), with the expectation that the more diverse IWP would show a higher incidence of innovation. Of the 66 innovations I identified, 53 (80%) are IWP and 13 (20%) are AEP in origin. Data on the numbers of living species in 26 molluscan clades in the two tropical realms indicate that the species ratio (AEP to total number of species exceeds the innovation ratio (AEP to total innovations 0.21). The per-species frequency of innovation is therefore significantly higher in the IWP. None of the innovations is unique to endemic taxa on oceanic islands. I suggest that warm, large, highly productive environments are more conducive to the establishment of new ecological roles and phenotypic states than are smaller, less productive, more island-like settings; and that diversity need not be correlated with either high productivity or evolutionary opportunity for innovation.'



'Given the heavy reliance placed on and investment in protected areas for biological conservation, there has been much debate as to how effective these are in representing biodiversity features within their boundaries. The majority of studies addressing this issue have been conducted on a regional or national basis, precluding a broad picture of patterns of representation at the species level. We present a global assessment of the representation of the terrestrial geographic ranges of complete taxonomic groups: all known extant amphibians, birds and mammals (20,736 species) within the current global system of protected areas. We conclude that it is necessary substantially to improve the levels of coverage of the geographic ranges of the majority of species, even the widespread ones. This is particularly true for rare species, which might be assumed to be foci for protected area systems. To improve on the low levels of coverage of vertebrate ranges attained by the existing areas, key regions should be targeted, but heavy reliance will also have to be placed on approaches to sustaining populations in the wider, unprotected landscape.'



'The Parakeet (Eunymphicus uvaeensis), endemic to Island (Loyalty Islands, New Caledonia, south-west Pacific), is a rainforest bird that is dependent on tree cavities for nesting. It is threatened by deforestation, but also by competition for nest sites with introduced bees, harvesting for pets, and potentially predation by introduced species. Despite these threats, we show that the Parakeet population increased exponentially from an estimated 617 birds in 1993 to 2,090 birds in 2009 (95% confidence interval). We explain this population increase by community-based protection measures that eliminated nest poaching. We recommend that these measures are maintained, remnant forest is protected, and the introduction of rats is prevented.'



"Amplified fragment length polymorphism markers were used to assess the genetic relatedness between Dioscorea alata and nine other edible Dioscorea. These species include D. abyssinica Hoch., D. bulbifera L., D. cayenensis-rotundata Lamk. et Poir., D. esculenta Burk., D. nummularia Lam., D. pentaphylla L., D. persimilis Prain. et Burk., D. transversa Br. and D. trifida L. Four successive studies were conducted with emphasis on the genetic relationship within D. alata and among species of the Enantiophyllum section from Vanuatu. Study 1 was carried out to select a set of polymorphic primer pairs using 11 combinations and eight species belonging to five distinct sections. The four most polymorphic primer pairs were used in study 2 among six species of the Enantiophyllum section. Study 3 focussed mainly on the genetic relationship among 83 accessions of D. alata, mostly from Vanuatu (78 acc.) but also from Benin, Guadeloupe, New Caledonia and Vietnam. The ploidy level of 53 accessions was determined and results indicated the presence of tetraploid, hexaploid and octoploid cultivars. Study 4, included 35 accessions of D. alata, D. nummularia and D. transversa and was conducted using two primer pairs to verify the taxonomical identity of the cultivars `langlang', `maro' and `netsar' from Vanuatu. The overall results indicated that each accession can be fingerprinted uniquely with AFLP. D. alata is an heterogeneous species which shares a common genetic background with D. nummularia and `langlang', `maro' and `netsar'. UPGMA cluster analysis revealed the existence of three major groups of genotypes within D. alata, each assembling accessions from distant geographical origins and different ploidy levels. The analysis also revealed that `langlang', `maro' and `netsar' clustered together with the cultivar `wael' (D. transversa) from New Caledonia. Results are discussed in the paper."



'Marine shell ornaments have several characteristics that make them significant for archaeological analysis. Made from a raw material valued by cultures throughout the world and imbued with water, life, health, and fertility symbolism, shell objects have functioned as prestige goods. Shell prestige goods circulated between individuals, groups, and societies and materialized interpersonal relationships, making them valuable for archaeologists shifting focus from objects to the people in past societies. Shell ornaments had multiple roles, including ornamentation, wealth, marking status, and as ritual paraphernalia, and had varying symbolic associations even within a society. The rich ethnographic literature on shell use provides a source for archaeological model building. Marine shell artifacts often moved between societies and across long distances, offering a way for archaeologists to explore regional relationships and the interactions between ancient societies. To do this requires using several scales of analysis to investigate archaeological residues of a system that includes marine shell ornaments, the social organization of their production and exchange, and the people who made, displayed, and circulated them.'



'Climate-related disasters such as tropical cyclones, floods and droughts are not new to Pacific Islanders, who have developed customary or practices to enable communities to adapt and recover from such hazards. Some of these practices have been degraded and some assisted by modernisation. Through their effects on the island environment, these hazards have a range of socio-economic impacts on food (fisheries and crops) and water supply, tourism, and coastal buildings and infrastructure. The varied impacts of climate change not only exacerbate those hazards but also raise new threats, such as sea level rise and ocean acidification, that have no precedent in the past and for which there are therefore no traditional adaptations, although Pacific innate ingenuity and resilience remains strong. These issues are particularly acute for the low-lying atoll countries whose continued existence is threatened by sea level rise, but also affect those that live on higher islands in coastal settlements, where most of their population is concentrated. Climate change thus sharpens social and cultural issues of equity (reflecting disparities in location, income, education, gender, health and age), made even more acute by increased levels of voluntary or forced migration within, and even more so beyond, island country boundaries. Consequently, many islanders see climate change as a moral challenge to the richer countries to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions that are causing the problem.'



'Otolith shape analysis has been used in a number of studies as an inexpensive and powerful method for categorising fish in individual stocks. Elliptical Fourier analysis was used on three different amphidromous Sicyopterus species. Sicyopterus lagocephalus is a widespread species while the other two have a limited distribution area, Sicyopterus aiensis being endemic to Vanuatu, and Sicyopterus sarasini to New Caledonia. Both endemics live in sympatry with the widespread species. The otolith shape of all fish sampled was a clear species differentiator, thereby demonstrating that otolith shape is species-specific. At an intraspecific level there are different river populations within samples from Vanuatu, indicating a western group and an eastern group.These results are congruent both for the endemic species, S. aiensis and for the cosmopolitan species. Finally, we found that, for S. lagocephalus, the cosmopolitan species, New Caledonian samples are close to western Vanuatu samples, the latter two being well differentiated from the eastern Vanuatu samples. The explanation for these results may lay either in the influence of environmental factors on the otolith shape, or in the influence of common early life history thus reflecting genetic factors, or a combination of both.'



'This article seeks to determine whether PT Freeport Indonesia, an operating subsidiary of Freeport-McMoRan Copper and Gold Inc., has acted in environmentally and socially responsible ways in the context of its operations in Papua, Indonesia, and how well it has responded to the legacy left by its less responsible operations from 1973 until the mid-1990s. This objective is achieved by examining the impact on the resources and assets with which it comes into contact as part of its operations, as well as through a historical review of the province of Papua and its incorporation into Indonesia, entry into Papua, and the engagement with international and Indonesian politics.'



'This paper describes an indigenous hunting/fishing/trapping economy in the Taimyr Autonomous Region, northern Russia, and traces the continuities and developments in property since the collapse of the Soviet command economy in 1991. Indigenous relations to hunting grounds and renewable resources are discussed with ethnographic case material from Dolgan and Nganasan communities. Land tenure is analyzed in terms of inclusive and exclusive property and informal and formal resource management. The asymmetric growth and distribution of common-pool territories and private holdings is a central issue. A number of factors when examined together appear to favor common property and traditional management including ancestral frames of morality and access, crosscutting kin relationships, principles of ownership and mutual aid, cooperative hunting, sharing of meat and fish, as well as migration patterns of prey species and relative increases in the cost of freight transport since 1991. In addition, private holdings often make commercial sales and generally have better access to urban centers, while they are more closely regulated through land, tax, and environment offices of local government.'



Tragedy of the Commons model predicts the eventual overexploitation or degradation of all resources used in common. Given this unambiguous prediction, a surprising number of cases exist in which users have been able to restrict access to the resource and establish rules among themselves for its sustainable use. To assess the evidence, we first define common-property resources and present a taxonomy of property-rights regimes in which such resources may be held. Evidence accumulated over the last twenty-two years indicates that private, state, andcommunal property are all potentially viable resource management options. A more complete theory than Hardin's should incorporate institutional arrangements and cultural factors to provide for better analysis and prediction."



'Knowledge of New Caledonian palms (Arecaceae) has increased dramatically during the past few years with a wealth of new morphological, anatomical, ecological and molecular data now available. This information makes necessary several changes in the definition of New Caledonian endemic genera. In this article, we present a synopsis of all palm genera of New Caledonia and the subtribes to which they belong, keys for their identification, and a checklist of the species with new combinations where necessary. We retain nine genera of Areceae instead of the 15 previously recognised. The monotypic genera Alloschmidia, Campecarpus, Moratia, Lavoixia and Veillonia, and the bispecific genus Brongniartikentia, are reduced into synonymy with other genera. We provide a description and discussion of the correspondingly enlarged genera Basselinia, Cyphophoenix, Cyphokentia and Clinosperma, as well as notes on the four subtribes now recognised on the island: Livistoninae, Archontophoenicinae, Clinospermatinae and Basseliniinae. In addition, we formally incorporate the monotypic genus Lepidorrhachis from Lord Howe Island within the Basseliniinae. As a result of the changes made here at the generic and specific levels, the family Arecaceae in New Caledonia now comprises 10 genera and 38 species. Five new combinations are made.'



Abstract not available



'In an attempt to elucidate the origin of an isolated peripheral Highland, Papua New Guinea population (the Karimui), HLA, blood group and serum protein markers were investigated. Due to the paucity of published HLA marker data, genetic distances using non-HLA markers were constructed between populations surrounding the Karimui and compared in 3-dimensions by multidimensional scaling analysis. Genetically, the Karimui is most closely associated with Highland populations to the east and northeast.In a attempt to develop a more global view of relationships, distances constructed from HLA marker data between 2 close Highland populations, 2 Coastal Papua New Guinea populations and 4 Australian aborigine populations were compared. The Karimui associated most closely with the Highland populations and equidistantly and at opposite poles from both the Coastal Papuan and aborigine populations. A paradigm of the composition of the founder group and the early population dynamics is developed from genetic, linguistic and anthropologic data.'



Abstract not available



'BackgroundRetracing the genetic histories of the descendant populations of the Slave Trade (16th-19th centuries) is particularly challenging due to the diversity of African ethnic groups involved and the different hybridisation processes with Europeans and Amerindians, which have blurred their original genetic inheritances. The Noir Marron in French Guiana are the direct descendants of maroons who escaped from Dutch plantations in the current day Surinam. They represent an original ethnic group with a highly blended culture. Uniparental markers (mtDNA and NRY) coupled with HTLV-1 sequences (env and LTR) were studied to establish the genetic relationships linking them to African American and African populations.ResultsAll genetic systems presented a high conservation of the African gene pool (African ancestry: mtDNA = 99.3%; NRY = 97.6%; HTLV-1 env = 20/23; HTLV-1 LTR = 6/8). Neither founder effect nor genetic drift was detected and the genetic diversity is within a range commonly observed in Africa. Higher genetic similarities were observed with the populations inhabiting the Bight of Benin (from Ivory Coast to Benin). Other ancestries were identified but they presented an interesting sex-bias. Whilst male origins spread throughout the north of the bight (from Benin to Senegal), female origins were spread throughout the south (from the Ivory Coast to Angola).ConclusionsThe Noir Marron are unique in having conserved their African genetic ancestry, despite major cultural exchanges with Amerindians and Europeans through inhabiting the same region for four centuries. Their maroon identity and the important number of slaves deported in this region have maintained the original African diversity. All these characteristics permit to identify a major origin located in the former region of the Gold Coast and the Bight of Benin; regions highly impacted by slavery, from which goes a sex-biased longitudinal gradient of ancestry.'



Abstract not available



'This paper presents a simple and practical method for stratifying taro germplasm based on morpho-agronomical characters. More than 450 accessions of taro collected throughout Vanuatu and established in a field collection were described using 19 descriptors. A hierarchical approach was used to stratify the agro-morphological variation. Three sampling strategies were tested and the variation captured within each sample was compared for the frequencies of characters. The first sample (S1) was randomly selected; the second sample (S2) was conducted within the subgroups produced by the stratification method, and the third sample (S3) was based on UPGMA clustering within each subgroup. AFLP markers were used to compare the diversity between S3 and a fourth sample (S4) that included the parents of the Vanuatu breeding programme, and more diversity was found in S3. AFLPs were found to be useful to validate the hierarchical approach used for stratification. These studies have confirmed the narrow genetic base of the Vanuatu taro germplasm. They have been useful for detecting duplicates and fingerprinting of accessions.'



'Ambrym in Vanuatu is a persistently degassing island volcano whose inhabitants harvest rainwater for their potable water needs. The findings from this study indicate that dental fluorosis is prevalent in the population due to fluoride contamination of rainwater by the volcanic plume. A dental survey was undertaken of 835 children aged using the Index of Fluorosis. Prevalence of dental fluorosis was found to be 96% in the target area of West Ambrym, 71% in North Ambrym, and 61% in Southeast Ambrym. This spatial distribution appears to reflect the prevailing winds and rainfall patterns on the island. Severe cases were predominantly in West Ambrym, the most arid part of the island, and the most commonly affected by the volcanic plume. Over downwind, on a portion of Malakula Island, the dental fluorosis prevalence was 85%, with 36% prevalence on Tongoa Island, an area rarely affected by volcanic emissions. Drinking water samples from West Ambrym contained fluoride levels from 0.7 to F (average with 99% exceeding the recommended concentration of The pathway of fluoride-enriched rainwater impacting upon human health as identified in this study has not previously been recognised in the aetiology of fluorosis. This is an important consideration for populations in the vicinity of degassing volcanoes, particularly where rainwater comprises the primary potable water supply for humans or animals.'



Abstract not available



'Habitat fragmentation is a major threat to biodiversity, as it can alter ecological processes at various spatial and trophic scales. At the species level, fragmentation leading to the isolation of populations can trigger reductions in genetic diversity, potentially having detrimental effects on population fitness, adaptability and ultimately population persistence. Leptomyrmex pallens is a widespread rainforest ant endemic to New Caledonia but now confined to habitat patches that have been fragmented by anthropogenic fire regimes over the last We investigated the social structure of L. pallens in the region (c.a. and assessed the impacts of habitat fragmentation on its population genetic structure. Allele frequencies at 13 polymorphic microsatellite loci were compared among 411 worker ants from 21 nests distributed across the region. High within-nest relatedness and a single queen found in of the nests by pedigree analysis indicate that the species is monogynous to weakly polygynous. Estimates of gene flow and genetic structure across the region were subsequently determined using a combined dataset of single workers per nest and of unrelated foraging workers. These estimates coupled with a comprehensive landscape genetic analysis revealed no evidence of significant population structure or habitat effects, suggesting that the region harbours a single panmictic population. In contrast, analyses of mitochondrial DNA sequence data revealed a high degree of genetic structuring, indicating limited maternal gene flow and suggesting that gene flow among nests is driven primarily by winged males. Overall these findings suggest that fire-induced habitat fragmentation has had little impact on the population dynamics of L. pallens. Additional studies of less mobile species should therefore be conducted to gain further insights into fire related disturbances on the unique biodiversity and function of New Caledonian ecosystems.'



'Recent criticisms of the use of historically and ethnographically recorded conflicts as models for warfare in prehistoric times force archaeologists to reexamine assumptions about the frequency, severity, and effects of intergroup fighting. In eastern North America, skeletons of victims and palisaded only information consistently available on intergroup that the prevalence of conflicts varied greatly over time and space. Occasionally the attacks, typically ambushes of small numbers of people, cumulatively resulted in numerous casualties. Variation in palisade strength is consistent with the organizational structure and warrior mobilization potential of late prehistoric societies in different parts of the Eastern Woodlands.'



'Recent criticisms of the use of historically and ethnographically recorded conflicts as models for warfare in prehistoric times force archaeologists to reexamine assumptions about the frequency, severity, and effects of intergroup fighting. In eastern North America, skeletons of victims and palisaded only information consistently available on intergroup that the prevalence of conflicts varied greatly over time and space. Occasionally the attacks, typically ambushes of small numbers of people, cumulatively resulted in numerous casualties.Variation in palisade strength is consistent with the organizational structure and warrior mobilization potential of late prehistoric societies in different parts of the Eastern Woodlands.'



'This is a description of species area effects for Agromyzidae associated with leguminous plants. The data on geographic area was extracted from the National Museums of Kenya (Herbarium section). The geographic area species plots showed an effective partial correlation of 16%. The correlation was unfortunately low and could be attributed to inadequate botanical and agromyzid records in Kenya. Generally, geographical area explained most of the species richness in Kenya. Other variations not accounted for by the logarithmic plot of species-area effects were derived from residuals. The plots between residuals and different variables showed that leaf-form, habitat variation, altitude and taxonomic isolation also explained variation in species area plots.'



"Megapode chicks hatch underground at a depth of between 40 and 150 cm, where external heat sources incubate the eggs. They dig themselves out without assistance from their parents. This is the first detailed study describing how long chicks remain under the soil and how they behave in this environment. 31 chicks of the Australian Brush-turkey (Alectura lathami) were observed while buried under a 40 cm high column of soil in a heated, transparent box. It took them, on average, 40 h (median) to reach the surface (range h). After hatching, they only moved enough to form a small cavity within the soil in which they remained almost motionless for an average of 16 h (median). During this time, they dried their plumage, lost the chorioallantoic membrane, and presumably aerated their lungs and air sacs. After the initial resting period, for an average of 21 h (median) they dug upwards in short bouts only, traversing merely 8 cm. During this time they kept free a small cavity around themselves, in which they rested, preened and pecked at items in the soil, some of them invertebrates. Chicks covered the greatest distances (median 23 cm) within the last min before emerging from the soil, while digging and pushing vigorously towards the surface, almost non-stop. If it is assumed that other, more endangered megapode species behave in a similar manner following hatching, these results suggest that in captive-release programs, chicks should not be released before the age of approximately 40 h, when they usually leave their natural incubation site. On the basis of these results I also critically discuss the classification of megapodes as The present observations suggest that many aspects of the chicks' behaviour, such as the long resting period after hatching, differ little from other precocial birds."



concerns about pressures of global change on small-scale fishing communities have resulted in a proliferation of livelihood diversification initiatives linked to tourism. Where the focus is often on the role of financial, physical, and human capital in influencing the uptake of new opportunities, we argue for more consideration of the role of social capital. We implemented 157 household-level surveys in small-scale fishing communities in Papua New Guinea and modelled the influence of social and other capital assets on perceptions of how easy it would be to become involved in sportfishing tourism. Social capital had a stronger influence relative to other forms of capital, with perceptions of reciprocity and satisfaction with leadership being the most influential aspects. Based on these results, we stress the importance of developing strategies aimed at understanding, building, and maintaining social capital and related social dynamics when implementing livelihood diversification initiatives.'



'Urban agriculture is receiving increasing attention throughout the developing world, but debate rages as to whether it is a blessing or a curse. Some see it as savior for the poor, providing food, and livelihoods, yet to others it is responsible for harboring and vectoring pathogenic diseases and is an archaic practice that has no place along the path toward development. Consequently, the activity receives a mixed reception, and despite much support in many instances, it certainly does not enjoy universal unimpeded progress. Here, we undertake a global tour of urban agriculture throughout the developing world in an attempt to elucidate the various benefits, costs, and hindrances associated with the practice. Through this analysis we identify the need for better understanding of the following six aspects if urban agriculture is to make a meaningful contribution to food security and sustenance of livelihoods in the future: (1) the global and regional extent of urban agriculture; (2) the contribution of urban agriculture to communicable diseases, especially malaria but also diarrheal disease; (3) the role that urban agriculture does and/or could play in abating both malnutrition and obesity; (4) the impacts of urban agriculture on women; (5) appropriate methods of achieving governance and institutional support; and (6) the risks posed by chemical pollutants, particularly as Africa becomes increasingly industrialized. Overlaying these, we suggest that the time is ripe to extend the debate about urban positive and negative environmental in relation to carbon primarily a developed world concern to the developing world, particularly since it is the developing world where population growth and consequent resource use is increasing most rapidly.'



Abstract not available



'Taro (Colocasia esculenta) and the greater yam (Dioscorea alata) are staples in Vanuatu. The aim of the present study was to assess the role of somaclonal variations in the varietal diversification of these two clonally propagated crops. The study was conducted in six villages located each on distinct islands of Vanuatu, Melanesia. Overall, 203 varieties of taro and 80 varieties of yam were collected and DArTs were used for analysis. The overall quality of the DArT markers was high for both species. The percentage of polymorphic clones detected on the DArT array was low for taro and high for yam, with respectively 202 and 499 polymorphic clones. Each variety was characterized by its multilocus genotype based on its DArT presence/absence profile. For taro, the 203 varieties were represented by 126 unique genotypes and 34 distinct multilocus lineages (MLLs). The high number of unique genotypes and the presence of few varieties sharing a clonal origin, generated a high varietal richness index For yam, the 80 varieties were represented by seven unique genotypes and 16 MLLs. The low number of unique genotypes and the presence of numerous varieties sharing a clonal origin generated a low varietal richness index Possible factors contributing to these contrasting results are discussed. DArT markers provide evidence that somaclonal variants of taro and yam are selected as new varieties. Strategies aiming at strengthening capacity to adapt to forthcoming changes should consider the introduction of allelic diversity into varietal portfolios.'



'Achieving sustainable development globally requires multilevel and interdisciplinary efforts and perspectives. Global goals shape priorities and actions at multiple scales, creating cascading impacts realized at the local level through the direction of financial resources and implementation of programs intended to achieve progress towards these metrics. We explore ways to localize global goals to best support human well-being and environmental health by systematically comparing the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) with regionally-derived well-being dimensions that encompass components of resilience across the Pacific Islands. Our research shows that, in the context of the Pacific, there are overlaps but also significant gaps between regional conceptions of well-being and the globally-derived SDGs. Some dimensions, related to human health and access to infrastructure and finances, are well represented in the SDGs. Other dimensions of high importance when localizing perspectives of well-being, such as those regarding connections between and across people and place and Indigenous and local knowledge, are not. Furthermore, internationally generated indicators may result in trade-offs and measurement challenges in local contexts. Creating space for place-based values in global sustainability planning aligns with international calls for transformational changes needed to achieve global goals. We identify challenges in applying SDG indicators at the local level and provide lessons learned to foster equitable and holistic approaches and outcomes for sustainability.'



'We monitored nine butterfly communities with varying degrees of human disturbance by conducting a census twice a month during 1980 by the line transect method in and around Tsukuba City, central Japan. We analyzed the biodiversity and community structures using the generalist/specialist concept. The site (community) order based on decreasing human disturbance was positively correlated with butterfly species diversity species richness (the total number of species), and the number of specialist species in a community, but not with the number of generalist species. The number of generalist species was rather constant, irrespective of the degree of human disturbance. Thus, both the butterfly species diversity and species richness were more dependent on the specialists than the generalists. Our analyses also showed that the generalist species were distributed widely over the communities, and they maintained high population densities, resulting in high rank status in abundance in a community, with more spatial variation in density per species. Specialist species showed the opposite trends. These results demonstrate that the generalist/specialist concept is a powerful tool applicable to analyse the biodiversity and structure of natural communities.'



Abstract not available



'This article offers a close analysis of a body of ethnographic material on the rhetoric and ritual accompanying bridewealth exchange and argues both for the perspective it provides on the dynamics of cultural continuity, and for the contemporary significance of such continuity for theorising the politics of globalisation. study on provides a perspective on bridewealth,  both as praxis of continuity and of articulation with global processes. I conclude this article by posing the question of whether subjects such as the Maring of Papua New Guinea can be said to have agency at the global level. I argue that the condition of such agency is the alienation of that agency from their specificity as subjects.'



'This article presents a survey of Neolithic economy, land use, trade, natural environment, and usage of plant and animal resources in central Europe, B.C. bc). Early, Middle A and B and Late Neolithic materials are summarized and compared. The earliest farmers expanded from southern Hungary and adjacent areas into central Europe over a relatively short time period, years. They occupied areas only with good soils; thus probably hunters and gatherers continued to exist in many regions of central Europe. There is an increase in population and more upland areas are exploited for farming during the Middle Neolithic A and B periods. By the Middle Neolithic B period, low-level hierarchical or ranked societies appear in some regions of central Europe. The Late Neolithic may represent a modification of the mixed farming strategy observed during the earlier periods. Perhaps the herding of domestic animals became more important.'



Abstract not available



'This article examines transformations associated with changes in resource use and land cover dynamics in the community of Manoel, state, in the eastern Brazilian Amazon. The shifting cultivator peasants in Manoel integrate swidden fields for annual cropping, the extraction of babassu palm products, and pastures for cattle ranching. Since the early twentieth century, predominant vegetative cover patterns have been altered from species-rich mature forests to secondary succession with babassu dominant to pasture or swidden fields containing palm stands of various densities. A grounded political ecology of resource use in the area suggests that management strategies and the resulting land cover dynamics integrate site-specific decisions of peasant producers. I discuss the trajectory of production strategies in Manoel since the establishment of the community in the 1920s, and identify the multiple dimensions affecting resource use and environmental outcomes, with an emphasis on the period following land struggles and the recovery of peasant tenure rights in the mid-1980s. The analysis indicates that socionatural trajectories that optimize resource use and address the socioeconomic needs of the community include the maintenance of palm/pastures associations.'



'Context The biodiversity hotspot for conservation of New Caledonia has facing high levels of forest fragmentation. Remnant forests are critical for biodiversity conservation and can help in understanding how does forest fragmentation affect tree communities.ObjectiveDetermine the effect of habitat configuration and availability on tree communities.MethodsWe mapped forest in a landscape and sampled 93 tree communities in 52 forest fragments following stratified random sampling. At each sampling point, we inventoried all trees with a diameter at breast height within a radius of We then analysed the response of the composition, the structure and the richness of tree communities to the fragment size and isolation, distance from the edge, as well as the topographical position.ResultsOur results showed that the distance from the forest edge was the variable that explained the greatest observed variance in tree assemblages. We observed a decrease in the abundance and richness of animal-dispersed trees as well as a decrease in the abundance of large trees with increasing proximity to forest edges. Near forest edges we found a shift in species composition with a dominance of stress-tolerant pioneer species.ConclusionsEdge-effects are likely to be the main processes that affect remnant forest tree communities after about a century of forest fragmentation. It results in retrogressive successions at the edges leading to a dominance of stress-tolerant species. The vegetation surrounding fragments should be protected to promote the long process of forest extension and subsequently reduce edge-effects.'



'BackgroundManagement strategies for coral reefs are dependant on information about the spatial population structure and connectivity of reef organisms. Genetic tools can reveal important information about population structure, however, this information is lacking for many reef species. We used a mitochondrial molecular marker to examine the population genetic structure and the potential for meta-population dynamics in a direct developing coral reef fish using 283 individuals from 15 reefs on the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. We employed a hierarchical sampling design to test genetic models of population structure at multiple geographical scales including among regions, among shelf position and reefs within regions. Predictions from island, isolation-by-distance and meta-population models, including the potential for asymmetric migration, local extinction and patterns of re-colonisation were examined.ResultsAcanthochromis polyacanthus displayed strong genetic structure among regions = 0.81, P < 0.0001) that supported an equilibrium isolation-by-distance model (r = 0.77, P = 0.001). Significant structuring across the continental shelf was only evident in the northern region = 0.31, P < 0.001) and no evidence of isolation-by-distance was found within any region. Pairwise values indicated overall strong but variable genetic structure (mean among reefs within regions = 0.28, 0.38, 0.41), and asymmetric migration rates among reefs with low genetic structure. Genetic differentiation among younger reefs was greater than among older reefs supporting a meta-population propagule-pool colonisation model. Variation in genetic diversities, demographic expansion and population growth estimates indicated more frequent genetic bottlenecks/founder effects and subsequent population expansion in the central and southern regions compared to the northern one.ConclusionOur findings provide genetic evidence for meta-population dynamics in a direct developing coral reef fish and we reject the equilibrium island and isolation-by distance models at local spatial scales. Instead, strong non-equilibrium genetic structure appears to be generated by genetic bottlenecks/founder effects associated with population reductions/extinctions and asymmetric migration/(re)-colonisation of such populations. These meta-population dynamics varied across the geographical range examined with edge populations exhibiting lower genetic diversities and higher rates of population expansion than more central populations. Therefore, coral reef species may experience local population reductions/extinctions that promote overall meta-population genetic differentiation.'



'Coral reef ecosystems are among the most biologically diverse ecosystems on the planet. In addition to their value in terms of biodiversity, coral reefs provide food and resources for over people. Despite their importance, coral reefs are declining at a rapid rate per year) as a result of a range of local (e.g., overexploitation of fisheries, declining water quality) and global (e.g., global warming and ocean acidification) drivers. Extensive experimental and field evidence suggests that atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations of will lead to the loss of coral-dominated reef systems, with the prospect that dangerous levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide for coral reefs were exceeded in 1979 when mass coral bleaching was reported for the first time. The exact response of coral reefs remains uncertain although it is highly unlikely that coral-dominated reef systems will be present in future oceans at the current rate of warming and acidification of the tropical oceans. The loss of these important coastal ecosystems will diminish the resources available to hundreds of millions of people along tropical coastlines. Understanding the impacts on people and industry is an imperative if we are to devise effective systems by which tropical coastal communities are to adapt to rapidly changing tropical coastal environments. Our current understanding of these important issues, however, is in a relatively undeveloped state and must be a priority of future research.'



'Agro-morphological variation in the taro germplasm of Papua New Guinea was estimated using 18 polymorphicdescriptor states to aid in the selection of a core sample for the formation of a regional core collection currentlybeing assembled under the Taro Network for Southeast Asia and Oceania. A total of 276 accessions were strati-fied into five homogenous groups by using a hierarchical approach according to botanical variety (dasheen oreddoe), altitude (high or low) and stolon formation (present or absent). In selecting the core sample, the eddoegroup were directly included because of their rarity in the germplasm collection. While, a ten per cent samplefraction within each group of the dasheen types were selected based on principal component scores. A total of 31accessions were selected for the core sample. Multivariate analysis of the core sample revealed wide variation,which was mainly influenced by botanical variety, plant height, lamina colour and variegation, petiole colour,corm shape, corm weight and palatability. Cluster analysis identified two homogeneous clusters based on predominantcharacters that should be useful to breeders. The results obtained in this study provide useful backgroundinformation for further development of a national core collection.'



Abstract not available



Abstract not available



'The renaissance in the theoretical analysis of intergovernmental organizations (IGOs) has focused on formal IGOs (FIGOs), but many IGOs are subject to no formal treaty and/or have no permanent secretariat. Important examples of informal IGOs (IIGOs) include the G-groups that are the locus of much high-level interaction among states. We develop the spectrum of intergovernmental arrangements to show the wide variation in the formalization of international institutions and theorize when states will choose informal arrangements such as an IIGO over (or in combination with) a FIGO. A paired case comparison illustrates our claims that states use IIGOs when they need flexibility, to protect their sovereignty, to maintain close control of information, to lower short term transaction costs for speed, to minimize bureaucracy and to manage uncertainty during times of crisis. Finally, we examine how institutional choice is influenced by power.'



'Maximum parsimony and maximum likelihood analyses based on partial trnL intron sequences of 60 specimens of the Gondwanan liverwort family Pallaviciniaceae, and 23 representatives of other families of the Metzgeriidae, resolve the Pallaviciniaceae as monophyletic, albeit with low bootstrap support, with the Hymenophytaceae as their sistergroup in the likelihood tree. These data and further analyses of the Pallaviciniacean taxa only, based on the trnTUGU-trnLUAA spacer, trnLUAA and trnLUAA intron of the chloroplast DNA and the ITS2 of the nuclear ribosomal DNA, support a separation of Moerckia (Moerckioideae) from the remaining genera. An unexpected close relationship between Podomitrium (Podomitrioideae) and the Symphyogynoideae is observed, whereas Pallavicinia and the Pallavicinioideae are polyphyletic. Within Symphyogyna, well-supported clades comprising the species with dendroid and prostrate-lobate thalli on the one hand and species with prostrate-undivided thalli on the other hand (except S. tenuinervis, including Symphyogynopsis) are distinguished. According to the molecular data, evolution of the dendroid life-form occurred three times independently in the Metzgeriidae, in Symphyogyna, Jensenia, and Hymenophyton.'



'Climate change impacts on marine fisheries are being observed in tropical regions, including northern Australia and the Pacific. In the Torres Strait, Islanders have a long association with their sea country that holds significant cultural, social and economic importance. Future impacts of climate change on marine fisheries stocks and supporting habitats will affect Torres Strait Islander communities. We assessed the relative vulnerability of 15 key fishery species in Torres Strait using a semi-quantitative framework modified from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that integrated both ecological and social indicators of exposure, sensitivity and adaptive capacity. The assessment identified species with high, medium and low vulnerability to projected climate change in 2030. The species assessed as having the highest vulnerability were: Holothuria whitmaei (black teatfish), Pinctada margaritifera (black-lipped pearl oyster), Dugong dugon (dugong), and Trochus niloticus (trochus). A separate prioritisation process that considered the cultural and economic value of species identified three high priority species for future management focus: D. dugon, marine turtles (principally Chelonia mydas) and Panulirus ornatus (tropical rock lobster). These results can inform fishers and managers to prepare for the effects of climate change and minimise impacts. The relatively healthy condition of most fisheries in the Torres Strait is likely to assist successful adaptation.'



F.Muell is a genus of rainforest trees or shrubs native to New Guinea, New Britain, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and eastern Australia. There is debate about the number of species that should be recognised in the genus. Four species have been named, but authors have commonly recognised only two species, and some recent treatments accept just one widespread species with a broad ecological range. We sequenced two nrDNA markers (ITS and ETS) and two cpDNA markers (rbcL and from samples across the range of Halfordia in Australia and New Caledonia. Three allopatric nrDNA groups were resolved: one from southeast Queensland and northern New South Wales (Group A); one from the Wet Tropics region of North Queensland (Group B); and one from the Cape York region of North Queensland, Torres Strait and New Caledonia (Group C). These groups were also partly differentiated by more slowly evolving cpDNA markers; the exception was one widespread haplotype in Australia (presumed ancestral). The nrDNA groups support recognition of three previously described species: H. leichhardtii (Group A), H. scleroxyla (Group B) and H. kendack (Group C). Divergences among eastern Australia populations are best explained by vicariance and correlate with geographic breaks documented for other taxa (ranging in estimated ages from the mid-late Miocene to the Pleistocene). The broad distribution of Group C, from Cape York to New Caledonia, with less genetic divergence, arguably reflects recent range expansion into New Caledonia involving bird dispersal of fleshy fruits.'



