Hello
'Using IUCN Red List species as biodiversity surrogates, supplemented with additional analyses based on ecoregional diversity, priority areas for conservation in Mesoamerica, and the Tropical Andes were identified using the methods of systematic conservation planning. ecological niches were modeled from occurrence records using a maximum entropy algorithm. Niche models for 78 species were refined to produce geographical distributions. Areas were prioritized for conservation attention using a complementarity-based algorithm implemented in the ResNet software package. Targets of representation for Red List species were explored from 10 to 90% of the modeled distributions at 10% increments; for the 53 ecoregions, the target was 10% for each ecoregion. Selected areas were widely dispersed across the region, reflecting the widespread distribution of Red List species in Mesoamerica, and the Tropical Andes, which underscores the importance for biodiversity. In general, existing protected areas were no more representative of biodiversity than areas outside them. Among the countries in the region, the protected areas of Belize performed best and those of Colombia and Ecuador worst. A high representation target led to the selection of a very large proportion of each country except Colombia and Ecuador (for a 90% target, of each country was selected). Since such large proportions of land cannot realistically be set aside as parks or reserves, biodiversity conservation in Mesoamerica, and the Tropical Andes will require integrative landscape management which combines human use of the land with securing the persistence of biota.''Diversity determinants have mostly been evaluated in high diversity areas, leaving behind regions with less species diversity such as drylands. Here we aim to analyze the patterns of plant diversity in tropical drylands in the southern Central Andes, and determine the importance of water, energy, and environmental heterogeneity as diversity determinants of the arid and semi-arid adapted flora. We examined the distribution of 645 native species from lowlands to in the north-western region of Argentina (NWA) and define hotspots of diversity within each NWA ecoregion. Diversity is concentrated in regions of middle elevation with intermediate values of water and energy, at the transition between arid and semi-arid regions. Furthermore, we showed that in tropical drylands energy input is as fundamental for plant diversity as water input is and, we found that the effects of these variables varied with elevation and, also with aridity. Water variables had the strongest effect on the flora in the arid high Andean ecoregions, where an increase in precipitation during the growing season stimulated species diversity. Energy only became more important than water when the arid adapted flora entered the low and semi-arid regions where energy increments reduce species diversity. Our analysis provides strong quantitative support for climate variables as the main determinants of plant diversity across different ecoregions of the southern Central Andes. Given the present climate change events, knowing how these variables affect the distribution of the arid adapted flora is crucial for planning strategies for achieve their present and future conservation.''Conserving diversity and ecosystem services in the northern Andes is urgent, and understanding factors that control vegetation changes is therefore crucial. Although anthropogenic activities have been common in the Andean highlands for centuries, the role of human influence in shaping vegetation remains unclear. To assess the relative importance of human disturbance associated with cattle farming and cultivation for plant species diversity and composition, we analyzed variables driven by both natural and human impact in the Colombia. Canonical correspondence analysis (CCA) showed that the main gradient in plant species composition is related to the gradient of human impact. Partial CCA showed that the pure effect of the variables driven by human impact on floristic composition is twice the size of the pure effect of the variables driven by natural impact. Forward selection procedure indicated that the impact of human disturbance on floristic composition is determined by the level of accessibility. Vegetation patterns are driven by a complex set of elevation-related environmental factors, and human disturbance plays a primary role. Strict protection should be granted to remote and upper sites of the Restriction of fire and agriculture along steep slopes may counteract negative effects of human disturbance on plant species diversity.''The impacts of land use and land cover (LULC) change in buffer zones surrounding protected ecological reserves have important implications for the management and conservation of these protected areas. This study examines the spatial and temporal patterns of LULC change along the boundary of Rio Abiseo National Park in the Northern Peruvian Andes. Landscape change within four ecological zones was evaluated based on trends expected to occur between 1987 and 2001. Landsat TM and ETM imagery were used to produce LULC classification maps for both years using a hybrid supervised/unsupervised approach. LULC changes were measured using landscape metrics and from-to change maps created by post-classification change detection. Contrary to expectations, tropical upper wet montane forest increased despite being threatened by human-induced fires and cattle grazing of the highland grasslands inside the park. Within the buffer zone, tropical moist forest remnants were fragmented into more numerous and smaller patches between 1987 and 2001; this was in part due to conversion into agricultural land. The methods used in this study provide an effective way to monitor LULC change detection and support the management of protected areas and their surrounding environments.''Natural regeneration of abandoned farmland provides an important opportunity to contribute to global reforestation targets, including the Bonn Challenge. Of particular importance are the montane tropics, where a long history of farming, frequently on marginal soils, has rendered many ecosystems highly degraded and hotspots of extinction risk. Ants play crucial roles in ecosystem functioning, and a key question is how time since abandonment and elevation (and inherent temperature gradients therein) affect patterns of ant recovery within secondary forest systems. Focusing on the Colombian Andes across a altitudinal gradient and secondary forest recovering on abandoned cattle pastures, we find that over time ant community composition and species richness recovered towards that of primary forest. However, these relationships are strongly dependent on elevation with the more open and warmer pasturelands supporting more ants than either primary or secondary forest at a particular elevation. The loss of species richness and change in species composition with elevation is less severe in pasture than forests, suggesting that conditions within pasture and its remaining scattered trees, hedgerows and forest fragments, are more favourable for some species, which are likely in or near thermal debt. Promoting and protecting natural regenerating forests over the long term in the montane tropics will likely offer significant potential for returning ant communities towards primary forest levels.''Vegetation restoration during old-field succession was studied in an alpine Andean ecosystem (paramo). 123 plots with different fallow times (1 to 12 years) and 8 plots under natural vegetation were sampled. The results indicate that secondary succession in the paramo, like in other extreme environments, can be interpreted as an autosuccession: there are mainly changes in species relative abundance and little floristic relay (i.e. species turnover). Only a few herbaceous species, mostly introduced (e.g. Rumex acetosella), act as strict pioneers and strongly dominate the early stages. Then, they undergo a progressive decline, while native forbs (e.g. Lupinus meridanus) and grasses (e.g. Vulpia myuros) have their peak abundance in intermediate stages. The characteristic paramo life forms, sclerophilous shrubs (e.g. Baccharis prunifolia, Hypericum laricifolium) and giant rosettes (e.g. Espeletia schultzii), appear very early and gradually increase in abundance during succession, becoming dominant in the late stages and showing a dual behaviour, both as ruderal and stress tolerant species. The 1st axis of a Detrended Correspondence Analysis arranges the sites according to their fallow time. The 2nd and 3rd axes, associated with diverging pathways of regeneration, are correlated with topographic factors and physio-chemical soil characteristics. Hence, structural divergence between plots increases along succession as community composition starts to reflect the conditions of each site. We found evidence of a constant rate of succession during the first 12 years, contradicting the generally accepted hypothesis in the succession literature of a continous slow down up to the climax. Regeneration of vegetation physiognomy is relatively fast, questioning the prevailing idea of slow restoration in alpine ecosystems. However, 12 years of fallow are insufficient to attain the species richness of the natural paramo. Under the current trend of fallow length reduction observed in traditional potato cultivation in the Andes, our results raise doubts about the conservationist value of this management strategy.''Climate changes occurring during the past several decades in the high elevations of the tropical Andes Mountains have implications for the native plant and animal species, for the ecological integrity of the affected land cover, and for the human-biophysical systems involved. Consequences are also probable for rural inhabitants and their livelihoods, especially for farmers and pastoralists. Biophysical factors have always changed in these mountainous zones; the extent and degree of alteration acting on native and agricultural biodiversity is the concern. Addressing these climate changes is probably within the adaptive capacity of many local land-use systems, unless external socioeconomic or political forces are unsupportive or antagonistic. Suitable programs to provide information, subsidies, or alternatives could be designed. We highlight some of the inherent resiliencies of natural and cultural systems in the Andes and suggest that these systems contain lessons that could be useful elsewhere, in terms of the traits that allow for the sustainable utilization of dynamic and heterogeneous landscapes.''During germplasm explorations carried out in Peru and Colombia, interbreeding complexes of wild and cultivated common bean were observed in both countries, eight in Apurimac and Cusco departments of Peru and eight in Cundinamarca and departments of Colombia. The existence of complexes was evidenced both by segregation of wild and cultivated morphological traits in certain populations, and by the presence of genetically stabilized weedy types which were assumed to have arisen from past hybridization. Observations on phaseolin seed protein confirmed that genetic exchange was occurring. Phaseolin types introduced from other regions were in incipient stages of introgression into local populations. On the other hand, local phaseolin types were observed in all phases of the complexes from totally wild to fully cultivated beans, suggesting that the complexes had undergone a long evolution. Complexes could be an effective means to generate genetic variability, introgressing genes from wild populations into cultivated types and complementing modern plant breeding programs. The conservation of such complexes depends on the continued existence of the wild, weedy and cultivated beans in close proximity; on the maintenance of a semi-domesticated environment; and on the willingness of farmers to leave weedy types in the field.''The most heavily glacierized tropical range in the world the Peruvian Cordillera Blanca has been losing ice since the end of the Little Ice Age (LIA). In this study, the decline of the Churup glacier S; W) and associated processes were documented employing multi-proxy approach including the analysis of remotely sensed images the Schmidt hammer rock test and lichenometric dating. It is shown that Churup glacier has lost the vast majority of its estimated LIA extent (1.05 0.1 km2; m3). The rate of glacier retreat is documented to vary in space (SE, SW and NW-facing slopes) and time, with the peak between 1986 and 1995. With an area of 0.045 km2 in 2016, it is expected that the complete deglaciation of the Churup valley is inevitable in the near future. Recently (post-LIA) exposed bedrock surfaces have shown higher R-values AVG 63.3, STDEV 2.9) compared to pre-LIA exposed surfaces AVG 50.1, STDEV 4.9), confirming the links to the duration of rock weathering. The Lichenometric dating is applied to recently exposed areas and elevations above 4800 m a.s.l., revealing only limited reliability and agreement with the age of deglaciation estimated from remotely-sensed images in such an environment.''Giant rosettes are ones of the most striking features of the vegetation in the high tropical Andes, with Coespeletia moritziana reaching the highest altitudes up to 4,600 m a.s.l. Different from other giant rosettes, this species grows on rock outcrops with poorly developed soils and where water availability may be limited. Two questions are addressed in this study: How does this species respond in terms of water relations to maintain favorable gas-exchange conditions? Considering that adult plants rely on a water-reserving central pith, how do early stages respond to this extreme conditions? Water relations and gas-exchange studies were carried out on juveniles, intermediate and adult C. moritziana plants during wet and dry seasons in de Piedras Blancas at 4,200 m a.s.l. Adult plants maintained higher leaf water potentials during the wet season, however, no differences between stages were found for the dry season. Minimum dry season were never near the turgor loss point in any of the stages. Juveniles show a more strict stomatal control during the dry season to maintain a favorable water status. Net photosynthesis significantly decreased in intermediate and juvenile stages from wet to dry seasons. Our results suggest that C. moritziana resists more extreme conditions compared to other Andean giant rosettes''Fungi are believed to be diverse in the tropics, but because many groups are only known from their DNA sequences this hampers comparative diversity studies. We investigated mycorrhizal Sebacinales (Basidiomycota) of 67 individuals of Ericaceae and Orchidaceae in a tropical mountain ecosystem in Southern Ecuador to provide a first estimate of whether these fungi are particularly diverse in the Northern Andes. We partially sequenced the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) and large subunit (LSU) regions of the nuclear ribosomal DNA and analyzed them together with all Sebacinales sequences available from GenBank. The clustering optimization technique was used to determine clustering parameters that maximize the comparability between molecular operational taxonomic units (MOTUs) obtained from the distinct loci. Sampling effort and species richness were estimated with rarefaction-accumulation curves and non-parametric estimation using Chao2 and compared between Southern Ecuador and France. Clustering optimization indicated that a 1% LSU distance threshold corresponds to the commonly used 3% dissimilarity threshold for ITS, and that a clustering algorithm close to single-linkage clustering is optimal. The resulting clusters show that about of observed Sebacinales MOTUs occur in the study area and that most of these MOTUs are endemic (74%). The widespread MOTUs from Southern Ecuador were also found in Panama, North America and Europe. The estimation of species richness revealed unsaturated sampling of Sebacinales in general and also in our study area. Our results suggest a high diversity of Sebacinales associated with Ericaceae and Orchidaceae at the study site in Southern Ecuador, but no hotspot of Sebacinales in comparison with other areas.''The dependence of aboveground biomass and productivity of tropical forests on soil fertility is not fully understood, since previous studies yielded contrasting results. Here, we quantify aboveground biomass (AGB) and stem wood production, and examine the impact of soil chemistry on these parameters in mature tropical forest stands of the equatorial Andes in Ecuador. In 80 plots of at four elevation levels (500, 1,000, 1,500 and total sample we measured ten important soil chemical parameters, inventoried all trees and monitored stem diameter growth with dendrometer tapes in 32 plots. Top canopy height and stem density significantly decreased from 500 to while tree basal area increased and AGB remained invariant with elevation. Wood specific gravity (WSG) showed a significant, but small, decrease. Stem wood production decreased from 4.5 to along the transect, indicating a higher biomass turnover at lower elevations. The only soil variable that covaried with AGB was exchangeable K in the topsoil. WSG increased with decreases in N mineralisation rate, soil pH and extractable Ca and P concentrations. Structural equation modelling (SEM) revealed that nitrogen availability acts on stem wood production only indirectly through a negative relation between N mineralisation rate and WSG, and a positive effect of a lowered WSG on stem growth. The SEM analysis showed neither direct nor indirect effects of resin-extractable P on wood production, but a negative P influence on AGB. We conclude that nitrogen availability significantly influences productivity in these Andean forests, but both N and P are affecting wood production mainly indirectly through alterations in WSG and stem density; the growth-promoting effect of N is apparently larger than that of P.''BackgroundThe Sierra Nevada del in the Colombian Andes is protected as a National Natural Park since 1977 because of its fragile ecosystems, extraordinary biodiversity, high plant endemism, and function as water reservoir. The vegetation on this mountain is threatened by expanding agriculture, deforestation, tourism, and climate change. We present an ethnobotanical inventory among local farmer communities and discuss the effects of vegetation change on the availability of useful plants.MethodsWe used 76 semi-structured, 4 in-depth interviews, and 247 botanical collections to record the ethnoflora of the farmers and surveyed from the high Andean forest to the including native and introduced species. We organized 3 participative workshops with local children, high school students, and women to share the data we acquired in the field and empower local plant conservation awareness.ResultsWe encountered 174 useful plants, most of them native to the area (68%) and almost one third introduced (32%). The Compositae was the most species-rich family, followed by Lamiaceae, Poaceae, and Rosaceae. The majority of plant species were used as medicine, followed by food, firewood, and domestic tools. Local farmers reported declining numbers of species, which were now only found at higher altitudes than before. Although our informants were worried about the preservation of their natural resources and noticed the effects of climate change, for several commercial species, unsustainable land use and overharvesting seemed to be the direct cause of declining medicinal plant resources rather than climate change.ConclusionsWe recommend conservation plans that include vegetation monitoring, perceptions on climate change, and participative actions with the communities of the Sierra Nevada del'Almost all of the glaciers in the tropical latitudes are located in the Central Andes (Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador and Colombia). Due to their high altitude, to the high level of radiation and to the tropical climate dynamics, they all are particularly threatened by climate change, as a result of not only warming, but also of changing variability of precipitation. Many glaciers are of crucial importance for the livelihood of the local populations and even for three capitals, Lima (Peru), La Paz (Bolivia) and Quito (Ecuador), which depend on them for water and energy supplies. This paper shows that after a period of increased flow due to the glacier melt disequilibrium, the available water resource will decrease along with the rapid shrinking of the glaciers considered as water reservoirs. The case of the Cordillera Blanca (Peru) is analyzed more in detail with the mid-term and long-term centuries) impact of the glacier shrinking on the local water resources. Associated risks for the population and consequences for the human activities (tourism, hydropower, agriculture and stock-breeding, large-scale irrigation) are described at each stage of the mountain range.''We investigated the role of leaf litter chemistry and richness in affecting testate amoeba communities of tropical rainforest in the Ecuadorian Andes. Litterbags containing leaf litter from four dominating tree species (Clusia sp., Myrcia pubescens, Graffenrieda emarginata, and Cecropia andina) with richness 1, 2, and 4 species were established and exposed in the field for at a.s.l. Chemical elements and compounds of leaf litter were analyzed before exposure. At the end of exposure, microbial biomass and litter mass loss were measured, and living testate amoeba species number, density, biomass, and community composition were determined. In total, 125 testate amoeba species colonized the litter in litterbags. The results suggest that high litter nitrogen and low lignin concentrations are indicators of high litter quality for testate amoebae density and species richness. Their species number and density significantly declined in the order leaf litter species and varied with leaf litter chemistry being at a maximum in high-quality single leaf litter species and low in low-quality leaf litter. Further, the addition of litter of high-quality to low-quality litter increased testate amoebae biomass and density; however, the values did not exceed the ones in single high-quality litter treatments. Moreover, the structure of testate amoeba communities varied with litter chemistry, with Fe, Na, lignin, and litter C-to-N ratio being of major importance, and indicating that litter chemistry reflects habitat quality for testate amoebae. Overall, the data show that leaf litter chemistry overrides leaf litter richness in structuring testate amoeba communities.''Patterns of point, and and of an index of range size were studied for Acanthaceae, Araceae, Bromeliaceae, Melastomataceae, Palmae, and Pteridophyta in 204 vegetation plots of 400 m2 along an elevational gradient in humid montane forest at m in central Bolivia. Zonal forest point-diversity (mean species number per plot) and (extrapolated total species number) showed either hump-shaped curves or constant values from lowlands to mid-elevations, followed by a steep decline. These patterns correspond to the hypothesis of maximum diversity at intermediate levels of productivity, while for pteridophytes and epiphytic Bromeliaceae they also fitt a null-model of random distribution within bounded geographical ranges. The ratio of point to was surprisingly constant across study groups and elevation with values of Range size index (mean inverse range size of all species recorded at a given elevation) either increased with elevation, showed hump-shaped patterns, or remained roughly constant. Non-zonal habitats (ravines, ridge-tops, rock faces, roadsides, pastures) contributed significantly to overall species number for terrestrial herbs and shrubs of Bromeliaceae, Melastomataceae, and Pteridophyta, but not for Acanthaceae, Araceae, and epiphytic taxa. With few exceptions, endemism was most pronounced in zonal forests. These results imply that conservation measures should focus on zonal forests in a few large reserves at low and mid-elevations and in many smaller reserves at higher elevations.''Polylepis forests are threatened high Andean ecosystems that harbour unique species of flora and fauna. However, there is little information on the avifauna associated with these forests in the Central Andes of Peru. We evaluated 12 bird communities in the Lima and Huancavelica departments of Peru and recorded richness-abundance data that were used to perform an analysis of and using Hill numbers. In addition, we built two species matrices (presence-absence data) for three previously identified  key bird conservation areas and our study area, first with the species that regularly inhabit the Polylepis forests and second with the species of conservation interest. We found that the Polylepis forests of the Central Andes of Peru have a high diversity of birds. Some of these birds have a strong affinity for Polylepis forests, and another group is typical of the tree line of the Yungas. Moreover, we identified a unique set of 27 species of conservation interest in this region. Since the Central Andes of Peru also harbour three endemic species of Polylepis, it should be considered an important area for the conservation of high Andean biodiversity.''Air pollution assessment in the Tropical Andes requires a multidisciplinary approach. This can be supported from the understanding of the underlying biological dynamics and atmospheric behavior, to the mathematical approach for the proper use of all available information. This review paper touches on several aspects in which mathematical models can help to solve challenging problems regarding air pollution in reviewing the state-of-the-art at the global level and assessing the corresponding state of development as applied to the Tropical Andes. We address the complexities and challenges that modelling atmospheric dynamics in a mega-diverse region with abrupt topography entails. Understanding the relevance of monitoring and facing the problems of data scarcity, we call attention to the usefulness of data assimilation for uncertainty reduction, and how these techniques could help tackle the scarcity of regional monitoring networks to accelerate the implementation and development of modelling systems for air quality in the Tropical Andes. Finally, we suggest a cyberphysical framework for decision-making processes based on the data assimilation of chemical transport models, the forecast of scenarios, and their use in regulation and policy making.''North western Argentina, the southernmost portion of the tropical Andes, contains one of the main areas of endemism within the Southern Cone, as well as one of the main diversity hotspots of the country. Historically its reserve area systems have been located in the richest ecoregion of the area; the Southern Andean Yungas. We evaluated the effectiveness of the current protected areas in preserving the endemic flora of the region. The distributions of 505 endemic species were either modeled or included as observed data to determine endemism hotspots in each ecoregion. The endemic species were mainly found in arid ecoregions such as the High Monte and the Central Andean Puna, as well as in the transition zones between these regions and the Southern Andean Yungas. We found that more than 1/3 of the endemic species are unprotected in their entire ranges by the current system, while nearly half of the species are protected in only of their distribution ranges. New priority areas were chosen to increase the effectiveness based on the irreplaceability concept. We show that adding 251 new cells of each would improve the protection values and convert the system to effective. The present paper highlights that priorities set on the basis of species richness may not successfully conserve areas of high plant endemism. However, zoologist would have to realize similar assessments in the endemic fauna in order to find the optimal designed of protected areas system to conserve both the endemic flora and fauna in the Southern Central Andes.''Agroforestry systems have great potential to conserve biodiversity in highly-altered tropical landscapes. Although certain types of agroforestry, such as shade-coffee and cacao, are well known to support a diverse assemblage of resident and migratory birds, the ability of silvopastures to contribute to bird conservation is poorly understood. Important physiognomic differences among agroforestry systems suggest that the most effective habitat management strategies to support migratory birds may likewise differ. We surveyed two common agroforestry systems, shade-coffee plantations and silvopastures, in the Colombian Andes from 2011 to 2013 to identify which physiognomic features were most heavily associated with use by mixed-species flocks and migratory birds. Contrary to our expectations, the same management strategies may perform well in both systems. Flock activity increased with increasing canopy cover and tree density in both shade-coffee and silvopastoral systems. In addition, abundances of several migratory bird species within flocks increased with tree basal area and structural complexity, indicating that complex agroforests with a mid-range of canopy cover will provide the most suitable habitat for migrants attending mixed-species flocks. Our study suggests that suitability of shade-coffee and silvopastoral systems can be improved for overwintering migrants by increasing canopy cover to and incorporating emergent shade trees to produce a basal area of'Southern Chile experienced serious deforestation during the past century and it is projected that by the year 2025 Chile will be devoid of native forests. One of the most important endemic tree species of the country and at the same time one of the most endangered ones is (Mol.) C. Koch, the monkey-puzzle tree. It grows in the Andes Mountains, homeland of the indigenous Mapuche Pewenche people who depend on this tree. This paper is based on participatory field research with a Mapuche Pewenche community in the southern Chilean Andes on their ecological knowledge, values, use and management of the forest. It attempts to reveal how indigenous people and their knowledge contribute to the sustainable management of these forests. The paper (1) illustrates the complexity of indigenous ecological knowledge of and its efficacy in native forest management, (2) explores the link between the conservation and use of biodiversity by the indigenous people, and (3) provides answers relevant to native forest management and conservation strategies ex-situ and in-situ incorporating indigenous and scientific knowledge, thus providing a contribution towards integrated natural resource management.''Evaluation of the lichen flora of the Northern Andes must be based on a restricted number of better-known groups, probably less than 25% of the flora. This is because our knowledge of the taxonomy and distribution of lichens in the Tropics is still very incomplete.In the Andes, the groups with foliose and fruticose growth forms are particularly well represented; the crustose group seems less important. This is in contrast with the surrounding lowlands, where crustose is the dominant growth form. At higher taxonomic levels there is a resemblance in taxonomic composition with the cooler zones of the world, which disappears at the generic or sectional levels. A conspicuous morphological feature is the frequency of foliose lichens with linear, rhizinate, or ciliate lobes, probably an adaptation to very humid conditions.More than half of the species have a wide distribution throughout the Tropics or at least in the Neotropics. Among the more restricted taxa is a humid montane element. At the highest elevations a temperate element is apparent, usually with bicentric distribution in both hemispheres. Perhaps 10% of the species are known only from the region; local endemism is probably very scarce. A few taxa appear to be restricted to Ecuador and southern Colombia or Venezuela; so far, only a single species is known with certainty to be restricted to the humid paramos of Colombia. There are distinct affinities with the lichen flora of southeastern Brazil and the Caribbean-Central American area but not with the adjacent Guayana Highland.''ContextNatural regenerating forests are rapidly expanding in the tropics. Forest transitions have the potential to restore biodiversity. Spatial targeting of land use policies could improve the biodiversity benefits of reforesting landscapes.ObjectiveWe explored the relative importance of landscape attributes in influencing the potential of tree cover increase to restore native woody plant biodiversity at the landscape scale.MethodsWe developed land use scenarios that differed in spatial patterns of reforestation, using the Pangor watershed in the Ecuadorian Andes as a case study. We distinguished between reforestation through natural regeneration of woody vegetation in abandoned fallows and planted forests through managed plantations of exotic species on previously cultivated land. We simulated the restoration of woody plant biodiversity for each scenario using LANDIS-II, a process-based model of forest dynamics. A pair-case comparison of simulated woody plant biodiversity for each scenario was conducted against a random scenario.ResultsSpecies richness in natural regenerating fallows was considerably higher when occurring in: (i) close proximity to remnant forests; (ii) areas with a high percentage of surrounding forest cover; and (iii) compositional heterogeneous landscapes. Reforestation at intermediate altitudes also positively affected restoration of woody plant species. Planted exotic pine forests negatively affected species restoration.ConclusionsOur research contributes to a better understanding of the recolonization processes of regenerating forests. We provide guidelines for reforestation policies that aim to conserve and restore woody plant biodiversity by accounting for landscape attributes.''Many of the problems faced by international projects intending to create adaptive systems for climate change stem from lack of stakeholder engagement, limited understanding of local political, economic, and environmental complexities, and restricted time. Local organizations focused on conservation and development might have an advantage in creating adaptive systems because they understand local processes and are involved with communities for extended periods of time. A local non-governmental organization, Ecosistemas Andinos (ECOAN), works in twenty-one communities in the Andean highlands outside of Cusco to conserve the endangered Polylepis forests. As part of the conservation project, ECOAN supports community-led development projects such as building greenhouses. Data for this project were gathered through interviews (with community members in three different communities, ECOAN staff, and donors) and participant observation. This paper shows that extensive use of participation has led to community ownership of the conservation and development projects. The close connections to the Polylepis project contribute to resilience through creating networks, extending the local environmental ethic to the Polylepis trees, supporting projects that diversify and strengthen community sustenance, and contributing to the growth of economic activities. This case study provides a positive example of the potential for local organizations and people to take charge of their own resiliency efforts where international projects and protocols may otherwise prove ineffective.''The hydro-climatic variability of the Colombian Andes associated with El Oscillation (ENSO) is reviewed using records of rainfall, river discharges, soil moisture, and a vegetation index (NDVI) as a surrogate for evapotranspiration. Anomalies in the components of the surface water balance during both phases of ENSO are quantified in terms of their sign, timing, and magnitude. During El (La the region experiences negative (positive) anomalies in rainfall, river discharges (average and extremes), soil moisture, and NDVI. effects are phase-locked to the seasonal cycle, being stronger during and weaker during Besides, rainfall and river discharges anomalies show that the ENSO signal exhibits a westerly wave-like propagation, being stronger (weaker) and earlier (later) over the western (eastern) Andes. Soil moisture anomalies are land-cover type dependant, but overall they are enhanced by ENSO, showing very low values during El (mainly during dry seasons), but saturation values during La A suite of large-scale and regional mechanisms cooperating at the system are reviewed to explaining the identified hydro-climatic anomalies. This review contributes to an understanding of the hydro-climatic framework of a region identified as the most critical hotspot for biodiversity on Earth, and constitutes a wake-up call for scientists and policy-makers alike, to take actions and mobilize resources and minds to prevent the further destruction of the valuable hydrologic and biodiversity resources and ecosystems. It also sheds lights towards the implementation of strategies and adaptation plans to coping with threats from global environmental change.''Mountain forests deserve special attention from ecologists and conservation biologists given the ecosystem services they provide to society, and their threat under global change. In the subalpine region of the Andes, Polylepis woodlands occur as arboreal islands in a matrix of grassland and scrub. Due to overgrazing and burning, however, these woodland patches are believed to cover only 11% of their potential area in Bolivia, core area for Polylepis. We reviewed the knowledge on the species diversity for the Bolivian Polylepis woodland remnants, assessed the conservation status of the occurring species, determined their trophic niche, and related species richness with climatic variables and elevation. Based in 31 publications, we found 780 identified species occurring in Polylepis woodlands: 425 plants, 266 birds, 46 mammals, 35 butterflies and 8 reptiles. Ten of the 13 Bolivian Polylepis species, as well as 7 other plant species, 14 bird species and 4 mammal species were categorized as threatened or near threatened according to IUCN criteria. In general, plant species richness increased with increased precipitation and length of the growth season, while it decreased with increasing elevation. There was a positive relationship between bird species richness, precipitation and length of the growth season. The highest bird endemism in Polylepis woodland remnants occurred at intermediate elevations, temperatures and precipitation. Mammal species richness decreased with increasing maximum temperature. Finally, we discuss the most important knowledge gaps regarding biodiversity in Bolivian Polylepis woodland remnants.''The tropical Andes in Ecuador and Colombia are a biodiversity hotspot that has endured centuries of forest clearance and degradation. Forest restoration has been identified as a regional conservation priority; in recent decades, native species reforestation projects have proliferated, but little information exists on growth performance of commonly planted tree species in relation to site and soil nutrient status. This study analyzed growth of seven common native species (Alnus acuminata, Baccharis bogotensis, Cedrela montana, Myrica pubesens, Quercus humboltii, Sambucus nigra, Smallanthus pyramidalis) on 12 montane forest sites across the northern region of the tropical Andes. Andean alder (A. acuminata) was the most commonly planted species, and grows at a mean annual diameter increment (MAI-d) of and a mean annual height increment (MAI-h) of S. pyramidalis, a short lived pioneer of the Asteraceae family, also exhibited fast growth rates of MAI-d and MAI-h. Andean oak (Q. humboltii) was the second-most commonly planted species, growing with an MAI-d of and MAI-h of Soil magnesium and potassium were significant predictors of MAI-d and MAI-h for A. acuminata, while soil nitrogen, phosphorous, sodium, and calcium were negatively associated with growth We speculate that A. acuminata did not grow as well on soils richer in calcium and phosphorus because they were less conducive to nitrogen symbiosis common to this species. Soil magnesium and calcium were significant predictors of diameter growth for Q. humboltii. For both species, we attribute growth responses to soil nutrients as a result of the variable nature of fertility in the complex and variable soils that make up the volcanic and surficial geological landscape of the northern Andes. Results indicate that native species can grow in a variety of soil conditions, and exhibit growth rates comparable to non-native species. However, our results suggest native species are site restricted for best growth and should be planted on particular soils. We make recommendations for reforestation for the species in this study.''I analyzed the distribution of Acanthaceae, Araceae, Bromeliaceae, Cactaceae, Melastomataceae, and Pteridophyta in 62 vegetation plots of along an elevational transect between and and at a nearby lowland site in western Santa Cruz department, Bolivia. These groups were selected because they are physiognomically distinctive, have high species numbers, are comparatively easy to identify, adequately reflect overall floristic relationships, include a wide range of life forms, and are small. The transect was located in the Tucumano-Boliviano biogeographic zone and included drought-deciduous mixed evergreen m to and evergreen Podocarpus-dominated forests. Elevational patterns of species richness were group-specific and probably related to the ecophysiological properties of each group. Species richness in Pteridophyta and Melastomataceae was correlated with moss cover (i.e., humidity), with elevation (i.e., temperatures) in Acanthaceae and epiphytic Bromeliaceae, with potential evapotranspiration (i.e., ecosystem productivity) in Araceae, and with light availability at ground level in terrestrial Bromeliaceae and Cactaceae. Community endemism generally increased with elevation, but showed a maximum at for terrestrial Pteridophyta, and a nonsignificant decline for epiphytic Bromeliaceae and Cactaceae. Endemism was higher for terrestrial than for epiphytic taxa, and was lower among Pteridophyta compared to all other groups, reflecting different dispersal ability among taxonomic and ecological groups. Elevational zonation, tested against a null-model of random distribution of elevational limits, revealed a significant accumulation of upper and lower elevational range boundaries at and at corresponding to the elevational limits of the main physiognomic vegetation types.''Colombian Andean forests cover nine million ha. These forests provide an informative case study of mountain deforestation in South America. They are surrounded by tropical lowland forests, and they host most of the human population. This study evaluates the relative importance of human and natural variables in deforestation of the Colombian Andes between 1985 and 2005 using remote sensing methods, geographic information system (GIS) technology and general linear models (GLM). The following factors affected the annual deforestation in the region positively: forced population migration, unsatisfied basic needs, economic activity, crops, pastures, illicit crops, protected areas and slope. Factors having a negative effect were tenure of small land parcels, road density, water scarcity and mean temperature. The results of this study also provide insight into the differences between the dynamics of lowland forests and those of montane forests. Montane forests had a lower annual rate of deforestation than did forests in the lowlands. Socio-economic, demographic and biophysical factors explain overall deforestation rates for the region. However, when altitude variation is taken into account, intraregional differences in the Andes become evident. Deforestation processes differ between those areas adjacent to the high Andean valleys where most of the population concentrates and those areas in the tropical lowlands north, west and east of the Andean chain. Differences between lowland and montane forest dynamics are due partly to the accessibility of forests and differences in wealth and economic activities. In montane forests, deforestation is positively influenced by economic activity, the presence of protected areas and higher slopes. Deforestation in montane forests is negatively affected by tenure of small land parcels, road density, water scarcity and mean temperature. Lowland deforestation rates are more closely related to rural population, pasture percentage, crops, protected areas and temperature. Our results suggest that montane forests appear to be in a more advanced stage of colonisation and economic development, whereas lowland forests are closer to the colonisation frontier and to rapidly growing colonist populations. This study reinforces the idea that although the most common tropical drivers of deforestation are found in the Andes, these drivers operate differently when intraregional differences are considered.''Freshwater ascomycetes are the predominant fungal colonizers of ligno-cellulosic substrates submerged in freshwater habitats. Although considered important decomposers and a food resource in freshwater food webs, little is known about the influence of environmental factors on their geographical distribution patterns, species richness and community structure. We undertook a study of the distribution of freshwater lignolytic ascomycetes in the Madre de Dios River basin in Peru along an elevational gradient from the headwater regions dominated by the Inambari and Araza Rivers to the lowlands of the Madre de Dios River. The gradient extended from 218 to collections were made at low medium and high elevations. Three separate collecting trips were conducted during the dry seasons over Samples of submerged woody debris were returned to the University of Illinois where they were incubated in moist chambers and examined for the presence of sexual and asexual reproductive structures, which were used for identification. GPS location, altitude, water temperature and pH were measured at the time of collection. A total of 2187 vouchered fungal collections representing 268 fungal taxa were collected. One hundred and fifty-nine taxa were collected at low elevations, 201 at middle elevations and 56 at high elevations. Only 33 of 268 taxa occurred at all three elevational ranges. Canonical analyses of principal coordinates and Similarity Index of species based on presence/absence data revealed different structuring of freshwater fungal communities at low, middle, and high elevations, indicating a change in species composition along the Andes to Amazon elevation gradient. tests demonstrated that beta diversity is strongly impacted by both elevation and pH as rapid taxonomic turnover was associated with both these factors. Of 140 species found in their sexual reproductive state, only ten occurred at all three elevational ranges. The most commonly occurring species was Annulatascus velatisporus, a species with a worldwide distribution. Of 128 taxa found in their asexual reproductive state, 23 occurred at all three elevational ranges. The most commonly collected species was Candelabrum broccchiatum, also a species with a worldwide distribution. Most of the taxa reported from Peru have been reported previously from Asian and/or Australian freshwater tropical habitats. One hundred and three species are new records for South America and 137 species are new records for Peru. About 80 species found in Peru have a pan-tropical distribution. Whether these distribution patterns exist due to vicariance or geodispersal remains to be determined. This study indicates that the composition of fungal communities in mountainous areas is influenced by elevation and has implications for the effects of global warming.''Protected areas (PAs) are one of the most common conservation strategies to halt biodiversity loss. However, little is known about their current effectiveness and how they could behave under projected scenarios of change, especially in the mountain ecosystems of the Andean region. In this study, we assess the role of protected areas against deforestation and fire incidence in the Colombian Andes and how variables associated with biophysical and context drivers such as the size, year of creation and geographic location of the PAs affect their effectiveness. For the long-term, we have addressed the question of how effective these areas will be under three different scenarios of change for the period between 2020 and 2050, including a reference scenario and two scenarios of increasing pastureland and croplands. The results obtained indicated that both deforestation and fire levels were significantly lower inside protected areas than outside their borders. Concerning variables affecting deforestation and fire, only the type of ecosystem affected these processes in this study. The magnitude of forest loss was different between the analysed scenarios and depended on the location of the PAs. The PAs located in the Western Mountain Range presented the largest values of deforestation but the lowest number of fire incidences. This finding could be related to the presence of processes other than fire, such as illegal logging or selective extraction. The largest losses are expected in the PAs associated with the Eastern and Central mountain ranges, whereas the Western Mountain range will have the lowest loss. We conclude that although the Andes Mountains are a highly transformed and dynamic region, the current PAs have been effective barriers for deforestation and fire. However, the creation of new areas and the maintenance of the current PAs should take into account the interaction with the surrounding population, especially in those areas that are more sensitive to change.''The use of ground beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) as bioindicators of environmental change depends on the reliability and the effectiveness of the sampling methods. Those that have been tested in the temperate zone and in tropical forests still await experimentation in tropical high-altitude environments. For the first time, pitfall trapping and hand searching have been compared in Ecuadorian above a.s.l., in terms of practical effectiveness. The study was performed on six volcanoes and was based on the comparison of 28 sampling sessions (pitfall trapping and hand searching) performed along two different elevational belts [lower (LSP) and upper (USP)]. Analyses of sampling sessions showed that detected species richness is slightly higher with hand searching than with pitfall trapping, regardless of the elevation. Additionally, hand searching is more time-effective than pitfall trapping. The performance of the sampling method slightly varies when species assemblage composition is analysed in relation to elevational belts. In the LSP, hand searching and pitfall trapping should be simultaneously used to obtain exhaustive inventories of carabid biodiversity, since different species are likely to be collected by each method. In the USP, hand searching and pitfall trapping efficiency is very similar, but hand searching allows to collect a slightly larger number of species. Lastly, the sample-based rarefaction curves showed that four temporal replicates are mandatory to obtain a robust dataset and an exhaustive inventory of the true species richness and species assemblages composition. Our findings suggest a combined use of hand searching and pitfall trapping in the LSP, while both methods can be used alone for surveying carabids in the USP. Furthermore, hand searching is recommended if the aim is to obtain an inventory of species diversity, whereas pitfall trapping seems more convenient for fine grain ecological and comparative studies.''The of the Northern Andes provide critically important ecosystem services to the Northern Andean region in the form of water provisioning and carbon sequestration, both of which are a result of the organic-rich soils. Little is known, however, about the hydro-geomorphic characteristics of the rivers that drain these ecosystems. With impending plans for widespread hydro-development and increasing implementation of carbon-sequestering compensation for ecosystem services programs in the region it is imperative that we develop a thorough understanding of the hydrogeomorphic role that rivers play in this unique ecosystem. The objective of this study was to quantify bank erosion along an Amazonian headwater stream draining a small, relatively undisturbed catchment to gain a better understanding of the natural erosion regime and the resulting sediment contributions from this unique ecosystem. This study implemented a combination of field, laboratory, and Geographic Information Systems techniques to quantify bank erosion rates and determine a bank erosion sediment yield from the Ningar River, a small catchment (22.7 km2) located in the eastern Andean cordillera of Ecuador. Results show that bank erosion rates range from 3.0 to 390.0 mm/yr, are highly episodic, and yield at least 487 tons of sediment annually to the Ningar River. These results imply that 1) ecosystems substantially contribute to the sediment load of the Amazon River basin; 2) bank erosion is a potentially significant flux component of basin-scale carbon cycles in ecosystems; and 3) hydrologic alteration campaigns (dam building) will likely critically alter these contributions and concomitantly disconnect a critical source of sediment and nutrients to downstream ecosystems.''Species diversity of vascular epiphyte plant communities was studied in La Carbonera, a montane rain forest dominated by Podocarpaceae in the Venezuelan Andes. We compared the epiphyte communities of the primary, disturbed, and secondary forest areas of La Carbonera in order to augment the scarce knowledge on the effects of anthropogenic disturbance on these important elements of tropical vegetation. Diversity of vascular epiphytes (191 species in the whole forest area) was low in the disturbed and secondary areas (81 spp.) compared to adjacent primary forest (178 spp.). Four types of disturbed forest and secondary vegetation supported different numbers of epiphyte species, showing a decline with increasing degrees of disturbance (65 spp. along a road transect, 42 spp. on relict trees in disturbed forest, 13 spp. in a tree plantation and 7 spp. in a former clearing, both secondary vegetation units). Epiphytic species composition in primary and disturbed or secondary forest areas differed markedly: disturbed habitats harboured fewer fern and orchid species but more bromeliad species than the primary forest. Probably the families occurring only in primary forest sites of our study may be useful as bioindicators to determine the degree of disturbance in other habitats of mountain rain forests as well. Epiphyte abundance was also lower in disturbed habitats: a remnant emergent tree supported only about half as many epiphyte individuals as a member of the same species of similar size in the primary forest. The decrease in species numbers and abundance as well as the differences in species composition are mainly due to the less diverse phorophyte structure and less differentiated microclimate in the disturbed and secondary vegetation compared to the primary forest.'Abstract not available'In the Neotropics, the Ericaceae are an Andean-centered family, adapted to moist, open, cool montane environments. Overall species richness increases nearer the Equator, with the highest species numbers concentrated in Colombia and Ecuador between 1000 m and 3000 m. There are 46 genera (70% endemic) and about 800 species (ca. 94% endemic) of Ericaceae native to the Neotropics. Five biogeographical regions are recognized for the neotropical Ericaceae, with the greatest species diversity found in the Andes of northwestern South America. Following Pliocene/Pleistocene mountain-building and climatic events, neotropical Ericaceae underwent dynamic speciation and extensive adaptive radiation due to their ecological and life-form plasticity, colonization abilities, adaptation to epiphytic habits, and coevolution with hummingbirds. Given high diversity and singularity within neotropical Ericaceae, along with high levels of habitat alteration, protection of Andean montane ecosystems should become a priority for the conservation of Ericaceae in the Neotropics.''In many tropical areas, monospecific tree plantations are replacing natural forest. The ecology of these plantations is quite different from that of natural forests, including the diversity and community structure of vascular and cryptogamic epiphytes. Few studies have looked at the ecology of guilds of epiphytes in plantations versus natural forest. Here, we investigated epiphytic, lirellate species of the family Graphidaceae, the largest family of tropical lichen fungi, which are widely distributed and abundant in tropical regions. We compared species richness and community structure in a monospecific plantation of the introduced tree species Eucalyptus globulus versus native oak forest dominated by Quercus humboldtii. Overall species richness was substantially higher in the natural oak forest (41 vs. 14 species, with eight shared between both stands, for a total of 47), whereas species abundance was significantly higher in the gum plantation. While species richness per tree (alpha diversity) was comparable between both stands, average species turnover between trees within each stand (beta diversity) was significantly higher in the natural oak forest, resulting in substantially higher overall species richness (gamma diversity). We conclude that the monospecific gum plantation exhibits both de-diversification (lower overall species richness) and homogenization (more similar communities between trees) of these epiphytic lichen guilds. This is not an effect of phorophyte diversity since in both stands, only a single tree species each was considered. Among the lichens identified, we detected six new to the Neotropics and 29 new records for Colombia.''Several coarse-scale studies have demonstrated a positive correlation between biodiversity and human population density. In this paper this relationship is studied for part of the Andean highland, on a finer spatial scale than in earlier studies, and comparing bird distribution data with pre-Columbian as well as contemporary population centres. A particularly close correspondence was found between ancient population centres and high numbers of species with small distributions. This suggests that the growth of resident human cultures was related, in some way, to local factors a much longer the process of evolution of new species. This correspondence may be a consequence of climate moderation in the mountain areas leading to local persistence, of wild species as well as human communities. However, the result also suggests that we need to study to what extent high biodiversity as such, under certain conditions, yields environmental services which were important for people. It also suggests that traditional efforts to preserve biodiversity in wilderness areas with few people should be supplemented with efforts to promote a more sustainable development in the populated areas, allowing cloud forest and other biologically rich habitats to persist in suitable places near population centres.''In the Venezuelan Andes, some small-scale forest plantations have become an important resource basis for forest management. In this paper, the forestry management progress in the river watershed is analyzed. Constraints and opportunities for sustainable management within national policies, local regulations, environmental features and social benefits are also examined. Plantation assessment, and biophysical, legal and socioeconomics information, are used for guiding small-scale forestry practices in this watershed, with emphasis on the main principles of landscape management. These plantations have become an important part of the socio-ecological landscapes with potential for wood the context of low intensity and low environmental impact environmental services and of the two protected areas within the watershed. Current forest stand conditions, however, reflect that management requires improvement. Furthermore, the analysis suggests that improvement of local livelihoods may be achieved with a small-scale forestry approach, taking properly into account the basic criteria of social involvement and management of planted forests, while maintaining ecosystem services including biodiversity and water supply.''Sublimation and melt disturb the environmental information obtained from ice core records in the Andes. In two case studies we demonstrate to what extent these post-depositional processes may remove major parts of the accumulated snow cover. Dark ash layers from the Tungurahua eruption changed the albedo of surface snow on Chimborazo glacier (6268 m, W, Ecuador) between two ice core drilling campaigns and forced substantial melt. Re-distribution and washout of the chemical constituents shifted the concentration profiles obtained in December 1999 as compared to an equivalent core drilled in December 2000. The stable isotope records showed that approximately the water equivalent (weq) of an annual layer had melted, and that the percolating melt water penetrated within the firn layer to a depth of at least 16.5 m without refreezing. In the second example, from a site on the dry axis between the tropical and extra-tropical precipitation belts, significant loss of accumulated snow layers occurred by sublimation. A surface experiment at Cerro Tapado glacier (5536 m, W, Chile) revealed that losses of mm weq mm snow) per day occurred during the dry period following the 1997/98 El This loss generally included the entire surface layer enriched in stable isotopes, and thus caused minimal disturbance of the isotopic signature (and hence climatic information) of the net accumulation, yet chemical constituents again experienced considerable changes in concentration. From annual layer counting and direct dating it is obvious that the major part of the accumulated ice on both glaciers is younger than 100 years; however, isotopic and chemical variations at least in the basal ice from Cerro Tapado clearly point to climate conditions different from the recent centuries. This evidence is supported by mass balance considerations derived from a glacier-climate model. The possibility of a third type of disturbance aside from sublimation and melting in this case a significant hiatus in the environmental chronology also deserves consideration for other icecore records from this region. Potential disruptions or discontinuities need to be carefully evaluated given the profound changes in climatic and glaciological conditions since the Last Glacial Maximum throughout Holocene times.''Despite the popularity of tourism and recreation in the Andes in South America and the regions conservation value, there is limited research on the ecological impacts of these types of anthropogenic use. Using a systematic quantitative literature review method, we found 47 recreation ecology studies from the Andes, 25 of which used an experimental design. Most of these were from the Southern Andes in Argentina (13 studies) or Chile (eight studies) with only four studies from the Northern Andes. These studies documented a range of impacts on vegetation, birds and mammals; including changes in plant species richness, composition and vegetation cover and the tolerance of wildlife of visitor use. There was little research on the impacts of visitors on soils and aquatic systems and for some ecoregions in the Andes. We identify research priorities across the region that will enhance management strategies to minimise visitor impacts in Andean ecosystems.''The role of three thorny legume species as nurse plants and competitive relationships with columnar cacti were evaluated in a semiarid enclave of the Venezuelan Andes. Abundance and size of three columnar cacti species (Stenocereus griseus, Cereus repandus and Pilosocereus tillianus) under isolated shrubs of three thorny legumes species (Prosopis juliflora, Acacia farnesiana and A. macracantha) were recorded and compared with open areas. Using data we inferred the intensity of intra- and interspecific competition between both life forms in a (xeric zone) and (mesic zone) of the enclave. Sixty-one columnar cacti were found beneath the three thorny legume species (92%), while only 5 cactus individuals were found in open areas (8%). Comparison of observed and expected number of cactus individuals shows that S. griseus and C. repandus are significantly associated with isolated shrubs of A. farnesiana and A. macracantha. Although P. juliflora contributed more than 40% of the total legume plant cover, the number of columnar cacti under its isolated shrubs was significantly lower than would be expected by chance. In all, 19 of 21 possible combinations between and within columnar cacti and legume shrubs were recorded (espinar: 18, cardonal: 13, common combinations: 12). In both zones, intra- and interspecific combinations among columnar cacti species were relatively high (positive correlation between the sum of neighbour plant sizes and the distances separating them). Our results strongly suggest, at least for case of S. griseus and C. repandus, that these columnar cacti species require nurse plants for their establishment. The results on interference need still support from further research. We discuss the effects of positive interactions on natural regeneration of these columnar cacti.'"By comparing geographical patterns of old and new species with historical and ecological processes, interpretations can be made about time patterns of diversification. Such interpretations can form a basis for developing rationales for ranking biodiversity conservation priorities. The results of the comprehensive study of avian DNA were used to compare geographical distributions in Africa and South America of species of strong Plio-Pleistocene radiations and species representing older monophyletic branches. Striking patterns, some of them overlooked so far, were found. Most old species are widespread across a physiognomic and climatic domain, such as lowland rainforests, and therefore, are not specific conservation targets. In contrast, new species have evolved in well defined places with a special local environment, in particular in ecologically equable places inside geologically complex ecotonal regions. High species richness and taxonomic diversity, where maintained over wide areas by steady habitat alteration through patch dynamics, may be easiest to protect by general reforms that integrate regional development and protection of ecosystem services, rather than by strictly site-oriented projects. Areas of active speciation, although small, may have important regulatory functions and a critical role for maintaining evolutionary fronts'. The Tropical Andes Region includes a dozen such places. There is a congruence between the occurrence of old species which have relictual distributions and aggregates of limited-range component species of recent vicariance patterns, indicating that vicariance events take place mainly by isolation in extremely ecologically stable areas. Although these places do not necessarily have the highest taxic diversity, they should be top priorities for rapid and concentrated conservation action."'Firewood is the basic fuel source in rural Bolivia. A study was conducted in an Andean village of subsistence farmers to investigate human impact on wild firewood species. A total of 114 different fuel species was inventoried during fieldtrips and transect sampling. Specific data on abundance and growth height of wild firewood species were collected in thirty-six transects of 50 Information on fuel uses of plants was obtained from 13 local Quechua key participants. To appraise the impact of fuel harvest, the extraction impact value (EIV) index was developed. This index takes into account local appreciation of (1) decreasing plant abundance; (2) regeneration capacity of plants; (3) impact of root harvesting; and (4) quality of firewood. Results suggest that several (sub-)woody plant species are negatively affected by firewood harvesting. We found that anthropogenic pressure, expressed as EIV, covaried with density of firewood species, which could entail higher human pressure on more abundant and/or more accessible species. The apparent negative impact of anthropogenic pressure on populations of wild fuel species is corroborated by our finding that, in addition to altitude, several anthropogenic variables (i.e. site accessibility, cultivation of exotics and burning practices) explain part of the variation in height of firewood species in the surroundings of Apillapampa.''The consequences of recent warming in the Andes have been dramatic, most iconically visualized by the rapid retreat of tropical mountain glaciers. Of all the ecosystems in the tropical Andes, lakes have received amongst the least research attention. We examined subfossil diatom and chrysophyte assemblages to chronicle recent (past ecological change in lakes from the Peruvian Andes. We recorded abrupt increases in planktonic diatoms and scaled chrysophytes beginning in the early 1900s. These changes are consistent with enhanced periods of thermal stratification, brought on by rising temperatures that have been documented throughout the Andes. These data indicate that ecological and likely physical limnological changes associated with Anthropocene warming are already under way in tropical high mountain lakes.''Andean forests decreased in area over the past decade, and communities throughout the Andes are experiencing environmental degradation and soil fertility loss. But amid deforestation, forests returned to some Andean regions, producing local or net increases in forest cover. The mechanisms that drive these local transitions often in part the actions of residents are still little studied, but hold key information for creating successful forest and landscape restoration interventions. This paper investigates cloud forest cover dynamics in Intag, a region in northwest Andean Ecuador where people were actively reforesting by planting trees. We used remote sensing analysis of LANDSAT imagery (from 1991, 2001, and 2010) and household surveys and oral histories with residents of four communities. Results from remote sensing show that prior to reforestation projects (before 2001), deforestation rates were high (> 3%/year). But from 2001 to 2010 forest recovery surpassed deforestation a local forest transition (net 3% forest cover). But although deforestation rates slowed precipitously (< 2%) people continued to clear forests in the highlands even as forests regrew around communities. This change in clearing rates and spatial redistribution of forest cover reflects reasons for planting trees to restore water and other key ecosystem services perceive to be The results point to a new by which forest transitions occur the ecosystem service scarcity path in which local demand for forest ecosystem services drive forest recovery.''We studied the historical prevalence of the invasive and pathogenic chytrid fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd) among amphibians from the Bolivian Andes. Our aim was also to determine its geographic pattern of dispersion, and a potential host taxonomic signature. We collected frog tissue samples from nine museum collections covering a period from 1863 to 2005 and from the field during Bd was diagnosed via quantitative PCR in 599 individuals of 17 genera and 54 species. We found an overall Bd prevalence of 41% among 44 species tested. The first incidence of Bd was from a Telmatobius culeus in 1863; this is the earliest report of detection for this pathogen in the world. Results reveal a non-random historical and geographical pattern of Bd occurrence and amphibian declines that suggests the presence of two different invasive strains, an ancient endemic and a more recent introduction. Prevalence of Bd increased significantly by the mid-1990s, particularly in the cloud-forests, and this is coincident with the timing of drastic amphibian declines. In contrast, amphibians occurring in drier altiplano habitats have persisted in spite of Bd presence. We hypothesize that the early 1990s, and the cloud-forests in central Bolivia were the center of an epidemic surge of Bd that took its toll on many species, especially in the genus Telmatobius. Further sampling of cloud-forest species, and ongoing genetic studies of Bd isolates from Bolivia should help resolve the history of this invasive pathogen and test hypotheses on the differential response of endangered hosts.''Andean South America, including the adjacent lowland environments, can be evaluated in reference to the patterns and processes that characterize plant diversity, evolution, and distribution. Although its ecological complexity is bewildering and the evolutionary and geological history is convoluted and poorly understood, progress can be made by testing the relationship of known processes and paleoevents to patterns of diversification and distribution.Plant diversity patterns can be quantified and mapped in order to permit the study of linkages to environmental parameters and to past speciation and extinction processes. Such studies show the importance of dispersal barriers and long altitudinal gradients for the evolution of Andean plants. Phylogenetic studies allow for the tying of these processes to the timing of connections from the Andes to adjacent tropical forests, grasslands, and deserts, to other highlands in South America, or to other continents. They can also reveal temporal relationships among a variety of plant lineages, allowing for the identification of basal groups, of paleoendemics, and of the recently derived neoendemics. The special places in South America that have high representation of these restricted-range taxa can be better understood as a result. In the Andean context, these are often located in isolated habitat islands, with moisture regimes ranging from arid to perhumid.These patterns allow the development of conservation actions that respond to the presence of special places for plant diversification and of special species that require immediate attention. Further research will include the documentation of patterns at ever-finer spatial resolutions, to better match our biodiversity databases with the topographical and ecological features found in South America. The phylogenetics of plant molecular and morphological characters provide a necessary evolutionary framework that can then be compared to processes identified as important among animal and fungi lineages. For Andean South America, coevolution of plant and animal species is an important source of additional complexity, while trends of evolution to occupy drier and/or higher environments appear in numerous lineages. Anthropogenic influences on these patterns and processes are little understood, but humans have affected and will continue to shape the composition, diversity, and geography of South American biota.''The Turquoise Dacnis (Dacnis hartlaubi) and the Cerulean Warbler (Setophaga cerulea) are categorized as at global scale. Habitat loss and degradation following rapid agricultural expansion and urban development are the main causes of their declines. In this note we present the first documented records of these species in urban green areas in South America. Our observations were undertaken between 2007-2014 during surveys of the avifauna of Armenia City in the central Andes of Colombia. We recorded Turquoise Dacnis on 19 occasions and Cerulean Warbler on 10. Most records were solitary males foraging in Cecropia angustifolia and Inga ornata trees, and some were associated with mixed species flocks. Both species used forest patches, parks and areas with scattered trees. Our observations suggest that cities may provide passage and/or wintering areas for these threatened species.''In the Andean region of South America, understanding water perceptions is particularly important for water management as many rural communities must decide by themselves if and how they will protect their micro-watersheds and distribute their water. In this study we examine how Water User Associations in the Eastern Andes of Colombia perceive water scarcity and the relationship between this perception and observed climate, land use, and demographic changes. Results demonstrate a complex relationship between perceptions and observed changes. On the one hand, observed changes in land cover match perceptions of deforestation as the primary cause of increasing water scarcity. On the other hand, perceptions of climate driven changes in water availability are not reflected in observed precipitation data. Furthermore, water scarcity was perceived in regions where seasonal rainfall variability is higher but not in regions where annual rainfall is lower. We discuss how these results contribute to our understanding of adaptation to climate change and the implications of possible mismatches between environmental changes and local perceptions.''This comparative study of soil erosion considered different environments in an ecological unit of the Venezuelan Andes. The soils belong to an association of typic palehumults and humic dystrudepts. Soil losses were quantified by using erosion plots in areas covered by four types of vegetation, including both natural and cultivated environments. The highest soil erosion rate evaluated corresponded to horticultural crops in rotation: reaching a value of 22 Mg per year. For apple tree (Malus sylvestris Miller) plots, soil losses reached values of 1.96 Mg per year. Losses from pasture (Pennisetum clandestinum Hochst. ex Chiov.) plots, without livestock grazing, were as high as 1.11 Mg during the second year of the experiment. The highest soil losses generated from plots under natural forest were equal to 0.54 Mg per year. Environmental factors such as total and effective rainfall, runoff, and some soil characteristics as those related to soil losses by water erosion were evaluated. The type of management applied to each site under different land use type and the absence of conservation practices explain, to a large extent, the erosive processes and mechanisms.''Bats play an important role in the ecosystem as seed dispersers, pollinators and pest controllers. In particular, frugivorous bats are important for regeneration processes in open and degraded areas, because they disperse the seeds of pioneer plant species, which are essential for succession. Depending on the type of habitat that is established at the fragment edge, resources and bat movement patterns toward open areas can be affected. The structure and composition of bats was compared between two gradients, in an Andean forest fragment located at the Reserva Natural la del Ocaso Colombia). The two edge-types considered were forest-edge and bamboo-edge (Guadua angustifolia, Poaceae), both located in the same fragment. Bat abundance was significantly different in the two edge habitats. The forest-edge is a soft edge, in that it allows bat species to move from the interior of the forest to the pasture in front of it. In contrast, the bamboo-edge can be defined as semi-permeable, because it allows less movement of species and individuals from the interior to the pasture. Here we evaluate the possible effects of habitat edge type on bat movement in degraded areas in the main coffee producing region of Colombia.''Larval host plants can be the main resource underlying the distribution (including altitudinal ranges) of specialized phytophagous insects such as butterflies. Strymon flavaria (Ureta) (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae: Theclinae: Eumaeini) is a little-known hairstreak endemic to the arid belt at about elevation on the western slopes of the Andes of northern Chile. The hemiparasitic shrub Krameria lappacea (Dombey) Burdet and Simpson is here recorded as the first host plant known for S. flavaria, representing also the first record of the association of a species of Strymon with the plant family Krameriaceae. Females of S. flavaria lay eggs on flower buds and unripe fruits of K. lappacea; the larva eats mostly these plant organs. Field observations revealed that S. flavaria is a host-specialist hairstreak, since females lay eggs only on K. lappacea. These findings suggest that the altitudinal range of S. flavaria could be the result of its specialized association with K. lappacea, as this shrub is also mostly restricted to elevations above in the Andes of northern Chile. The implications of this finding for the ecology and conservation of S. flavaria are discussed.''We report results from a large-scale nutrient fertilization experiment along a (154 unique species were included in the study) 3,000-m elevation transect in the Peruvian Andes and adjacent lowland Amazonia. Our objectives were to test if nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P) limitation shift along this elevation gradient, and to determine how an alleviation of nutrient limitation would manifest in ecosystem changes. Tree height decreased with increasing elevation, but leaf area index (LAI) and diameter at breast height (DBH) did not vary with elevation. Leaf N:P decreased with increasing elevation (from 24 at to 11 at suggesting increased N limitation and decreased P limitation with increasing elevation. After of fertilization (N, P, plots at the lowland site fertilized with showed greater relative growth rates in DBH than did the control plots; no significant differences were evident at the site, and plots fertilized with N at the highest elevation sites (1,500, showed greater relative growth rates in DBH than did the control plots, again suggesting increased N constraint with elevation. Across elevations in general N fertilization led to an increase in microbial respiration, while P and addition led to an increase in root respiration and corresponding decrease in hyphal respiration. There was no significant canopy response (LAI, leaf nutrients) to fertilization, suggesting that photosynthetic capacity was not N or P limited in these ecosystems. In sum, our study significantly advances ecological understanding of nutrient cycling and ecosystem response in a region where our collective knowledge and data are sparse: we demonstrate N limitation in high elevation tropical montane forests, N and P co-limitation in lowland Amazonia, and a nutrient limitation response manifested not in canopy changes, but rather in stem and belowground changes.''We surveyed insect communities (Coleoptera, Hemiptera, Lepidoptera) on native treelets (Cedrela montana, Heliocarpus americanus, Tabebuia chrysantha) planted among anthropogenic land cover types (pasture, secondary shrub, and a pine plantation), comparing them among one another and to those found on conspecific treelets in adjacent montane rainforest. Between 2010 and 2012, we sampled 160 treelets (Pasture: 47, Shrub: 26, Pine: 44, Forest: 43). Habitability of reforestations for forest insects was quantified by examining species richness, diversity partitioning and community composition on reforestations relative to natural forest. Species richness was high (phytophagous Coleoptera: 185 spp., predatory Coleoptera: 101 spp., phytoph. Hemiptera: 174 spp., phytoph. Lepidoptera: 147 spp.) with values being highest in natural forest, and significantly lower in all reforestations. Phytophagous Coleoptera and Lepidoptera communities showed a trend toward higher species richness in pine than in pasture or shrub. Predatory Coleoptera showed higher values in pasture and pine compared to shrub. These findings suggest that microclimatic effects of surrounding vegetation may affect species richness. Given high habitat heterogeneity and prevalence of rare species, tree-level and turn-over between individual sample treelets emerged as the strongest contributors to overall diversity. Coleoptera community composition was mainly a function of habitat, but colonization of reforestations by forest species was restricted to phytophagous taxa and contingent on the presence of canopy cover. For Hemiptera and Lepidoptera, community composition was similar across habitats and determined mainly by host species. In summary, young reforestations maintain less diverse insect communities compared to natural forest but still harbor a considerable number of species, particularly if canopy cover is present.''Understanding species distribution over time is a key topic of conservation biogeography, especially when it comes to species with low mobility or low adaptability, which may be most affected by climate change. We investigated the past, current and future climate suitability of Dinomys branickii (Rodentia), a species with characteristics that make it especially vulnerable to such changes. We applied climate suitability modeling (CSM) to evaluate how D. branickii responds to environmental changes over time. We performed CSM for the periods of last glacial maximum (LGM), mid Holocene (MH), current and future We retained models that presented true skill to project consensus maps. The area of maximum suitability decreased over time being restricted to the westernmost portion of the Neotropics, with less adequacy in the Amazon in the future scenario. We observed this decline in the area of climate suitability of D. branickii including areas within protected areas (PAs), in the current (suitable area in 1776 PAs) and future (in 1661 PAs) scenarios. Our results demonstrated the dynamics of climate suitability for D. branickii, indicating that PAs on Llanos, Central Amazon and, predominantly, on the Andean slope may function as a future refuge for the species. We show potential loss of suitable area for this species over time, and preventive actions are thus necessary, such as a connected network of PAs from Amazon to Andes.''Basic information on ecology for vast regions of its range is lacking. A model was built explaining the differential abundance of culpeos in the high Ecuadorian Andes. This model considered several environmental variables and is the first approach to evaluate the habitat requirements in Ecuador. Fixed 1-km transects were established along paths in the highest areas of Podocarpus National Park. Here, a culpeo abundance index (AI) was calculated monthly for each transect during a year. The AI was derived from the occurrence frequency of scats, and genetic analyses were performed to confirm scat identifications. Environmental variables (e.g., climate, vegetation cover, environmental richness, and diversity) were measured at two spatial scales (microhabitat and landscape). Predictors were grouped into orthogonal factors, and general linear models (GLM) were obtained by applying a selection method of models. The results show that the highest culpeo abundances were associated with well-preserved homogeneous areas that had high levels of rainfall and extreme temperatures, with these features being characteristic of pure at the highest altitudes. In addition, a strong positive relationship was also found with the abundance of the mountain tapir. It is suggested that the subspecies of culpeo inhabiting this region could be particularly adapted to the ecological conditions of paramo areas. If so, habitat fragmentation and ongoing changes in land use, as well as climate change, could be potential threats for the culpeo both in the study area and the entire Ecuadorian high-Andean ecosystem.'is a term used to describe tropical alpine vegetation between the continuous timberline and the snow line in the Northern Andes. environments provide important species habitat and ecosystem services. Changes in spatial extent of the ecosystem at Pambamarca in the Central Cordillera of the northern Ecuadorian Andes were analysed using multi-temporal Landsat TM/ETM+ satellite data. The region suffered a loss of 1826.6 ha or 20% of the total area at a rate of 100 ha/annum during period. It is found that permanent cover decreased from 8350 ha in 1988 to 5864 ha in 2007 at a fairly constant rate This loss is attributed to expansion of commercial agriculture and floriculture in the valleys coupled with increased population pressure. Land at higher elevations has been cleared for small scale agriculture. Loss of the ecosystem will exert a number of negative impacts on ecosystem services and livelihoods of the local population at Pambamarca.''Late Holocene vegetation, climate and fire dynamics of mountain forest and paramo ecosystems, as well as human impact, are presented from the upper Rio San Francisco valley, southeastern Ecuadorian Andes. Palaeoenvironmental changes, inferred from three soil monoliths, spanning an altitudinal gradient between 1,990 and and the high resolution multi-proxy sediment record from Laguna Zurita were investigated by pollen, spore and charcoal analyses, in combination with XRF- and magnetic susceptibility-scanning. Three of the four pollen records show a marked change in the floristic composition between ca. 900 and b.p. (interpolated age). Past fires have strongly influenced the floristic composition of the mountain rainforest ecosystem. Frequent fires, together with the relatively high occurrence of grasses and some Zea mays plantations document past human activities in the upper Rio San Francisco valley. A large number of areas of probably ancient Z. mays cultivation in the upper Rio San Francisco valley has been identified, using GIS-based calculation. High occurrences of Cyperaceae and Isoetes indicate the development of marshy lake shores in response to a lower lake level at Laguna Zurita before ca. b.p. The decrease of Isoetes and Cyperaceae after ca. b.p. reflects a lake level rise, due to increasing moisture and/or human activities.''Climate change is expected to cause shifts in species distributions worldwide, threatening their viability due to range reductions and altering their representation in protected areas. Biodiversity hotspots might be particularly vulnerable to climate change because they hold large numbers of species with small ranges which could contract even further as species track their optimal habitat. In this study, we assessed the extent to which climate change could cause distribution shifts in threatened and range-restricted birds in Colombia, a megadiverse region that includes the Tropical Andes and Tumbes-Choco-Magdalena hotspots. To evaluate how climate change might influence species in this region, we developed species distribution models using MAXENT. Species are projected to lose on average between 33 and of their total range under future climate, and up to 18 species may lose their climatically suitable range completely. Species whose suitable climate is projected to disappear occur in mountainous regions, particularly isolated ranges such as the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta. Depending on the representation target considered, between 46 and of the species evaluated may be adequately represented in protected areas. In the future, the fraction of species potentially adequately represented is projected to decline to Additional protected areas may help to retain representativeness of protected areas, but monitoring of species projected to have the largest potential declines in range size will be necessary to assess the need of implementing active management strategies to counteract the effects of climate change.''In the last the watershed in the Venezuelan Andes has experienced an intense process of land-use change, with natural forests being replaced by grown (Coffea arabica) monocultures in sites of high slope, increasing risk conditions and the vulnerability of people living in lower parts of the watershed. Using a local-scale approach, 37 productive units (10% of total) in the San Isidro micro-watershed were assessed in order to evaluate local socioeconomic conditions and perceptions of ecosystem services, and how both are affected by human activity. Almost 65% of residents work in small farms of less than while family ownership remains the most important form of management. A significant lack of financial support was detected, support which is required to improve coffee productivity and improve conservation practices. Severe soil loss was detected in 45% of the area, associated with cultivation on steep slopes and the use of chemical fertilizers. Agroforestry and tree planting are well-regarded, as locals tend to recognize soil protection and climate change mitigation as two of the most important ecosystem services. Using a small-scale forestry approach, it is believed that current land management could be greatly improved to: (1) progressively introduce tree cover into coffee monocultures; (2) restore degraded areas where forest cover is lost and (3) reduce deforestation. Recommended policies and actions include institutional strengthening, decentralization and the development of community-based forest enterprises. The general principles presented in this work could provide a preliminary basis for basin-wide land restoration.''Fragmentation is predicted to increase inbreeding depression and lower the evolutionary potential of organisms by disrupting dispersal. Trees may be more resilient to fragmentation effects due to potential long-distance dispersal mechanisms that genetically connect fragments. Polylepis woodlands in the high Andes are highly fragmented and are currently the focus of reforestation and conservation efforts. Polylepis multijuga Plige (Rosaceae) is a threatened, endemic tree species in the northern Andes of Peru. Samples were collected from 371 adult trees in nine forest fragments separated by and genotyped at amplified fragment length polymorphism loci (AFLP) and chloroplast intergenic regions to determine the connectedness of fragments and their suitability for collecting seed for restoration efforts. P. multijuga is wind-pollinated and dispersed; however, genetic diversity in P. multijuga was about half that reported for other wind-pollinated species. Genetic spatial autocorrelation and patterns of chloroplast and AFLP diversity suggest seed dispersal is very limited and that wind dispersed pollen does not effectively connect all fragments. Conservation of this species will require reforestation efforts and possibly augmentation of some fragments to increase their genetic diversity. Collecting seed from multiple large fragments and from individuals separated by at least within fragments would maximize the genetic diversity of seed collections for reforestation or augmentation. Future studies of this and other Polylepis species should determine how complex topography may affect wind mediated dispersal between fragments and patterns of genetic diversity.''Our research addresses the gap in scientific research on the fine-grain spatial patterns and interactions of land use and agrobiodiversity. The spatial dimension of agrobiodiversity dynamics potentially strengthens the resilience and food security of smallholders by buffering risk and vulnerability. Our research integrates the scientific theories, concepts, and methods of spatial externalities, interactions, geospatial land and global change sciences, and political ecology. We designed a case study of the Arbieto-Tarata landscape in the Bolivian Andes that comprises a globally significant agrobiodiversity hot spot of Andean maize. The Arbieto-Tarata landscape, which contains nearly 8000 fields at masl, is representative of mixed-use smallholder agri-food systems amid global changes. Our research predicts spatial spillover and edge effects of combined social and environmental factors leading to the clustering of same-crop fields. Findings reveal significant levels of the predicted clustering between 2006 and 2012. The degree of this clustering is found to differ among geographic and environmental sub-areas reflecting fine-grain variation of local causal linkages. Extra-local causal linkages include high levels of migration, water resource shortages, and urbanization. Results show the influences of informal and formal coordination in the spatial clustering of same-crop fields. This field-level coordination improves the efficiency of resource allocations and lowers costs of production. It enables the viability of high-agrobiodiversity Andean maize in smallholder land use and agri-food systems amid global changes. The article discusses the broader policy and scientific implications of these findings including scaling up and support of the resilience of agrobiodiversity globally.''This case study reports on recent developments in the extent of interspecific crop diversity in Cotacachi located in the Northern Ecuadorian Andes. Like in many other regions, trends of genetic erosion led to simplified fields with reduced levels of crop diversity in this area during the twentieth century. The present study examines whether, at the crop level, this reduction continued after the millennium shift. The problem is approached through a longitudinal comparison of crop richness on surveyed farms in 2003 and 2009. The results display multiple trends; while a few field crops remained stable in terms of their presence among farms, some increased and others decreased their role. Simultaneously, there was a marked increase in the planting of vegetables and fruits in home gardens. On a general level, these varied trends resulted in a significant rise in average crop richness amounting to five more crops, as well as an overall increase in the frequency with which any crop was planted among the farms. The observed trends are discussed in the light of local sociocultural, economic and agroclimatic changes.''Any conservation strategy must deal with the uncertainty caused by anthropogenic climate change. In order to forecast such changes, the climate change velocity approach has been used to measure ecosystem exposure to this phenomenon. The Tropical Andes and the Chilean Winter Rainfall-Valdivian Forests (Central Chile) hotspots are priority for conservation due to their high species richness and threats, where climate change is one of the serious pressures to their ecosystems. Even though previous studies have forecasted future climate velocity patterns across the globe, these biodiversity hotspots lack a regional evaluation of the vulnerability to climate change to inform conservation decisions. In this study, we evaluated the vulnerability of terrestrial ecosystems to climate change velocity at the Southern South America ecoregional system, by using regional climatic data that improves the accuracy of predictions. We estimated forward and backward velocities for temperature and precipitation, and we performed a protected area-level analysis of climate change vulnerability. Also, we compared our results with previous evaluations. We found that forward velocity was higher in the Tropical Andes hotspot for both climatic variables analyzed, whereas backward velocity was higher in the Central Chile hotspot considering just the temperature variable. Finally, we found that in the Central Chile hotspot, smaller protected areas are more vulnerable to climate change as measured by climate change velocity, whereas in the Tropical Andes hotspot, larger protected areas are more vulnerable. Several rapid change areas are expected along the two hotspots. These findings have important conservation implications in the region, especially for the protected areas.'woodland occurs in tropical highlands at elevations between 3,500 and above sea level and Polylepis is the most common tree at timberline in South America. The objective of this study was to assess the total ecosystem carbon stock in a Polylepis incana woodland, i.e., aboveground biomass (canopy trees and understory), root biomass and soil carbon stocks were all quantified. As part of this study, an allometric equation for the quantification of the aboveground biomass of individual trees was developed for the first time. The most important carbon pool was the soil followed by the aboveground biomass of Polylepis trees The total ecosystem carbon stock was estimated to be thus, of the ecosystem carbon stock is soil carbon.''We present the first palaeolimnological investigation of chironomid larval assemblages from the Bolivian Eastern Cordillera. Taxonomic diagnoses are provided for the 10 chironomid taxa (subfamilies: Chironominae, Orthocladiinae and Tanypodinae) identified in the lake sediments. We compared changes in the chironomid assemblage from two Andean sites with previously reported palynological, charcoal and geochemical data, and highlight the potential of chironomid analysis to provide additional insights into environmental change in this region of high biodiversity over the last At Lake Challacaba asl), the chironomid and geochemical data indicate periodic desiccation and hypersalinty of the basin c. BP. Increased abundance of Chironomus sp. at c. BP suggests a change in human activity, supporting inferences from the pollen and spore records, which indicate elevated pastoral agriculture at this time. The greatest assemblage change in the chironomid record from Laguna Khomer Kocha Upper asl) occurred at c. BP, concomitant with an increase in marsh woodland taxa, wetter conditions and a rising lake level at the end of a Holocene dry event. There is no apparent response in the chironomid assemblage to burning, however, at the onset of this dry event (c. BP), which is the major transformative agent of the terrestrial vegetation. This study shows that chironomid assemblages in the tropical Andes responded to regional and local environmental changes, and in particular, that they were sensitive to adjustments in net moisture balance (water level fluctuations and salinity) and anthropogenic impacts (nutrient input). This suggests that within-lake processes are more important as drivers of chironomid assemblage composition than terrestrial vegetation or fire regime. Nevertheless, the full potential of subfossil chironomid analysis will only be realised once more modern autecological data are available.''The tropical alpine flora in the northern Andes has caught the attention of evolutionary biologists and conservationists because of the extent of its diversity and its vulnerability. Although population genetics studies are essential to understand how diversity arises and how it can be maintained, plant populations occurring above a.s.l. in the so-called have rarely been studied at the molecular level. Here, we use 11 microsatellite DNA markers to examine genetic structure in populations of Lupinus alopecuroides, a long-lived semelparous giant rosette known from only 10 geographically isolated populations. Each population is located on a different mountain top, of which three are in Colombia and seven in Ecuador. We analysed 220 individuals from all the ten known populations. We find low genetic variation in all but one of the populations. Four populations are completely monomorphic, and another five show only one polymorphic locus each. On the other hand, we find extremely high genetic differentiation between populations. We discuss the mechanisms that might cause this pattern, and we suggest that it is related to founder effects, lack of gene flow, and autogamy. The genetic relationships among the populations, and the lack of correlation between the genetic and geographic distances also point to the importance of founder effects and colonization history in driving differentiation among the populations.''This paper analyzes the material, discursive, and biophysical dimensions of fuelscapes, or energy landscapes. Ethnographic and ecological fieldwork was conducted in the Machu Picchu Historic Sanctuary, Peru. Andean land use studies have focused on agricultural patterns such as vertical production zones. Fuelscapes are an important, energy-based means of producing and representing landscape. They show how uncultivated lands fit into livelihood strategies and reflect historic sedimentation of landscape. Fuelscapes are shaped by ecological characteristics, historic settlement patterns and property rights, gendered and intergenerational divisions in household labor, and state conservation policies. Conservation policies delimit fuelscapes to privilege live trees, but the resultant denudation of dead wood may carry implications for ecosystem health. This study elucidates how official policies intersect with household and communal resource use strategies to produce Andean fuelscapes. It provides insight into how uncultivated ecosystems fit into land use politics, practices, and representation.''AbstractBackground. Tropical dry deciduous forests are the most vulnerable ecosystems for fragmentation. Satellite remote sensing data (of various resolutions and temporal availability) helps to study the forest fragmentation at local, regional and global scale. Spatial distribution of fragments at regional scale would provide insight into restoration and connectivity among the fragments, such that wildlife habitat can be protected.Results. In the present study the forests of Mirzapur district, Uttar Pradesh were studied using LANDSAT- OLI (2017) satellite data and the forest fragmentation was quantified using the fragmentation metrics. The forest cover of the district (17.27% of the total geographic area) was delineated into four classes, very dense forest, dense forest, medium dense forest and open forest. Various fragments of size class were also defined in each forest cover. Fragments of size <2, and >600 ha were analysed. Presence of Sloth Bear and wildlife was noted in the fragmented forest based on pieces of evidence like scats, termite mounds, and dens.Conclusion. In this study, it was observed that the number of fragments in category <2 ha are more in each forest cover class. The suitable wildlife habitat was found to be very dense and dense forest. Thus the need of the hour is to protect these fragmented forests and connect these fragments to allow better movement of large mammals such that their population can thrive. The study also acts as a bench mark in using geospatial technology to define fragmentation. The focus should be on medium dense and open forests. Very dense and dense forests act as refugia which should be protected from further destruction.''Araceae is one of the largest herb families in tropical America, but its patterns of diversity and endemism are poorly known. We used predictive distribution modelling in GIS to study Araceae richness on a landscape scale in Ecuador. Modelling was based on georeferenced herbarium collections with humidity and mean annual temperature as climatic variables. Variation partitioning using multiple regression showed that humidity and altitude were main factors in explaining Araceae diversity patterns. Endemism was less well explained by present climatic factors. Unlike common diversity patterns of herbs or epiphytes, Araceae richness was highest in the eastern (Amazon) lowland rain forest with a secondary centre on the Andean foothills of northwestern Ecuador. The peak in endemism was on the western slopes of the Andes, corresponding to areas that have been severely affected by human activities and deforestation. Eastern lowland (Amazonian) forests were poor in endemic Araceae.''Reliable soil organic carbon (SOC) stock measurements of all major ecosystems are essential for predicting the influence of global warming on global soil carbon pools, but hardly any detailed soil survey data are available for tropical montane cloud forests (TMCF) and adjacent high elevation grasslands above (puna). TMCF are among the most threatened of ecosystems under current predicted global warming scenarios. We conducted an intensive soil sampling campaign extending along the tree line in the Peruvian Andes between 2994 and asl to quantify SOC stocks of TMCF, puna grassland, and shrubland sites in the transition zone between the two habitats. SOC stocks from the soil surface down to the bedrock averaged error SE) 11.8 in TMCF, 14.7 in the shrublands and 11.9 in the grasslands and were not significantly different for all comparisons). However, soil profile analysis revealed distinct differences, with TMCF profiles showing a uniform SOC distribution with depth, shrublands a linear decrease, and puna sites an exponential decrease in SOC densities with soil depth. Organic soil layer thickness reached a maximum at the upper limit of the TMCF and declined with increasing altitude toward puna sites. Within TMCF, no significant increase in SOC stocks with increasing altitude was observed, probably because of the large variations among SOC stocks at different sites, which in turn were correlated with spatial variation in soil depth.''The reduction of photosynthetic rates with tree age has been proposed as a major driver of the productivity declination along ontogeny. It is not clear, however, how environmental humidity affects stomatal conductance and biochemical potential of photosynthesis in trees belonging to different age-classes. We assessed daily cycles of gas exchange on leaves of juvenile and mature individuals of the tropical high-elevation tree Alnus jorullensis Kunth (Betulaceae), at two sites with contrasting precipitation in the Venezuelan Andes. Photosynthesis and stomatal conductance were higher in juvenile trees during the morning and at noon in the mesic site, and were in general similar between age-classes in the wet site. Under light-saturating conditions, the net photosynthetic rate was similar between the age-classes at the wet site and higher for juvenile trees at the mesic site, whereas stomatal conductance did not differ between age-classes and was higher at the wet site. Daily cycles of gas exchange and a type II regression model between photosynthesis and intercellular CO2 concentration indicated that the better performance of juvenile trees at the mesic site was due to lower non-stomatal limitations. These results support the proposal that non-stomatal than stomatal involved in the decay of photosynthesis in mature trees, and suggest that such limitations may be evident only under drier conditions.''Vegetation actively affects different components of the water budget in multiple spatial and temporal scales. Changes in vegetation cover and as those resulting from land natural ecohydrological dynamics, leading to changes in natural hydrologic regimes. In tropical mountain ecosystems, such as the Colombian Andes, significant areas of native forests have been converted to agro-ecosystems that include pasturelands and croplands, to supply societal demands for other ecosystem services. Yet, services such as water provision and hydropower generation that depend on the regulation of hydrologic fluxes are also demanded from these ecosystems, potentially generating conflicting societal demands. In this study, we assess the effect of vegetation cover type and rainfall seasonality on the dynamics of hydrological indicator of hydrologic three temporal scales, in a simulated gradient of human disturbance characterized by seven types of vegetation cover. Overall, vegetation cover effects on hydrologic partitioning are more pronounced in shorter, weekly to seasonal, timescales than in annual timescales. Natural vegetation cover types have a higher potential for maintaining water availability, as evidenced by lower variability of soil moisture storage and hydrological fluxes both within and between seasons. Notably, among all cover types, early stages of natural vegetation recovery appear to be more effective in maintaining higher levels of soil moisture while decreasing potential overland flow and other water losses, therefore more effectively contributing to deep drainage and potentially to groundwater recharge, which relate to hydrologic regulation and, ultimately, water availability. Collectively, our results provide insights for decision-making in land management, particualrly when provisioning and regulatory ecosystem services are demanded from these strategic ecosystems.''Due to their ecological disadvantages, many mountain regions have experienced land-use abandonment and shrub encroachment on former grassland at higher altitudinal zones-especially during recent decades of urbanization. But does this trend also apply to the hinterland of urban settlements? By using the Southern Colombian example of a medium-sized city located in the Northern Andes, we can show that the landscape changes observed between 1989 and 2010 can hardly be related to agricultural abandonment. Hypsometric variations of land-cover change indicate that, until 2001, woods or shrubland expanded faster at the lower altitudinal range adjacent to the city than at the more remote higher zones. In contrast, after 2001 grassland areas increased on former woods or shrubland at all altitudinal belts. Both periods thus present developments that can be interpreted as the result of land-use expansion below 2000 m asl and land-use persistence in the tierra of the mountain hinterland.''Regional land-cover change affects biodiversity, hydrology, and biogeochemical cycles at local, watershed, and landscape scales. Developing countries are experiencing rapid land cover change, but assessment is often restricted by limited financial resources, accessibility, and historical data. The assessment of regional land cover patterns is often the first step in developing conservation and management plans. This study used remotely sensed land cover and topographic data (Landsat and Shuttle Radar Topography Mission), supervised classification techniques, and spectral mixture analysis to characterize current landscape patterns and quantify land cover change from 1985 to 2003 in the Altiplano and Intermediate Valley (Mountain) physiographic zones in the Southeastern Bolivian Andes. Current land cover was mapped into six classes with an overall accuracy of 88% using traditional classification techniques and limited field data. The land cover change analysis showed that extensive deforestation, desertification, and agricultural expansion at a regional scale occurred in the last (17.3% of the Mountain Zone and 7.2% of the Altiplano). Spectral mixture analysis (SMA) indicated that communal rangeland degradation has also occurred, with increases in soil and non-photosynthetic vegetation fractions in most cover classes. SMA also identified local areas with intensive management activities that are changing differently from the overall region (e.g., localized areas of increased green vegetation). This indicates that actions of local communities, governments, and environmental managers can moderate the potentially severe future changes implied by the results of this study.''Improved management of carbon storage by terrestrial biomes has significant value for mitigating climate change. The carbon value of such management has the potential to provide additional income to rural communities and provide biodiversity and climate adaptation co-benefits. Here, we quantify the carbon stores in a 49,300-ha landscape centered on the cloud transition of the high Andes in Manu National Park, Peru. Aboveground carbon densities were measured across the landscape by field sampling of 70 sites above and below the treeline. The forest near the treeline contained aboveground, with an additional estimated to be stored in the coarse roots, using a root to shoot ratio of 0.26. Puna grasslands near the treeline were found to store in aboveground biomass. Comparing our result to soil data gathered by Zimmermann and others (Ecosystems 2010), we found the ratio of belowground:aboveground carbon decreased from 15.8 on the puna to 8.6 in the transition zone and 2.1 in the forest. No significant relationships were found between carbon densities and slope, altitude or fire disturbance history, though grazing (for puna) was found to reduce aboveground carbon densities significantly. We scaled our study sites to the study region with remote sensing observations from Landsat. The carbon sequestration potential of improved grazing management and assisted upslope treeline migration was also estimated. Afforestation of puna at the treeline could generate revenues of US $1,374 per ha over the project lifetime via commercialization of the carbon credits from gains in aboveground carbon stocks. Uncertainties in the fate of the large soil carbon stocks under an afforestation scenario exist.''The adaptive capacity (AC) of social systems to degradation of ecosystem services is defined as the response capacity of the system to a threat, such as changes in supply and delivery of ecosystem services (ES). In this paper, we propose an adaptive capacity composite indicator vis-a-vis the loss or degradation of ecosystem services that can be evaluated at household level in rural areas. For the estimation of the AC composite indicator, we evaluated 16 variables grouped into six categories that were previously validated with a group of experts in the area. The variables were evaluated in ten types of household profiles identified in relation with the services of water provision and erosion control in the Riogrande Basin in Colombia. The composite indicator is built both through focus groups to find weights of the variables and categories and principal component analysis. In both methods, variables such as institutional efficiency, distribution and availability of information, technology and innovation, as well as local ecological knowledge were the main determinants of AC of the households.''Analyses of richness and endemism of Cyatheales (tree ferns) in tropical America were performed and evidence of a diversity gradient is presented. For this, the occurrence ranges of 239 species were plotted into a grid-cell map and then analyzed using species richness and endemism indices. Here we show that species richness and endemism are not distributed randomly over the landscape, but do aggregate into defined regions of high diversity in tropical America: the northern Andes, lower Central America, upper Central America and Mexico, the Guyana Highlands, southeastern Brazil, and the Antilles. These distributional patterns are congruent with the geographical distribution of cloud forest, which in turn is determined by topography, high humidity, and persistent cloud immersion. The mountain regions of tropical America, especially the cloud forests, harbour most of the species of American Cyatheales and have high levels of habitat loss and climatic fragility. Conservation policies for Cyatheales are centred on the local use and trade of many tree fern species, but none such policies focus on cloud forest habitat loss. This makes tree ferns a critically endangered group of plants. In the face of the current environmental crisis and global climate change, the presence of Cyatheales in these regions sounds the alarm on their conservation priorities.''This article examines the role of glacial retreat on human migration in the Bolivian topic with virtually no scholarly focus, yet of critical importance in the era of global climate change. Glacial melting has increased since the 1980s, and popular reports often suggest there will be significant impacts on local populations, including migration. Based on interviews with local residents, both migrants and nonmigrants, as well as topical experts, this study suggests that residents do, indeed, have serious concerns about future livelihood conditions in the Bolivian Andes. Even so, glacial retreat has not triggered new migration flows and has had a limited impact on the existing migratory patterns.''The Thrush-like Wren (Campylorhynchus turdinus) is a polytypic, non-migratory, cooperatively breeding species of bird widely distributed in central South America. In recent decades it has expanded its range by approximately 24%, based on a published map of its distribution in the mid-1980s and recent reports submitted to eBird up through March 2017. The northwestern subspecies, C. t. hypostictus, dramatically expanded its elevation range upward from approximately 1200 m to 4200 m a.s.l. in the Peruvian Andes. During the southwestern subspecies, C. t. unicolor, dramatically expanded the southern border of its range from central Brazil and northern Paraguay (approximately southward into northeastern Argentina and throughout Paraguay to in southeastern Brazil, extending its range east-southeast approximately 934 km at a rate of 24.6 km/yr, and latitudinally southward 838 km at a rate of 22.1 km/yr. It also expanded its range westward into the relatively dry Chaco of western Paraguay and north-central Argentina. Midwinter records near the southern border of its range in northeastern Argentina suggest it is non-migratory. Because of its affinity for disturbed habitats, its range expansion has been attributed to deforestation, but its range expansion is also consistent with the prediction that organisms are extending their geographic distribution toward higher latitudes and elevations as a consequence of climate change.''The analysis of aerial photographs over a 33-year period shows that land use in the study catchment is highly dynamic as a response to the land reform programs of the 1960s and 1970s and a strong population increase. The secondary forest is increasingly replaced by grassland while old grasslands are now used as cultivated land. Despite the increased pressure on the land, the upward movement of agricultural activity and the concurrent deforestation, the overall forest cover did not decline. The deforestation in the uplands is compensated for by a regeneration of secondary forest on abandoned rangelands and afforestation with Eucalyptus trees in the low-lying areas. The land use changes resulted in a strong decrease of the areas subject to intense soil degradation: afforestation with Eucalyptus trees on degraded lands was successful in controlling soil erosion in the lower parts of the catchment. The relationship between land use and sediment load in the river system is not straightforward. Statistical analysis of a time series of suspended sediment concentrations, which were measured at the outlet of three distinctive sub-catchments for a six-year period (1994 2000), revealed that the geomorphic response of the river system is not only dependent on the land use and the area affected by water erosion, but also on the spatial connectivity between sediment producing areas and the river network.''From May 1960 many of the cities of south-cenral Chile suffered extensive damage when shaken by 11 shocks of an earthquake swarm, each measuring over 6 on the Richter scale with the strongest at 8.5. Associated with this seismic activity were volcanic eruptions and thousands of debris avalanches, lands lides, and mudflows in the Andes fromc. to Lat. S. The events of 1960 led to the recognition of long-term effects of repeated catastrophic phenomena on the landform, soil, and vegetation patterns of south-central Chile. Many of the native tree species, including the dominant Nothofagus species, are dependent on massive disturbance for their regeneration which is of critical importance to forest management. Catastrophic geologic hazards, as well as snow avalanches, are highly significant to all aspects of native forest use including production forestry, forest recreation, and protection forestry. The importance of environmental hazards in forest resource development and conservation in Latin America has received scant attention but, as shown by the case of the Andean region of south-central Chile, should be a major consideration in resource use planning.''Endemic taxa are those restricted to a specific area, and could bedefined as the exclusive biodiversity of a region. An area of endemismcontains taxa found nowhere else and could be catalogued as irreplaceable and of highpriority for conservation. proposed the parsimony analysis of endemicity (PAE) as a tool to detect areas ofendemism. PAE, a method of historical biogeography, is analogous to cladisticmethods used in phylogenetics analysis, and unites areas (taxa in cladistics)based on their shared species (characters in cladistics) according to the mostparsimonious solution. In this paper we determined with PAE, prioritary areasfor conservation on the basis of concentrations of endemic species in the aridregion of Antofagasta, northern Chile, and compared the results with theirrepresentation in the current Chilean National Parks and Reserves System. Wefound two areas suggested as priorities, one located in the north Andean zone ofthe region, and another at the coast. The area with the higher biodiversity andconcentration of endemics was that located at the coast. However, coastalecosystems are currently under-represented in the Chilean National Parks andReserves System. The establishment of a new protected area in the coastal zoneof the region of Antofagasta is currently under consideration, coinciding withthe area suggested with PAE as priority. This new area would not only allowconserving species with evident problems of conservation, but also preserving anarea where higher levels of endemism exist.''Participatory research has not been a conspicuous methodology in developing nations for studying invasive pests, an increasing threat to the sustainable development in the tropics. Our study presents a community-based monitoring system that focuses on three invasive potato tuber moth species (PTM). The monitoring was developed and implemented by young farmers in a remote mountainous area of Ecuador. Local participants collected data from the PTM invasion front, which revealed clear connection between the abundance of one of the species (Tecia solanivora) and the remoteness to the main market place. This suggests that mechanisms structuring invasive populations at the invasion front are different from those occurring in areas invaded for longer period. Participatory monitoring with local people may serve as a cost-effective early warning system to detect and control incipient invasive pest species in countries where the daily management of biological resources is largely in the hands of poor rural people.''Forest recovery on disturbed areas is of special significance in the Ecuadorian Andes, where deforestation is a serious problem. Natural diachronic succession was evaluated on three large plots or sites, differing in their land use and vegetation composition, one is dominated by grass species on an abandoned pasture (Pasture site), the other two are post-fire vegetation dominated by bracken (Bracken site) and various shrubs (Shrub site). Additionally, we assessed the effectiveness of manual removal of competitive herbaceous species to accelerate forest recovery. Monitoring was done in 2003, 2005 and 2007 on 48 subplots of each recording species richness and woody-species density. Results showed that the Pasture site demonstrated a competitive effect of exotic grasses on woody species recruitment with much lower species recruitment and density, suggesting serious inhibition of natural forest regeneration and an unclear successional trajectory. The Bracken and Shrub sites became significantly similar floristically and there is evidence for a marked facilitation of woody plant recruitment correlated with light availability on the ground. Both sites showed characteristics of classic succession, with Shrub showing a higher species richness and density while late-successional species are poorly represented on the Bracken site. However, NMDS ordination using species density showed that the two trajectories may not be converging towards a common Manual weeding was ineffective for accelerating forest recovery. These results suggest that the main limiting factor for the recruitment of woody species on the Pasture site is strong grass competition and must be addressed before seed availability, while seed availability seems to be the constraining factor for Bracken and Shrub site development, thus direct seeding or planting may be effective in accelerating forest recovery.''Distribution patterns of plant species endemic to Ecuador and adjacent parts of southern Colombia and northern Peru are analysed on the basis of information in the Flora of Ecuador. A total of 827 restricted-range species were found, many of which are known from extremely small areas, often only one or a few localities. A total of 27% of the species treated in the Flora of Ecuador are endemic to that country. The overall proportion of endemic and restricted-range species is greater in the Andes than in the lowland areas on either side of these mountains; particularly the southern Andes appears to be very rich in endemic species. Spatial analysis of distribution data results in the recognition of 15 floristic elements and 18 geographical endemism regions in Ecuador, the characteristics of which are discussed. Comparison with distribution patterns of restricted-range bird species show a general correspondence, with the main difference that birds tend to be more widely distributed than plants along the Andes. Comparison of the results with the location of national parks and other protected areas shows that the endemic floras in the northern and eastern parts of the country are much better protected than those of the southern and western parts.''Vasconcellea species, often referred to as highland papayas, consist of a group of fruit species that are closely related to the common papaya (Carica papaya). The genus deserves special attention as a number of species show potential as raw material in the tropical fruit industry, fresh or in processed products, or as genetic resources in papaya breeding programs. Some species show a very restricted distribution and are included in the IUCN Red List. This study on Vasconcellea distribution and diversity compiled collection data from five Vasconcellea projects and retrieved data from 62 herbaria, resulting in a total of 1,553 georeferenced collection sites, in 16 countries, including all 21 currently known Vasconcellea species. Spatial analysis of species richness clearly shows that Ecuador, Colombia and Peru are areas of high Vasconcellea diversity. Combination of species occurrence data with climatic data delimitates the potential distribution of each species and allows the modeling of potential richness at continent level. Based on these modeled richness maps, Ecuador appears to be the country with the highest potential Vasconcellea diversity. Despite differences in sampling densities, its neighboring countries, Peru and Colombia, possess high modeled species richness as well. A combination of observed richness maps and modeled potential richness maps makes it possible to identify important collection gaps. A Principal Component Analysis (PCA) of climate data at the collection sites allows us to define climatic preferences and adaptability of the different Vasconcellea species and to compare them with those of the common papaya.''Species richness and diversity and soil physical and chemical properties were compared between a mature lower montane rain forest (LMRF) and abandoned 21-year-old plantations of introduced Pinus patula and Cupressus lusitanica in the central Andes of Colombia (2000m). In 0.1ha plots, species richness (number of species) and diversity (Shannon and Simpson indexes) were higher in the LMRF, followed by P. patula and C. lusitanica plantations. There were 56species and 30families of higher plants in the LMRF, 26species and 15families in the P. patula plantation, and 18species and 10families in the C. lusitanica plantation. There were no statistically significant differences (p<0.05) in soil physical or chemical properties between P. patula, C. lusitanica and native LMRF. Nevertheless, soil carbon, the C/N ratio and total bases tended to be higher in the native forest than in the plantations. Available P tended to be higher in the P. patula plantation. These results show that, although abandoned plantations can support some native species, particularly in the understorey, species richness is far from that of the native forest.''Climate change is projected to have a strongly negative effect on water supplies in the arid mountains of South America, significantly impacting millions of people. As one of the poorest countries in the region, Bolivia is particularly vulnerable to such changes due to its limited capacity to adapt. Water security is threatened further by glacial recession with Bolivian glaciers half mass over the past raising serious water management concerns. This review examines current trends in water availability and glacier melt in the Bolivian Andes, assesses the driving factors of reduced water availability and identifies key gaps in our knowledge of the Andean cryosphere. The lack of research regarding permafrost water sources in the Bolivian Andes is addressed, with focus on the potential contribution to mountain water supplies provided by rock glaciers.''BackgroundAs concerns about agrodiversity loss and its impact on food security increase, interest in seed-saving practices and motivations has risen, especially in regions characterized by ancestral farming. Agroecology practitioners in the northern Andes of Ecuador participated in this study to describe (1) the dynamics of intergenerational agrodiversity, (2) perceptions of relevance of the crops they grow, (3) criteria for characterizing the differences between conventional and non-conventional seeds, and (4) their seed-saving practices.MethodsThis exploratory study incorporated a community-based participatory research approach using mixed methods. We conducted (1) a timeline mapping for exploring the dynamics of intergenerational agrodiversity and (2) structured interviews to explore the perception of relevance of crops grown to identify criteria for characterizing conventional and non-conventional seeds and for identifying seed-saving practices. We computed ranks and frequencies from free listing data derived from the interviews to detect the most salient patterns for crop diversity and seed-saving practices. A principal component analysis was performed to illustrate crops distribution within the study area.Results and discussionBased on the timeline-mapping tool, we found that participants perceive an intergenerational loss of agrodiversity. Data derived from free listing determined that salient crops differ in each location of the study area, mostly due to geographic (altitude, climate), market factors, and crop management limitations. Responses from open-ended interview questions revealed that farmers discriminate conventional from non-conventional seeds using yield, adaptation to local conditions, pest tolerance, taste, and crop management as criteria. Analysis of free listing data determined that the most salient reported practices related to seed saving were soil fertility management, seed selection, safe seed storage, tilling and rowing, and weeding.ConclusionsThis study contributes to raising awareness of intergenerational agrodiversity loss and replacement with modern crops. We found the relevance of crops and practices is subject to cultural and environmental context, and few agricultural practices are exclusively used for seed saving. Further, farmers clearly discriminate conventional from non-conventional seeds based on advantages and disadvantages, cultural motivation, and produce destination. The community-based participatory approach resulted in positive engagement from participants and promoted commitment from farmers to preserve agrodiversity and support practices at the community level.'"Currently 177 vascular plant species are known or presumed to be obligately associated with water in Peru. Their composition and diversity were surveyed in relationship to their distributions among the natural regions of Peru. Despite considerable aridity, the coastal plains of Peru have important aquatic ecosystems, including marshes in river deltas and mangroves in the far north, near the border with Ecuador; 70 species of aquatic plants are found in this coastal region. The Andean highlands include a great variety of wetlands, plus lakes and rivers; 62 species are found, including eight species of Isoetes, some of which are potentially threatened by extinction. The Amazon region of Peru includes both steep montane rivers in the headwaters and wide floodplains formed by meandering rivers in the lowlands; 102 species are found distributed among these ecosystems, although many additional species are semi-aquatic. Research and conservation strategies for Peru's aquatic plants need to take into account these important regional differences."'Mountain ecosystems provide key services to a large portion of the population in the tropics. However, they are particularly vulnerable to regional environmental changes such as soil degradation, via soil erosion and associated nutrient loss, both dissolved in runoff and suspended in sediment. Current trends in land use conversion combined with projections of intensified hydrological extremes potentially amplify these threats. We analyze the interactive effects of rainfall characteristics (at three time scales) and vegetation cover on the loss progression for a group of vegetation cover types that represent different land use conversion stages. After a year of observations we found, as expected, that natural forests have the highest potential for regulating loss. The highest amounts of runoff occurred in pasturelands, and croplands had the highest erosion losses. Croplands showed the highest concentrations of soluble nutrients in runoff and in sediment. However, due to higher runoff amounts, pasturelands had the greatest loss of dissolved nutrients. Precipitation seasonality significantly influenced both erosion and nutrient loss. This is particularly critical in managed agricultural and pasture systems where increased runoff and erosion rates, combined with unsustainable management practices, may lead to alterations in soil and water quality. Our results indicate how agricultural practices need to adapt fertilization scheduling to rainfall seasonality to minimize potential environmental impacts. Collectively, our results highlight a fundamental management need in tropical mountains where the combination of rapid land use change and altered climate threatens ecosystem integrity and ecosystem services.''Climate change will increasingly impact large areas of South America, affecting important natural resources and livelihoods. These impacts will make rural people disproportionately more vulnerable, given their dependency on ecosystem services and their exposure to other stressors, such as new rules imposed by agribusiness and trends toward the commodification of natural resources. This paper focuses on the vulnerability of rural communities in Andean drylands of Argentina, Bolivia, and Chile, showing how different economic and political pathways lead to different levels of vulnerability. The paper begins with a brief discussion of the methodological and theoretical concept of vulnerability, which framed the research. Starting from the premise that global environmental change impacts are strongly linked to styles of development, the discussion explores the diverse institutional capital and governance schemes as well as different development styles in the case studies and their role in increasing or reducing local vulnerability to climate and water scarcity. Using a comparative perspective, the exposures and adaptive capacities of rural actors in three river basins are discussed, emphasizing situations that speak for the ways in which development styles counteract or magnify conditions of vulnerability. The analysis considers irrigated and non-irrigated agriculture, water property interests, different productive structures (viticulture, horticulture, etc.), producer typologies (large/small, export, etc.), and geographical location. Finally, the paper offers some insights about development style and adaptive capacities of rural people to overcome those vulnerabilities.''Conservation of biodiversity will necessitate choices among areas, taxa, and land-use patterns. Lack of data on distribution and pattern in biodiversity makes these difficult decisions even more problematic for those charged with the conservation and sustainable use of the diversity of life. Quantitative methods have promise in helping with this task in that they allow people to make their values explicit, and they also allow representation and comparison of many different types of data.In this article I examine patterns of species richness and range-size rarity, or endemism, in the Neotropics with a data set from the genusSolanum (Solanaceae). Distribution data for 180 species of forest-dwelling solanums were analyzed. Patterns of species richness, range-size rarity (endemism), and several area-selection methods were examined. Montane areas are relatively rich both in all species and in endemic species, with maximal peaks in the Andes. The peak of species richness coincides with the domain (i.e., continental) midpoint S latitude), suggesting that the pattern observed may be partly due to the geometry of species ranges. TheSolanum results are compared with those obtained for other taxonomic groups in the Neotropics, and problems with quantitative data sets in conservation are discussed. Collecting deficit, parochial taxonomy, and habitat destruction, both historical and current, are all factors that will affect the utility of such analyses. It is clear that if conservation is to work on the ground, we need to know more about what occurs in the montane Neotropics and that continued work at a basic taxonomic level is essential to our ultimate ability to conserve biological diversity.''The water cycle over the Amazon basin is a regulatory mechanism for regional and global climate. The atmospheric moisture evaporated from this basin represents an important source of humidity for itself and for other remote regions. The deforestation rates that this basin has experienced in the past decades have implications for regional atmospheric circulation and water vapor transport. In this study, we analyzed the changes in atmospheric moisture transport towards tropical South America during the period according to two deforestation scenarios of the Amazon defined by Alves et al. (Theor Appl Climatol 2017). These scenarios consider deforested areas of approximately 28% and 38% of the Amazon basin, respectively. The Dynamic Recycling Model is used to track the transport of water vapor from different sources in tropical South America and the surrounding oceans. Our results indicate that under deforestation scenarios in the Amazon basin, continental sources reduce their contributions to northern South America at an annual scale by an average of between 40 and 43% with respect to the baseline state. Our analyses suggest that these changes may be related to alterations in the regional Hadley and Walker cells. Amazon deforestation also induces a strengthening of the cross-equatorial flow that transports atmospheric moisture from the Tropical North Atlantic and the Caribbean Sea to tropical South America during the austral summer. A weakening of the cross-equatorial flow is observed during the boreal summer, reducing moisture transport from the Amazon to latitudes further north. These changes alter the patterns of precipitable water contributions to tropical South America from both continental and oceanic sources. Finally, we observed that deforestation over the Amazon basin increases the frequency of occurrence of longer dry seasons in the central-southern Amazon (by between 29 and 57%), depending on the deforestation scenario considered, as previous studies suggest.''This paper examines the regional dynamics and natural resource use strategies related to the deforestation of tropical rain forests west of the Ecuadorian Andes for the period Research was based on regional level analysis of remotely sensed and secondary data and local level analysis of the ways local populations use the resources at their disposal. The process observed departs significantly from what has been described in the literature for Latin America and should be seen as a window into a broader environmental process occurring in most tropical forests on the Pacific side of northern South America. Deforestation in the Northwest Ecuador is primarily related to a complex productive structure, made up a countless number of timber producers and middlemen, ranging from fully informal to fully formal, and from small scale to large scale. A key finding is that local traditional populations play a critical role through productive coalitions between small primary producers and large timber firms. These have been shaped by the articulation of local conditions with external markets, settlement processes, and the convergence of local populations in an economic system which relies on the unsustainable exploitation of natural resources. If deforestation rates in Northwest Ecuador remain at current levels, forests in the region will disappear completely within years, a fate that is likely to be the same for most tropical rain forests west of the tropical Andes.''We review resilience to natural and anthropogenic disturbance of palm populations and communities in tropical America. Response of palms to disturbance depends on their morphological traits, their reproductive strategies and the impacts of these traits and strategies on phenology and gene flow. Human impact induces changes in genetic structure, increasing endogamy and genetic drift in fragmented populations. Forest fragmentation and harvest of palm organs are well documented whereas effects of intermediate disturbance like selective logging, hunting or fire remain poorly known. We recommend emphasis on long-term experiments and on the use of mechanistic approaches in future research to facilitate integration of available data into a theoretical ecological framework.''Soil erosion is considered as a serious threat to agricultural development in developing countries. Soil and water conservation measures, such as terraces, are often promoted to combat soil erosion and to increase agricultural production. In this paper, the short-term impact of bench terraces, after their establishment, on soil properties and maize yield in the Peruvian Andes is analysed and discussed. The results show that bench terraces did not result in any short term change in soil properties, such as fertility or infiltration capacity. Nevertheless, the bench terraces resulted in 20% higher yields, due to a higher planting density, compared with adjacent sloping fields. However, this increase in yield was nullified by the loss of area occupied by the bench terraces. Bench terraces should therefore be accompanied with other measures to intensify agriculture, such as irrigation or cash crops, to improve the profitability and uptake of bench terraces in the Andes.''IntroductionDeforestation significantly impacts large carnivores that depend on large tracts of interconnected forest habitat and that are sensitive to human activities. Understanding the relationship between habitat use and spatial distribution of such species across human modified landscapes is critical when planning effective conservation strategies. This study assessed the presence of potential landscape connectivity thresholds resulting from habitat fragmentation associated with different deforestation patterns using a scale-based approach that links species-specific home ranges with the extent of anthropogenic activities. The objectives were (1) to quantify the spatial and temporal distribution of natural vegetation for five common deforestation patterns and (2) to evaluate the connectivity associated with these patterns and the existence of potential thresholds affecting jaguar dispersal. The Bolivian lowlands, located within jaguar conservation units, were analysed with landscape metrics to capture the spatial and temporal changes within deforested areas and to determine potential impact on jaguar connectivity and connectivity thresholds for dispersal.ResultsOver the period of the amount of natural vegetation has decreased by more than 40% in all locations with the biggest changes occurring between 1991 and 2000. Landscape spatial structure around jaguar locations showed that jaguars used areas with mean proportion of natural areas = 83.14% mean patch density = 1.16 mean patch area = and mean edge density = observed strong fragmentation processes in all study locations, which has resulted in the connectivity of jaguar habitat decreasing to <20% by 2005. A connectivity threshold zone was observed when the proportion of natural vegetation was less than 58.4% fragmentation and connectivity for carnivores within the extent of human-modified landscapes proved to be an effective way to understand the changes caused by deforestation and their potential effects on large carnivore habitats. Our study highlights the importance of scale-based approaches for assessing current conservation challenges to protect large carnivores.''This paper reviews the rapidly changing archaeology conducted in the central Andes over the last years. Descriptive work remains at the core of much research. At a theoretical level, foreign archaeologists are more fully using historical concepts particular to the Andes, while Andean archaeologists are drawing selectively from processual and post-processual approaches. Advances in understanding cultural historical developments are reviewed chronologically, with an emphasis on politics, social formation, ideology, settlement patterns, and economics. The article concludes by examining environment and subsistence, technology and society, and gender.''A new species of Ladenbergia (Rubiaceae) has been found in the Cordillera de Sira in the eastern Andes of central Peru. It is here described as Ladenbergia siranensis, and it is morphologically similar to L. acutifolia, L. graciliflora and L. shawistigma. It differs from these by a shrubby habit, coriaceous, narrowly elliptic leaves, few-flowered inflorescences, the hypanthium hirtellous outside, small and deeply lobed calyx, a glabrous style, and fruits with reddened hirtellous pubescence. A key to these four species is provided.''We assessed area and habitat heterogeneity effects on avian richness and composition in bofedales that differed in size and microhabitat diversity. We analyzed data collected in 2 seasons and 24 bofedales using General Linear Models, Ordinary Least Square models to establish the relationship of predictor variables on richness and Akaike Information Criterion for model selection. We evaluate composition classifying species into groups using Bray Curtis ordination, followed by Multiple Response Permutation Procedure to test for differences among groups, and Indicator Species Analysis to identify species. Bofedales differed in richness (F = 5.1, p < 0.001) and microhabitat diversity (F = 23.4, p < 0.001), but no seasonal differences emerged (p > 0.05). The best model indicates that 54% of variance in richness was explained by area and microhabitat diversity, however, a tendency to decrease in microhabitat diversity as area increases, suggests a relatively more important role of area. Results are supported by composition, as microhabitats not only differed pairwise (T = A = 0.601, p < 0.001) and had significant indicator species (p < 0.05), but because its differential contribution to richness, as some microhabitats were more speciose than others. As such, few species-rich microhabitats may contribute more to richness than many species-poor ones which is not predicted by the habitat heterogeneity hypothesis. Disentangling the influence of area and habitat heterogeneity on species richness is important to establish conservation priorities that ensure bofedales integrity under imminent climate change.''PurposeLow-carbon emissions are usually related to hydropower energy, making it an attractive option for nations with hydropower potential as it enables them to meet increasing electricity demand without relying on burning fossil fuels. In fact, the new wave of hydropower plant construction is occurring mainly in tropical areas where an additional environmental impact must be considered: biogenic greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions due to the degradation of biogenic carbon in reservoirs. Peru is planning to install up to in hydropower until 2021, but the input and output flows, as well as the environmental impacts that these generate, have not been explored. Hence, a set of three hydropower plants built in the past decade located in the Peruvian Andes were analyzed from a life cycle perspective. The main objective of the study is to generate detailed life cycle inventories for each of these three hydropower plants with the aim of obtaining specific information for current conditions in Peru.MethodsThe life cycle assessment methodology was applied to compute the environmental impacts. Data collection was based mainly on primary data obtained directly from the hydropower companies, although biogenic emissions were modeled considering local net primary productivity conditions and other site-specific conditions. Although the calculation of GHG emissions related to hydropower plants was a priority, considering the important policy implications of decarbonizing the Peruvian electricity grid, other environmental categories, such as eutrophication or the depletion of abiotic resources, were also considered. The IPCC method was used to calculate GHG emissions, whereas a set of eight additional impact categories were computed using the ReCiPe 2016 method.Results and discussionResults show that GHG emissions per unit of electricity generated were in the lower range of emissions observed in the literature, in all three cases below CO2eq/kWh. Biogenic emissions represented less than 5% of the total GHG emissions despite their location in a tropical nation, due to the arid conditions of the landscape in the Andean Highlands, as well as the mild temperatures that are present in the reservoirs. In terms of stratospheric ozone depletion, a GHG with ozone depletion properties, N2O, was the main source of impact.ConclusionsThe results are intended to be of utility for an array of applications, including relevance in decision-making in the energy sector and policy-making at a national level, considering the implications in terms of meeting the nationally determined contributions to mitigate climate change in the frame of the Treaty of Paris.''In the highlands of the Andes, lizards must balance precisely the allocation of energy for growth and reproduction to ensure their survival. We studied the age, growth rates, age at sexual maturity, and maximum life span of the viviparous lizard Phymaturus antofagastensis, endemic of cold and harsh environments at high altitudes in the Andes Mountains of Catamarca province, Argentina. We also estimated key life history parameters like reproductive effort, lifetime reproductive effort, net reproductive rate, and relative reproductive time in P. antofagastensis as well as in other Phymaturus to compare the interplay among growth, maintenance, and reproduction in species that live across a latitudinal and altitudinal gradient. We found that females and males of P. antofagastensis mature late in life, at old, respectively, and some individuals reached of age. Adult females showed higher specific growth rates than males and an adult life span of which, due to their biennial reproduction, results in an estimated production of only four litters in life. This species exhibits one of the highest lifetime reproductive efforts described for lizards. Our results indicate the existence of a tradeoff between the number of reproductive events throughout life and reproductive effort devoted to each event in Phymaturus, related to the phylogenetic group. The palluma group shows low reproductive effort but high number of reproductive events throughout their lives, whereas the patagonicus group shows high reproductive efforts in low number of reproductive events.''An account of the genus Ipomoea L. in Bolivia is presented. 102 species are recognised in the country and each of these is described. Notes are provided on diagnostic features, distribution, habitat, phenology and conservation status. A dichotomous key to all species is provided together with additional informal keys focussing on outstanding features of morphology and ecology. Line drawings illustrate the new species described and photographs are provided to facilitate identification and draw attention to key diagnostic features. Maps of the distribution in Bolivia of selected species are also provided. 18 species are described as new of which 14 are endemic to Bolivia: Ipomoea appendiculata J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. chiquitensis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. exserta J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. juliagutierreziae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. gypsophila J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. huayllae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. lactifera J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. longibarbis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. mendozae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. mucronifolia J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. odontophylla J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. paradae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. psammophila J. R. I. Wood & Scotland and I. spinulifera J. R. I. Wood & Scotland. The remaining four are also found in Brazil: I. cerradoensis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. cryptica J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. graniticola J. R. I. Wood & Scotland and I. mucronatoproducta J. R. I. Wood & Scotland. Of particular interest is I. lactifera which is a crop wild relative of the sweet potato. The name I. paludicola J. R. I. Wood & Scotland is provided for the plant usually treated as a form of I. asarifolia (Desr.) Roem. & Schult. but originally described by Meisner under the illegitimate name I. serpens Meisn. The new combination I. hewittacea (Kuntze) J. R. I. Wood & Scotland is made and is the correct name for the plant currently known as I. piresii The hitherto accepted names I. echioides Choisy, I. pedata G. Don, I. I. philipsonii I. piurensis I. santacrucensis I. sawyeri D. F. Austin and I. tapirapoanensis Hoehne are treated as synonyms of, respectively, I. paulistana (Silva Manso) Stellfeld, I. mauritiana Jacq., I. reticulata I. batatoides Choisy, I. acanthocarpa (Choisy) Aschers. & Schweinf., I. oranensis I. neurocephala Hallier f., and I. caloneura Meisn. I. subtomentosa (Chodat & Hassl.) is treated as a var. subtomentosa (Chodat & Hassl.) J. R. I. Wood & Scotland of I. maurandioides Meisn. and a new variety erecta J. R. I. Wood & Scotland is described for I. bonariensis Hook. The following taxa are lectotypified: I. serpens Meisn., I. rubens Choisy, I. procurrens Meisn, I. chiliantha Hallier f., I. pinifolia Meisn., I. incarnata (Vahl) Choisy, I. hirsutissima var. boliviana Meisn., I. virgata Meisn., I. chondrosepala Hallier f., I. argentea Meisn., I. bonariensis Hook., I. pedata G. Don, I. magnifolia Rusby, I. purpurea var. diversifolia (Lindl.) Convolvulus paulistanus Silva Manso, C. cymosus Ruiz & Pavon and C. indivisus Vell., the last three being basionyms of I. paulistana, I. ramosissima Choisy and I. indivisa (Vell.) Hallier f. respectively. A neotype is provided for I. megapotamica Choisy to ensure current usage is maintained. Species of Turbina Raf. occurring in Bolivia are treated as belonging to Ipomoea based on ongoing molecular studies resulting in the new combination I. amazonica (D. F. Austin & Staples) J. R. I. Wood & Scotland and a new name I. sericosepala J. R. I. Wood & Scotland for Turbina cordata (Choisy) D. F. Austin & Staples.'a characteristic legume tree species of seasonally dry tropical forests (SDTFs) of Mesoamerica and northern South America typically used in silvopastoral and agroforestry systems. Remaining populations of E. Colombia are severely fragmented owing to the highly degraded state of SDTF in the country, posing threats to both their in situ persistence and their usefulness as seed sources for future planting efforts. We genotyped E. cyclocarpum populations at nine sampling sites across a latitudinal gradient of SDTF in Colombia by means of eight nSSR markers to elucidate the species diversity distribution in the country. Our data suggest that a deep divide seems to have existed between Caribbean and Andean populations of E. cyclocarpum in Colombian SDTF that may date back to the last glacial maximum (~21,000 BP), or longer. However, we only found evidence of genetic differentiation between trees from the southern Cauca River valley and populations at more northern locations. All the latter populations showed signs of admixture which may be the result of human-influenced movement of germplasm, particularly after the introduction of cattle by European settlers. Most of the sampled sites showed heterozygosity scores close to expectations. Only the three southern-most populations displayed significantly positive values of inbreeding coefficient, potentially affecting their in situ maintenance and their use as seed sources. Based on our findings we identify priority areas for the in situ conservation of remaining E. cyclocarpum populations, and propose a strategy for sourcing of appropriate for use in future tree planting efforts.'debate regarding whether, and in what form, communities need external support for adaptation to environmental change, few studies have examined how external funding impacts adaptation decisions in rural resource-dependent communities. In this article, we use quantitative and qualitative methods to assess how different funding sources influence the initiative to adapt to water scarcity in the Colombian Andes. We compare efforts to adapt to water scarcity in 111 rural Andean communities with varied dependence on external funding for water management activities. Findings suggest that despite efforts to use their own internal resources, communities often need external support to finance adaptation strategies. However, not all external financial support positively impacts a abilities to adapt. Results show the importance of community-driven requests for external support. In cases where external support was unsolicited, the results show a decline, or in community efforts to adapt. In contrast, in cases where communities initiated the request for external support to fund their own projects, findings show that external intervention is more likely to enhance or community-driven adaptation.''The elevations at which tropical treelines occur are believed to represent the point where low mean temperatures limit the growth of upright woody trees. Consequently, tropical treelines are predicted to shift to higher elevations with global warming. However, treelines throughout the tropics have remained stationary despite increasing global mean temperatures. The goal of reported here was to build a more comprehensive understanding of the effects of mean temperature, low-temperature extremes, shading, and their interactions on seedling survival at tropical treelines. We conducted a seedling transplant study using three dominant canopy-forming treeline species in the southern tropical Andes. We found species-specific differences and contrasting responses in seedling survival to changes in mean temperature. The most abundant naturally occurring species at the seedling stage outside the treeline, Weinmannia fagaroides, showed a negative relationship between the survival of transplanted seedlings and mean temperature, the opposite of a priori expectations. Conversely, Clethra cuneata showed increased survival at higher mean temperatures, but survival also increased with higher absolute low temperatures and the presence of shade. Finally, the survival of Gynoxys nitida seedlings was insensitive to temperature but increased under shade. These findings show that multiple factors can determine the upper distributional limit of species forming the current tropical treeline. As such, predictions of future local and regional tropical treeline shifts may need to consider several factors beyond changes in mean temperature. If the treeline remains stationary and cloud forests are unable to expand into higher elevations, there may be severe species loss in this biodiversity hotspot.''The Chanchamayo valley in the Peruvian Andes formerly contained large areas of montane and premontane tropical forests, although logging and agricultural expansion has resulted in extensive deforestation and habitat fragmentation. This study evaluates the regional context of the valley by a comparison of data from a series of one hectare plots giving data on the diversity and structure of trees and then examines in more detail data from a 1 ha plot located in a newly declared conservation area (Pampa Hermosa Reserved Zone) embodying one of the most intact forest remains. An explicit goal was also to test the efficacy of sampling using taxonomic surrogacy, which could provide an effective means of making more efficient such work among diverse tropical forests. The Cedros de Pampa Hermosa plot contained 444 individuals belonging to 135 species, 66 genera and 35 families. The families Lauraceae, Meliaceae, Moraceae and Urticaceae provided over half of the individuals counted. The high representation of Urticaceae species suggests a disturbance regime driven by the large sizes of the Meliaceae species and their dynamics on steep slopes. Indicator species analyses supported other evidence that this site at is located in a broad ecotonal area transitioning to premontane and lowland rain forests. Ordinations (nMDS) based on similarities and total abundance, basal areas and presence-absence data of the 598 species (3,469 individuals) found on all seven one hectare plots sampled in the valley showed a clear separation into three tree assemblage types, namely the lower montane site, and two others on the eastern and western sides of the valley. Ordination patterns were quite similar at species and family level, but did not show any site groupings at the generic level, suggesting important turnover of species and families along environmental gradients. A number of species could not be allocated to known taxonomic groups, and were evaluated as morphotaxa. The inclusion or exclusion of such taxa did not dramatically alter the main ordination patterns within taxonomic levels of botanical family or of species, which implies that rapid inventory methods and incomplete identifications can still provide data useful for conservation planning in this and similar forests.''Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes) is a multi-purpose palm tree native to tropical Latin America, which is predominantly cultivated by smallholders in agroforestry systems. The fruits are rich in starch and contribute importantly to food security and the cash income of farmers who cultivate them. Complex value chains have emerged that link producers to consumers, but irregular product quality and market chain inequalities undermine the economic well-being of producers and retailers. Peach palm is genetically diverse, but screening for traits of commercial and nutritional interest is required to enhance the use of its genetic resources. Alliances between public organizations and private enterprises are needed to realize the potential for processing novel products from peach palm, especially in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic sectors. The diverse challenges that emerge at different stages of production, processing and marketing require participatory research that directly involves stakeholders from the beginning.''More than of bird species are threatened with extinction. Numerous anthropogenic activities and processes are considered responsible for such declines, including tourism related activities. These activities often occur in global biodiversity hotspots but consider the potential risks associated with tourism. The relative importance of tourism as a threat to birds was quantified using a global analysis of the threats facing critically endangered and endangered birds in the hotspots. Sixty-three critically endangered and endangered bird species are reportedly threatened by tourism. Among those 63 species, marine, coastal and aquatic birds are threatened more by tourism than was expected. Hotspots with the most species threatened by tourism are and the Mediterranean Basin. This study uses individual threatening processes in a new way to characterise hotspots for conservation action, advancing previous identification criteria. Analysing hotspots in terms of the relative presence of individual threatening processes may help to more effectively direct future research in these priority regions.''In the Andes of Central Chile, flowering commences months earlier on equatorial-(north-) facing than on polar- (south-) facing slopes, and pollinator assemblages also differ between these habitats. In order to understand the potential influence of these differences on gene flow, we monitored flowering periods and insect visitation rates to flowers of 60 individuals of Anarthrophyllum cumingii (Papilionaceae) on two equatorial- and two polar-facing slopes in the Andes of central Chile W). Flowering began about 30 days earlier on equatorial-facing slopes. Flowering periods of individuals on slopes with the same aspect had a mean overlap of 0.52, while those on opposite slopes had a mean overlap of 0.15. On equatorial-facing slopes Yramea lathionoides (Lepidoptera) accounted for 60% of the visits to flowers of A. cumingii, while on polar-facing slopes Centris cineraria (Hymenoptera) was responsible for more than 80% of flower visits. Average similarities of visitor assemblages among individual plants on slopes with the same aspect was 0.83, while the mean similarity between individuals on opposite slopes was only 0.23. Within slopes fluorescent dyes were dispersed up to 40 m from the donor plants, but there was no movements of dyes between individuals growing on opposite slopes, even when they were separated by less than 10 m. Synchronous blooming and a common pollen vector are necessary conditions for pollen exchange between individuals. The overall probability of pollen exchange estimated by multiplying the inter-individual overlap for both factors, was nearly 0.5 for individuals growing on slopes with the same aspect, and less than 0.04 for individuals growing on opposite slopes. Consequently, at equivalent distances, the probability of pollen exchange between individuals growing on slopes of opposite aspect is more than 10-times lower than between those growing on the same slopes. Seed dispersal cannot compensate for restricted gene flow through pollination, because seeds of A. cumingii were dispersed less than 2 m away from a parent plant. Presumably, restricted gene flow could enhance genetic divergence between populations on slopes of contrasting aspects. This factor could be important in contributing to the high diversity and endemism in the Chilean Andes.''The imminence of forest conversion in the northern Andean region requires a careful evaluation of the social, political and economic context in which environmental efforts take place in order to achieve conservation. Through its socioeconomic effects violent conflict can result in threats pertinent to both conservation and resource management schemes. A survey of the San Lucas mountain range, at the northern tip of the Colombian Central Andes, is presented as a case study of factors associated with violent conflict that may hinder or enhance conservation in this complex social and political setting. Instability in land use and tenure associated with armed conflict were identified as major pressures associated with further conversion of tropical forest habitats; while low rates of settlement and measures enforced by armed rule were very effective in preserving certain tracts of forest. War certainly alleviates demographic pressure from settlers, but contemporary patterns of colonization in San Lucas suggest that armed conflict is detrimental to conservation purposes and to key members of the biological community.''The high tropical Andes are rapidly changing due to climate change, leading to strong biotic community, ecosystem, and landscape transformations. While a wealth of glacier, water resource, and ecosystem-related research exists, an integrated perspective on the drivers and processes of glacier, landscape, and biota dynamics is currently missing. Here, we address this gap by presenting an interdisciplinary review that analyzes past, current, and potential future evidence on climate and glacier in landscape, ecosystem and biota at different spatial scales. We first review documented glacier changes and landscape evolution over past decades to millennia and analyze projected future glacier shrinkage until 2100 for two case studies in the tropical Andes. The effects of climate and glacier change on high Andean biota are then examined from paleoecological research and comparative gradient analyses to chronosequence and diachronic studies of vegetation dynamics. Our analysis indicates major twenty-first century landscape transformations with important socioecological implications which can be grouped into (i) formation of new lakes and drying of existing lakes as glaciers recede, (ii) alteration of hydrological dynamics in glacier-fed streams and high Andean wetlands, resulting in community composition changes, (iii) upward shifts of species and formation of new communities in deglaciated forefronts,(iv) potential loss of wetland ecosystems, and (v) eventual loss of alpine biota. We advocate strengthening an interdisciplinary research agenda with a strong policy formulation link that enables enhanced cross-sectorial cooperation and knowledge sharing, capacity building of relevant stakeholders, and a more active participation of both government agencies and social organizations.''A phylogenetic analysis ofHuperzia (Lycopodiaceae) documents a single origin of epiphytism and multiple reversals to a terrestrial habit in the Neotropics. Epiphytism evolved prior to the final rifting of South America and Africa, but the origin of most modern species diversity probably postdates the Mid Cretaceous diversification of flowering plants. In this respect, the evolution ofHuperzia parallels that of many other Neotropical epiphytic groups. In the Andes, alpine terrestrial species are shown to have evolved from montane epiphytes, an event that correlates well with regional orogenesis during the Miocene. Species from Australia, New Zealand, and Tasmania show diverse relationships with SE Asian groups. Results also indicate that long distance, transoceanic dispersal is rare in these homosporous plants accounting for less than 5% of species distributions and that convergence in strobilus and branch morphology is widespread among Paleotropical and Neotropical epiphytes. The phylogenetic analysis is based on a sample of 63 species (c. 15% total species diversity) and data from a c. 1.1kb region of noncoding (intron and spacer sequences) plastid DNA located between thetrnL andtrnF genes.''Chinese ash (Fraxinus chinensis) is an exotic tree species that has been used in non-commercial monospecific plantations for revegetation programs in the Central Andes of Colombia. At the river watershed, these plantations occur in patches intermixed with old pastures, oak forests, and successional forests. In this heterogeneous landscape, the ash has been able to invade some of its surrounding habitats. This study evaluates the invasion patterns of ash to each of these habitats and experimentally quantifies seed and seedling survivorship and seedling growth as three processes that could determine ash establishment. Of the four habitats examined, old pastures were the most vulnerable to invasion, followed by oak plantations, and successional forest. Ash plantations exhibited recruitment levels intermediate between pastures and oak plantations. Abandoned pastures showed the highest seed germination, seedling survivorship, and seedling growth. In the ash plantations, recruitment seemed negatively affected by the low number of germinated seeds, high mortality of seedlings, and low growth. Invasion in oak plantations was constrained by high seed mortality and burial of seedlings by leaf litter, although the seedlings that did survive grew fast and produced a high number of leaves. Within the successional forest, Chinese ash seeds germinated but establishment was constrained by a reduced seedling survivorship and low growth. This research offers new evidence of how different processes affecting the establishment of an invader may differ among landscape elements, and it also yields important information for the management and control of ash in these Andean landscapes.'viridiflora (Amaryllidaceae) is an endemic and endangered plant restricted to the Northern Andes in Ecuador. It is known in three locations where it is sympatric with other Phaedranassa species. Phaedranassa viridiflora is the only species of the genus with yellow flowers. We analyzed 13 microsatellite loci to elucidate the genetic structure of the populations of P. viridiflora. Our results provided the first evidence of natural hybridization in the genus (between P. viridiflora and P. dubia in the Pululahua crater of northern Ecuador). The central and southern populations did not show hybridization. Genetic diversity was the highest in the Pululahua population. Central and southern populations have a higher proportion of clones than Pululahua. Bayesian and cluster analysis suggest that the yellow flower type evolved at least three times along the Ecuadorean Andes. In contrast to other Phaedranassa species, Phaedranassa viridiflora shows lower genetic diversity, which is likely related to a vegetative reproductive strategy.'"BackgroundSouth America is one of the most species diverse continents in the world. Within South America diversity is not distributed evenly at both local and continental scales and this has led to the recognition of various areas with unique species assemblages. Several schemes currently exist which divide the continental-level diversity into large species assemblages referred to as biomes. Here we review five currently available biome maps for South America, including the WWF Ecoregions, the Americas basemap, the Land Cover Map of South America, Morrone's Biogeographic regions of Latin America, and the Ecological Systems Map. The comparison is performed through a case study on the Seasonally Dry Tropical Forest (SDTF) biome using herbarium data of habitat specialist species.ResultsCurrent biome maps of South America perform poorly in depicting SDTF distribution. The poor performance of the maps can be attributed to two main factors: (1) poor spatial resolution, and (2) poor biome delimitation. Poor spatial resolution strongly limits the use of some of the maps in GIS applications, especially for areas with heterogeneous landscape such as the Andes. Whilst the Land Cover Map did not suffer from poor spatial resolution, it showed poor delimitation of biomes. The results highlight that delimiting structurally heterogeneous vegetation is difficult based on remote sensed data alone. A new refined working map of South American SDTF biome is proposed, derived using the Biome Distribution Modelling (BDM) approach where georeferenced herbarium data is used in conjunction with bioclimatic data.ConclusionsGeoreferenced specimen data play potentially an important role in biome mapping. Our study shows that herbarium data could be used as a way of ground-truthing biome maps in silico. The results also illustrate that herbarium data can be used to model vegetation maps through predictive modelling. The BDM approach is a promising new method in biome mapping, and could be particularly useful for mapping poorly known, fragmented, or degraded vegetation. We wish to highlight that biome delimitation is not an exact science, and that transparency is needed on how biomes are used as study units in macroevolutionary and ecological research."'Fire history was compared between the Colorado Front Range (U.S.A.) and northern Patagonia (Argentina) by dating fire-scars on 525 Pinus ponderosa and 418 Austrocedrus chilensis, respectively, and determining fire weather on the basis of instrumental and tree-ring proxy records of climatic variation. Years of above average moisture availability preceding fire years, rather than drought alone, is conducive to years of widespread fire in the Colorado Front Range and the northern Patagonian study areas. Above-average precipitation promotes fire by enhancing the growth of herbaceous plants which increases the quantity of fine fuels during the fire season a few years later. The short-term variability in moisture availability that is conducive to widespread burning is strongly related to El Southern Oscillation (ENSO) activity. The warm (El phase of ENSO is associated with greater moisture availability during the spring in both regions which leads to peaks in fire occurrence several years after El events. The warmer and drier springs associated with la events exacerbate the drying of fuels so that fire years commonly coincide with La events. In both regions, there was a dramatic decline in fire occurrence after the early 1900s due to a decline in intentionally set fires by Native Americans and European settlers, fuel reduction by livestock grazing, and increasingly effective organized fire suppression activities after the 1920s. In both regions there was a marked increase in fire frequency during the mid-and late-19th centuries which coincides with increased ignitions by Native Americans and/or European settlers. However, year-to-year variability in ring widths of Pinus ponderosa and Austrocedrus chilensis also increased from relatively low values in the late 1700s and early 1800s to peaks in the 1850s and 1860s. This implies frequent alternation of years of above and below average moisture availability during the mid-19th century when the frequencies of major fire years rise. The high correlation of tree-growth variability betweem the two regions implies a strong inter-hemispheric variation in climatic variability at a centennial time scale which closely parallels a variety of proxy records of ENSO activity. Based on the relationship of fire and ENSO events documented in the current study, this long-term trend in ENSO activity probably contributed to the mid- and late-19th century increase in fire spread in both regions. These similar trends in fire occurrence have contributed to similar patterns of forest structures, forest health, and current hazard of catastrophic wildfire in the Colorado Front Range and northern Patagonia.'a large-scale phylogenetic study of the lichenized genus Cora (Basidiomycota: Agaricales: Hygrophoraceae), we formally describe 70 new species, honouring the seventieth birthday of David Leslie Hawksworth, one of the preeminent figures in mycology and lichenology in the past Based on an updated phylogeny using the ITS fungal barcoding locus, we now recognize 189 taxa in a genus that until recently was considered to represent a single species; including this contribution, 92 of these are formally recognized, including five taxa based on historical names or collections that have not been sequenced. Species of Cora can be recognized by a combination of morphological (size, colour, lobe configuration, surface hairs, hymenophore size and shape), anatomical (thallus thickness, cortex structure, photobiont type, hyphal papillae), and ecogeographical features (substrate, habitat, distribution), and a keytable allowing the identification of all accepted taxa is provided. The new species are: Cora accipiter Moncada, & spec. nov., C. applanata Moncada, Soto-Medina & spec. nov., C. arachnodavidea Moncada, Dal Forno & spec. nov., C. arborescens Dal Forno, Chaves & spec. nov., C. arcabucana Moncada, C. & spec. nov., C. aturucoa Moncada & C. Vargas spec. nov., C. auriculeslia Moncada, & spec. nov., C. barbifera Moncada, & spec. nov., C. boleslia E. Morales & Dal Forno spec. nov., C. caliginosa Holgado, Rivas Plata & Perlmutter spec. nov., C. campestris Dal Forno, Eliasaro & Spielmann spec. nov., C. canari Nugra, Dal Forno & spec. nov., C. caraana Martins & Lucheta spec. nov., C. casasolana Moncada, R.-E. & spec. nov., C. caucensis Moncada, M. Gut. & spec. nov., C. celestinoa Moncada, Cabrera-Amaya & spec. nov., C. comaltepeca Moncada, R.-E. & Herrera-Camp. spec. nov., C. corani E. Morales & Dal Forno spec. nov., C. corelleslia Moncada, A. & spec. nov., C. crispoleslia Moncada, J. Molina & spec. nov., C. cuzcoensis Holgado, Rivas Plata & Perlmutter spec. nov., C. dalehana Moncada, & spec. nov., C. davibogotana Moncada & Coca spec. nov., C. davicrinita Moncada, & spec. nov., C. davidia Moncada, L. Vargas & spec. nov., C. dewisanti Moncada, A. & spec. nov., C. dulcis Moncada, R.-E. & spec. nov., C. elephas Moncada & L. Vargas spec. nov., C. fuscodavidiana Moncada & L. Vargas spec. nov., C. garagoa Simijaca, Moncada & spec. nov., C. gigantea Moncada & Coca spec. nov., C. gomeziana Dal Forno, Chaves & spec. nov., C. guajalitensis Robayo & Dal Forno spec. nov., C. hafecesweorthensis Moncada, & R. spec. nov., C. haledana Dal Forno, Chaves & spec. nov., C. hawksworthiana Dal Forno, P. Nelson & spec. nov., C. hochesuordensis E. Morales & Dal Forno spec. nov., C. hymenocarpa Chaves & Lawrey spec. nov., C. imi Chaves & Lawrey spec. nov., C. itabaiana Dal Forno, Aptroot & M. spec. nov., C. leslactuca Moncada & R. spec. nov., C. maxima Wilk, Dal Forno & spec. nov., C. minutula Moncada & spec. nov., C. palaeotropica Weerakoon, Aptroot & spec. nov., C. palustris Dal Forno, Chaves & spec. nov., C. parabovei Dal Forno, Kukwa & spec. nov., C. paraciferrii Moncada & J.E. Hern. spec. nov., C. paraminor Dal Forno, Chaves & spec. nov., C. pastorum Moncada, & spec. nov., C. pichinchensis Paredes, Jonitz & Dal Forno spec. nov., C. pikynasa J.-M. Torres, Moncada & spec. nov., C. pseudobovei Wilk, Dal Forno & spec. nov., C. pseudocorani E. Morales & Dal Forno spec. nov., C. putumayensis L.J. Arias, Moncada & spec. nov., C. quillacinga Moncada, F. Ortega & spec. nov., C. rothesiorum Moncada, & spec. nov., C. rubrosanguinea Nugra, Moncada & spec. nov., C. santacruzensis Dal Forno, Bungartz & spec. nov., C. schizophylloides Moncada, C. & spec. nov., C. smaragdina Rivas Plata & Chaves spec. nov., C. soredavidia Dal Forno, Marcelli & spec. nov., C. subdavicrinita Moncada, J. Molina & spec. nov., C. suturifera Nugra, Besal & spec. nov., C. terrestris Dal Forno, Chaves & spec. nov., C. terricoleslia Wilk, Dal Forno & spec. nov., C. udebeceana Moncada, R. & spec. nov., C. urceolata Moncada, Coca & spec. nov., C. verjonensis Moncada & Dal Forno spec. nov., C. viliewoa Chaves & Soto-Medina spec. nov., and C. yukiboa Moncada & spec. nov. Furthermore, the taxonomic status of the recently described or recognized species C. arachnoidea, C. aspera, C. ciferrii, and C. reticulifera, is revised.''The Andes is recognized as one of the most biodiverse places on Earth, promoting in its uplift process a series of recent rapid diversification events in different biotic groups like birds, mammals, insects and vascular plants. The uplift of the Andes during the Cenozoic acted as a barrier for many biotic groups, as a scenario for radiation processes due to occupancy of different niches and as a corridor for others. Connections between the Andes and the Atlantic Forest showed intermittent phases along the Cenozoic, affecting the distribution patterns and diversification of different biotic groups. Nowadays, the Andes and the Atlantic Forest are both considered globally relevant biodiversity hotspots. Floristic groups thriving in both hotspots are crucial for a better understanding of their biogeographic history, as well as for informing future conservation actions. Mutisia (Asteraceae), a genus comprising 63 perennial shrubs and vines endemic to South America, shows a marked West-East disjunction: Most species occupy almost the whole Andean chain from Colombia to Patagonia, while a second group encompasses four species distributed in eastern Brazil and the surrounding areas of Paraguay, Uruguay and Argentina. We reconstructed the phylogeny of the genus to assess its possible biogeographic history. We analysed three DNA regions, i.e. the chloroplast trnL-trnF intergenic spacer and the nuclear ribosomal internal and external transcribed spacers, ITS and ETS. Using maximum likelihood and Bayesian inference, gene trees were reconstructed, and a concatenated phylogenetic tree was inferred. Divergence times were estimated by means of BEAST, and the ancestral areas were inferred using BioGeoBEARS. An ancestral reconstruction of morphological traits was also performed, as well as maps representing current richness hotspots within the genus. Phylogenetic analyses strongly support the monophyly of Mutisia, with two well-supported main clades: clade A, with presence of Atlantic-central-northern Andes species, and clade B, with central/southern Andes species. Dating analyses suggest that a main clade separation occurred at the early Miocene, followed by the separation of the Atlantic clade A2 by the late Miocene, and more recent radiations occurred in the central, northern and southern Andes during the Pliocene. Results are in tune with other angiosperm taxa that also underwent rapid radiations, possibly related to environmental and pollinator changes. The biogeographic history of Mutisia is related to morphological adaptations, history and geographic factors acting since the Miocene along the Andes and adjacent areas. Threat assessments and conservation actions for the genus shall include the whole distribution range, including low-range northern and southern Andes species, as well as the distinctive Atlantic Forest clade.''Large-scale clear-cutting and burning caused the altitude of the natural upper forest line (UFL) in the Northern Ecuadorian Andes to decline to the point that its position is now uncertain. To obtain a detailed reconstruction of the dynamics of the UFL over the last few thousand years, traditional proxies alone do not suffice. For instance, pollen analysis suffers from a low altitudinal resolution due to the large wind-blown component. In an attempt to find new, additional proxies to study past UFL dynamics in the Ecuadorian Andes, we investigated the occurrence of isoprenoids (diterpenes, phytosterols and pentacyclic triterpenoids) in the roots and leaves of 19 plant species responsible for the dominant biomass input in soil and peat records along altitudinal transects covering approximately above and below the current UFL in two locations in the Northern Ecuadorian Andes. Isoprenoids can serve as biomarker if they are uniquely present in a relevant plant species and preserved well enough in chronological order in suitable records. Such biomarkers could help establish past vegetation dynamics including the UFL position. For an isoprenoid to be a biomarker in soils normally it must be absent from the roots of a plant species as roots do not enter soils in chronological order. For peat deposits this criteria only needs to be met for the peat species themselves as only roots from peat species will be present. Two diterpenes, four phytosterols and six pentacyclic triterpenoids met the criteria for biomarker in peat records. Of these, one diterpene, two phytosterols and three pentacyclic triterpenoids also met the criteria for biomarker in soils. Samples from a soil under forest, a soil under the adjacent and a nearby peat deposit, 14C dated at approximately 1500 cal. AD and 200 cal. AD, were tested for the presence of isoprenoids that meet the criteria for biomarker. Such isoprenoids were only found in the peat bog samples. However, we found that changes of number and concentrations of isoprenoids with depth might provide additional information related to past vegetation changes. In conclusion, isoprenoids show potential for use in a multi-proxy approach to reconstruct past UFL locations in the Northern Ecuadorian Andes and other ecosystems with similar vegetation and soils.''The harlequin frog, Atelopus mucubajiensis, is a critically endangered species that was believed to be extinct until 2004, when a single adult female was found in the Venezuelan Andes. Its disappearance after 1994 has been attributed to an increase in the prevalence of the fungal pathogen, Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis, in populations of these frogs. Using histology and Real-Time PCR assays, we tested this adult female positive for B. dendrobatidis. We report for the first time, to our knowledge, infection in a live specimen of A. mucubajiensis. The presence of this pathogen in remaining individuals poses a problem for the long-term persistence of this critically endangered species, as new epidemic episodes of chytridiomycosis could jeopardize the survival of remnant populations.'"In Bolivia dry forests are distributed extensively in the southeastern lowlands and extend into the country's northern and southern Andes in rain-shadowed intermontane valleys, where they often form habitat islands. We examined the biogeography and composition of bird communities at 14 Andean and seven lowland dry forest localities in Bolivia. To minimise biases, analyses considered only core speciessensu Remsen (1994) of zonal vegetation types. Of a total of 608 recorded species, 454 were zonal forest core species and 99 (22 %) typical dry forest species. Core species richness varied from 65 to 156 at individual sites. One species occurred at all sites and 154 (34 %) at a single locality each; this tendency was most evident in the northern Bolivian Andes where 46 % of core species were recorded only once. Comparisons of species composition showed that sites in the northern valleys were the most heterogeneous and distinct. Localities in the southern valleys were the most homogeneous with affinities to lowland dry forests; the latter separated into Velasco forest and Chaco woodland sites, respectively. A continuous ordination of sites revealed a steep gradient from large habitat areas in the dry southeastern lowlands to small, relatively humid Andean habitat islands in the northwest. Typical dry forest species were most prevalent in large habitat areas in the dry south, whereas typical humid forest species predominated in the relatively humid northern Andean habitat islands. Frugi-granivores and nectarivores such as pigeons and doves, hummingbirds, and emberizid finches were most prevalent at Andean sites, whereas insectivores made relatively greater contributions to lowland bird communities. The biogeographical affinities of Bolivian dry forest birds are varied. Overall, lowland birds gradually decreased and Andean species gradually increased with elevation, which was most pronounced in the southern Bolivian Andes; we found no elevational threshold of increased avifaunal turnover. An examination of range limits of typical dry forest species revealed a pronounced northwestward reduction of the dry forest avifauna from Chaco lowlands to small, isolated valleys in the northern Bolivian Andes. With seven species restricted to the Andean dry forests of Bolivia, this area has a considerably higher level of endemism than the Chaco. Andean dry forests were colonised by lowland species in two different ways. In the southern valleys and upper northern valleys, dry forest species ascended directly from the adjacent Chaco. The lower northern valleys were probably colonised by dry forest species during drier and cooler periods of the Pleistocene that resulted in expansions of seasonally dry tropical forest in Amazonia."'I assessed the magnitude and distribution of pteridophyte species richness on the eastern Andean slope in Bolivia based on 676 study plots of 400 m2 each in forest habitats at 65 study sites. In total 755 species were recorded, including 426 (56%) epiphytes and 598 (79%) terrestrials, with 266 species (35%) recorded under both groups. Mean number of species per plot at a given site varied from 0 to 31.1 for epiphytes, 0 to 20.9 for terrestrials, and 0 to 47.9 for all species combined. The highest numbers of species recorded at a given study site were 110 epiphytes, 101 terrestrials, and 167 species in total. While overall there were more terrestrial than epiphytic species, at individual sites and plots the reverse was true, indicating that terrestrial species tended to be more patchily distributed than epiphytes. Despite high survey intensity, many species went unrecorded; the minimum estimate of total species richness obtained through extrapolation was 975 species overall, including 559 epiphytes and 880 terrestrials. A correlation analysis of species richness to 14 environmental parameters revealed a highly positive correlation to mean annual precipitation and bryophyte cover on tree branches (a proxy for air humidity). Significant correlations to other parameters (e.g. human impact, canopy height, etc.) reflected the covariance of these factors with precipitation and bryophyte cover. Despite a lack of data on the pteridophyte communities from much of the Bolivian Andes, it appears that in most of the countries, pteridophyte diversity can be protected by focussing the most humid parts of the Andean forests.''The aim of this study was to investigate the dominance patterns of woody plants in a tropical montane forest of northwestern Bolivia and to understand underlying processes at the local and regional scales. We inventoried three elevation ranges: lower intermediate and upper montane forests At each elevation, we inventoried two sites that were apart. Specifically, we asked the following questions: (1) are dominant taxa distributed locally, or are they also dominant at larger scales? And (2) is the local importance of shared taxa congruent among sites at the same elevation range? We inventoried 18,876 woody plant individuals with a diameter at breast height belonging to 877 species, 286 genera, and 100 families in 54 0.1-ha plots. A strong floristic congruence was found at the family and genus levels within and across elevations, but not at the species level. The pattern of species dominance for the whole study regions was similar to that reported for similar scales in the Amazonia of species accounted for of individuals), although dominant species were not oligarchic across the whole elevational gradient due to the high environmental heterogeneity. Dominant taxa were shared to a larger degree between sites at the same elevational range than non-dominant taxa, indicating that oligarchy does not mean uniformity. Finally, the shared taxa exhibited similar importance between sites at the lower elevation range but dissimilar importance at the higher elevation range, reflecting an increase in the relative importance of local processes versus regional processes with increasing elevation.''Freezing temperatures and summer droughts shape plant life in Mediterranean high-elevation habitats. Thus, the impacts of climate change on plant survival for these species could be quite different to those from mesic mountains. We exposed 12 alpine species to experimental irrigation and warming in the Central Chilean Andes to assess whether irrigation decreases freezing resistance, irrigation influences freezing resistance when plants are exposed to warming, and to assess the relative importance of irrigation and temperature in controlling plant freezing resistance. Freezing resistance was determined as the freezing temperature that produced photoinactivation [lethal temperature (LT50)] and the freezing point (FP). In seven out of 12 high-Andean species, LT50 of drought-exposed plants was on average lower than that of irrigated plants. In contrast, most species did not show differences in FP. Warming changed the effect of irrigation on LT50. Depending on species, warming was found to have (1) no effect, (2) to increase, or (3) to decrease the irrigation effect on LT50. However, the effect size of irrigation on LT50 was greater than that of warming for almost all species. The effect of irrigation on FP was slightly changed by warming and was sometimes in disagreement with LT50 responses. Our data show that drought increases the freezing resistance of high-Andean plant species as a general plant response. Although freezing resistance increases depended on species-specific traits, our results show that warmer and moister growing seasons due to climate change will seriously threaten plant survival and persistence of these and other alpine species in dry mountains.''In of our study (Zazulie et al. Clim Dyn, 2017, hereafter Z17) we analyzed the ability of a subset of fifteen high-resolution global climate models (GCMs) from the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project phase 5 to reproduce the past climate of the Subtropical Central Andes (SCA) of Argentina and Chile. A subset of only five GCMs was shown to reproduce well the past climate for austral summer and winter. In this study we analyze future climate projections for the twenty-first century over this complex orography region using those five GCMs. We evaluate the projections under two of the representative concentration pathways considered as future scenarios: RCP4.5 and RCP8.5. Future projections indicate warming during the twenty-first century over the SCA region, especially pronounced over the mountains. Projections of warming at high elevations in the SCA depend on altitude, and are larger than the projected global mean warming. This phenomenon is expected to strengthen by the end of the century under the high-emission scenario. Increases in winter temperatures of up to relative to are projected by while a warming is expected at the highest elevations by Such a large monthly-mean warming during winter would most likely result in snowpack melting by late winter-early spring, with serious implication for water availability during summer, when precipitation is a minimum over the mountains. We also explore changes in the albedo, as a contributing factor affecting the net flux of energy at the surface and found a reduction in albedo of at high elevations, related to the elevation dependent warming. Furthermore, a decrease in winter precipitation is projected in central Chile by the end of the century, independent of the scenario considered.''The Pantanal of Mato Grosso, Brazil, is famous for its luxurious plant and animal life. We combine a literature review with recent work and show that species diversity is large but that most major plant and animal groups contain a large number of not wetland-specific species that depend on permanently terrestrial habitats within the Pantanal, or are restricted to dry areas during the low water period. These species occur also in the neighbouring biomes of Cerrado, Amazon Forest or Chaco. Until now, very few endemic species have been described, however, there are large populations of species in the Pantanal that are considered rare or endangered in South America. The number of trees adapted to long term flooding is low in comparison with the Amazon River floodplain. We hypothesize that the reason for the lack of local endemisms and the occurrence of a large number of species with a large ecological amplitude is the climatic instability of the region of the Pantanal, which suffered severe drought during glacial periods. The instability of the actual climate, which is characterized by multi-annual wet and dry periods, has a strong impact on distribution, community structure and population size of many plant and animal species and hinders spatial segregation of populations. The dependence of the system on the flood pulse makes the Pantanal very vulnerable to human induced changes in hydrology and the predicted changes in global climate.''The main hypotheses proposed to explain barrier formation separating populations and causing the differentiation of vertebrate species in Amazonia are based on different (mostly historical) factors, as follows. (1) Changes in the distribution of land and sea or in the landscape due to tectonic movements or sea-level fluctuations (Paleogeography hypothesis). (2) The barrier effect of Amazonian rivers (River hypothesis). (3) A combination of the barrier effect of broad rivers and vegetational changes in Northern and Southern Amazonia (River-refuge hypothesis). (4) The isolation of forest blocks near areas of surface relief in the periphery of Amazonia during dry climatic periods of the Tertiary and Quaternary (Refuge theory). (5) Competitive species interactions and local species isolations in peripheral regions of Amazonia due to invasion and counterinvasion during cold/warm periods of the Pleistocene (Disturbance-vicariance hypothesis). (6) Parapatric speciation across steep environmental gradients without separation of the representative populations (Gradient hypothesis). Several of these hypotheses are probably relevant to a different degree for the speciation processes in different faunal groups or during different geological periods. The paleogeography hypothesis refers mainly to faunal differentiation during the Tertiary and in combination with the Refuge hypothesis; Milankovitch cycles leading to global climatic-vegetational changes affected the biomes of the world not only during the Pleistocene but also during the Tertiary and earlier geological periods. New geoscientific evidence for the effect of dry climatic periods in Amazonia supports the predictions of the Refuge theory.''Smallholder agriculture in the Central Andes of Peru is based to large extent on rainfed cropping systems, is exposed to climatic risks and is expected to respond sensitively to increasing temperatures and shifts in the precipitation regime. Here, we examine the potential implications of early twenty-first century climate change scenarios for the cultivation of potato, maize, wheat, barley and broad bean, five annual crops that account for of the cultivated area in the Department of Cusco and and provide the dietary backbone for a large share of the local population. The scenarios disclose a regionally coherent increase in temperature of the order of but overall only moderate changes in growing season precipitation by 2030. A simple crop model is used to assess the effects of these changes on crop phenology and development. The results show earlier harvest dates, shorter cropping seasons and, in a few cases, a slightly higher risk of planting failure in the near future. This suggests that a better understanding of changes in the precipitation regime at the onset of the cropping season is required to evaluate short-term needs and possibilities for adaptation. However, as the scenarios are highly uncertain, these conclusions should be verified.''In the nurse plant syndrome, or nurse association, seedlings (beneficiaries) are associated with adult shrubs/trees (benefactors). This phenomenon has been documented in several regions of the planet. Abiotic stress amelioration (one mechanism of facilitation) is one of the causes of this association. Most of the studies addressing the nurse syndrome have been conducted on spatial scales of a few hectares and have focused on only one or a few species. Moreover, there is an almost complete lack of studies addressing the incidence and characteristics of the nurse phenomenon in the arid Andes of South America. We undertook a first approximation to the study of facilitation in these ecosystems. The study was conducted at local and regional scales and involved the assessment of the spatial distribution of juveniles (seedlings and saplings) of 51 populations of 16 shrub and 12 cactus species in relation to shrub cover at 20 localities of the Prepuna (subtropical Andes of Bolivia and Argentina, In terms of spatial distribution, the juveniles of most of the populations of shrubs studied were distributed both under the shrubs and in open spaces, thereby showing an apparent indifference to microhabitat. Globose and opuntioid cacti were preferentially distributed below the canopies of shrubs and were usually more associated with the dominant shrub species, which stood out as better potential nurses. The pattern was consistent throughout the region, including the more mesic and arid localities. The fact that Prepuna woody species are capable of establishing in open spaces would confer this region a greater resilience. Our findings further suggest that community dynamics in arid and semi-arid environments are more variable than previously thought.''The remote Tiputini-Yasuni tropical forest region of the northwest Amazon (eastern Ecuador) represents a rich biodiversity likely unsurpassed anywhere else on earth. The myriad ecosystems, habitats and organisms are embedded in layers of symbiotic expressions. This region and particularly its Tiputini Biodiversity Station operated by the Universidad San Francisco de Quito offer unique and significant opportunities for symbiosis research and needed habitat conservation support. The centrality of symbioses in tropical rainforests is discussed through a review of selected literature and based on recent first-hand field experiences.''Siona-Secoya hunters of the northwest Amazon strive to maximize short-term yields to provision their households with meat. The observed patterns of hunting more closely resemble the predictions of optimal foraging theory (OFT) than they do a conservation ethic. In the past the Siona-Secoya worried little about conservation because they believed that good shamans attracted abundant game. When hunting was poor, shamans ceremonies and appealed to supernatural gamekeepers for the release of more animals from the underworld. The sustainability of Siona-Secoya hunting was aided by factors such as low human population density, dispersed settlements within large hunting territories, settlement movement, and limited hunting technology. Today, increasing involvement in the national economy is leading the Siona-Secoya to invest more time in agriculture and wage labor, and less in traditional foraging activities. Colonization, deforestation, and industrial pollution now pose the greatest threats to wildlife in eastern Ecuador. Because of these changes, the Siona-Secoya are becoming interested in environmental protection and conservation. Several of their efforts to protect forest resources and mitigate pollution are discussed and evaluated.'"Tropical dry forest is the most endangered major vegetation type in the New Caledonia biodiversity hotspot. Vegetation surveys following a transect method used by Gentry were undertaken in two tropical dry forest sites, Ouen-Toro and Pindai, in order to compare species richness, floristic composition, and structure. Pindai contained significantly higher species richness than Ouen-Toro, although there was little difference in forest structure. Tropical dry forest sites in New Caledonia were compared to seven other biodiversity hotspots with tropical dry forest where Gentry's transect method was employed. New Caledonia and other tropical dry forests on islands contain significantly lower species richness than mainland tropical dry forests in biodiversity hotspots. However, New Caledonia contained the highest number of threatened species based on IUCN global conservation categories. Tropical dry forest in New Caledonia appears to be the world's most endangered tropical dry forest based on the extent of forest, number of reserves, and threatened species. Management of tropical dry forests on private and community lands is absolutely imperative to the long-term persistence of this ecosystem."'The aim of this work examine whether there exists a link between local and landscape patterns of species commonness, and if these are related to morphological traits in tropical plant communities. region (Bolivian tropical Andes) is selected as study location. We estimated local and landscape commonness, rarity classes, height, diameter, number of stems, and habit for >2,300 species. We employed correlations to evaluate the relationship between local scale commonness and landscape scale commonness. We performed ANCOVA and multinomial logistic regressions to predict commonness and rarity variables from the morphological traits. We repeated the analyses for six different forest types, including dry forests and wet forests along a elevation gradient. We found a positive relationship between local and landscape commonness in all forest types. Additionally, we found that, plant height influences the local and landscape commonness, and that the apportioning of species into rarity classes depends greatly on the species habit and, at lesser degree, on the number of stems. Our main conclusions are: (1) Approaches to commonness and rarity based on abundance only or occurrence only could summarize most of the relevant information to characterize commonness and rarity patterns: both approaches, in practice, do not supply independent information. (2) The species traits determine which species are rare and which ones are common, which indicates that commonness and rarity patterns are the result of non-neutral trait-based community assembly processes.''Biological corridors are an important conservation strategy to increase connectivity between fragmented landscapes, which often require habitat restoration to achieve physical connections. Non-target groups such as bees could benefit from corridors while contributing to the restoration process given their role as pollinators, but little is known about the use of corridors by bees. Here we assessed the habitat value for bees of four biological corridors in the Colombian Andes by comparing bee species richness, community composition and functional diversity between corridors (which had two land-cover sections: riparian forest and restored forest), forest patches being connected by corridors and surrounding pastures. We found a higher species richness in riparian than in restored sections of corridors, which was comparable to that in forest and higher than in pasture. Community composition in forest and riparian sections were similar and differed from that in pasture. In contrast, functional diversity was similar among all land-use types, suggesting a higher species redundancy in forest and riparian corridors, given the higher species richness, compared to pastures. Our results show that riparian corridors are holding forest-associated species that could not survive in pastures, and given the higher redundancy, can significantly contribute to the maintenance of pollination services in fragmented landscapes. Our results also indicate that of restoration process have not been sufficient to reach reference levels (i.e. forest/riparian) in terms of bee species richness, but the recovery of some forest-associated species points to the potential of biological corridors to functionally connect forest patches.''Globally, most active tropical glacial landscapes are found at elevations above Nonetheless, the presence of paleoglacial landforms in low latitudes, especially those formed during the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM), persists in different tropical regions. National Park, in central-south Costa Rica, is one of these particular examples. The glacial and periglacial landscape in the park are located over with landforms such as glacial cirques, moraines, till deposits, and glacial lakes. We performed an integrated approach for the geoheritage inventory and geotourism management, crossing geomorphological and cultural information. A total of 14 geomorphosites were assessed and their management discussed. These geomorphosites achieved scientific scores between 0.5 (Valle Talari, Cerro and Cerro Terbi) and 0.88 (Cerro and Los Crestones). The average scientific value of the geomorphosites is 0.75, since they are well preserved (0.75), rare (0.57) and representative (0.84) of the geomorphology. They also play an important role in the geographical history (0.62), as well as the significant use and management characteristics (0.8). National Park has key importance both naturally and culturally for Costa Rica. Its geomorphosites assessment is of critical value for the Costa Rican Conservation Areas System in order to promote improved geotourism. Geoheritage mapping can offer more opportunities of transferring geoscience knowledge to a larger public and policy makers. Our study aims to improve and further the state of the art of tropical glacial geoheritage.'is a genus of 23 species of evergreen shrubs endemic to South America. It is distributed principally along the Andes from Colombia to Chile and Argentina, and it is especially diversified in the Central Andes and in the deserts and semideserts of southern South America. The genus exhibits a wide array of leaf-morphology types and two different head and floral types apparently related to hummingbird and insect pollination.In this study, phylogenetic relationships amongChuquiraga species were resolved by parsimony cladistic analysis using morphological characters. The resulting cladogram was used to interpret morphological, ecological, and biogeographical patterns in a historical context. Biotic and abiotic environmental factors hypothesized to have exerted selective pressure on morphological traits of its species were optimized onto the phylogeny to suggest how and when these factors may have affected the evolution and diversification of the genus.Results suggest an origin of the genus in southern South America, with two major evolutionary radiations, one more northern in the Central and Northern Andes, and the other in the Southern Andes and the North Chilean, Patagonia and Monte Deserts. Pollination by hummingbirds seems to have been an important factor in the origin of the northern clade, affecting floral morphology. Herbivory by vertebrates and increased aridity seem to have been important selective forces in the evolution and diversification of the southern clade, especially affecting leaf morphology. These changes were probably associated with the major elevation of the Andes in late Tertiary and with the hyperaridization and climatic fluctuations of Pleistocene and Holocene times.''We used predictive modeling of species distributions to identify conservation priority areas in the equatorial Pacific region of western Ecuador and northwestern Peru. Museum and herbarium data and predictive models of species distributions are increasingly being used to assess the conservation status of individual species. In this study, we assembled occurrence data for 28 species of vascular plants, birds, and mammals to assess the conservation priorities of the set of natural communities that they represent. Environmental variables were used to predict the distributions using correlative modeling as an alternative to point data, which has been the traditional approach to identify critical areas. Specific priority sites for conservation were identified using an area-selection algorithm based on simulated annealing. Four scenarios of prioritization were created using different criteria for the spatial compactness of the selected sites and fragmentation of remnant habitat. The results provide a preliminary assessment of conservation priorities for the dry ecosystems of the Equatorial Pacific region, and will serve as guidelines to focus future fieldwork.''Indonesia and Peru harbor some of the largest lowland tropical peatland areas. Indonesian peatlands are subject to much greater anthropogenic activity than including drainage, logging, agricultural conversion, and burning, resulting in high greenhouse gas and particulate emissions. To derive insights from the Indonesian experience, we explored patterns of impact in the two countries, and compared their predisposing factors. Impacts differ greatly among Indonesian regions and the Peruvian Amazon in the following order: Sumatra > Kalimantan > Papua > Peru. All impacts, except fire, are positively related to population density. Factors enhancing Indonesian susceptibility to disturbance include peat doming that facilitates drainage, coastal location, high local population, road access, government policies permitting peatland use, lack of enforcement of protections, and dry seasons that favor extensive burning. The main factors that could reduce peatland degradation in Peru compared with Indonesia are geographic isolation from coastal population centers, more compact peatland geomorphology, lower population and road density, more peatlands in protected areas, different land tenure policies, and different climatic drivers of fire; whereas factors that could enhance peatland degradation include oil and gas development, road expansion in peatland areas, and an absence of government policies explicitly protecting peatlands. We conclude that current peatland integrity in Peru arises from a confluence of factors that has slowed development, with no absolute barriers protecting Peruvian peatlands from a similar fate to If the goal is to maintain the integrity of Peruvian peatlands, government policies recognizing unique peatland functions and sensitivities will be necessary.'"Farmers of the Peruvian Andesmake use of seed-size variation as a source offlexibility in the production of ``nativecommercial'' farmer varieties of Andeanpotatoes and ulluco. In a case study of easternCuzco, the use of varied sizes of seed tubers isfound to underpin versatile farm strategiessuited to partial commercialization (combinedwith on-farm consumption and the next season'sseed). Use of seed-size variation also providesadaptation to diverse soil-moistureenvironments. The importance and widespread useof seed-size variation among farmers isdemonstrated in the emphasis and consistency oflinguistic expressions about this trait. Smalland small-medium seed is typically sown in thecommunity's ``Hill'' unit of sub-humid,upper-elevation agriculture. Seed tubers ofmedium-size and larger are needed fordrought-stressed locales in lower-elevationlandscape units. Farm-level preferences for theseed-size of tubers also suggest potentialrelations to resource endowments of farmhouseholds and gender-related management,although these tendencies were notstatistically significant in the study. Anintra-varietal, landscape-environmentalperspective on seed-size management, whichincludes an emphasis on within-fieldversatility, helps to strengthen the researchsupport of local seed production in policiesand programs aiming for in situagrobiodiversity conservation, marketingcapacity, and food security."'The Neotropics bee fauna is very rich with 5000 recognised species, including 33 genera (391 species) of Meliponini, but it is estimated to be at least three fold greater in species richness. Deforestation, agriculture intensification and introduction/spread of exotic competing bee species are considered the main threats to most indigenous species, although other less obvious causes can affect the populations of some bee species locally. Efforts to conserve the native bee fauna include better knowledge of bee richness and diversity (standardized surveys, larger bee collections and appropriate identification of bee species) and of their population dynamics, raising of public and policy awareness, commercial applications of bee products and services such as pollination and preservation of natural habitat.''This article outlines the ethnobotanical and economic importance of the monkey-puzzle tree (Araucaria araucana,), a long-lived conifer endemic to the temperate forests of Chile and Argentina. It also assesses the connection between indigenous resource rights and environmental conservation by examining the history of the use in Ralco Lepoy, an indigenous community of 800 inhabitants located in the Andes of southern Chile. Primary data were collected through interviews and field observations. Secondary data were collected through archival research in national and provincial capitals. Self-determination and territorial rights are important factors in the indigenous interest in and commitment to the conservation of the monkey-puzzle tree. A complementary approach to indigenous land rights and environmental protection may be an appropriate strategy to decentralize conservation efforts and ensure local participation in developing sustainable resource management plans.''Since tropical rain forests are widely threatened by conversion to agriculture, even within protected areas, an understanding of recovery processes is important for restoration of forest ecosystems and thus conservation of their biodiversity. Secondary succession following land clearance and crop cultivation was studied in a lower montane rain forest in a protected area of the Venezuelan Cordillera de la Costa Central. Forest recovery was studied using a chronosequence of eight plots which represented four forest types Secondary Forest, ca. Secondary Forest, ca. (uncultivated) secondary forest and mature forest. Species richness and structural complexity increased during succession, with the oldest secondary forest having a physiognomy comparable to the mature forest. Species diversity was lower in the secondary forests than the mature forest, and their floristic composition was distinct. Four phases are hypothesized to occur in the succession process, each with a distinctive species assemblage: initial colonisation by non-woody vegetation; establishment and canopy closure by short-lived small-seeded woody pioneer species; replacement by longer-lived secondary species; and gradual replacement by mature forest large-seeded climax species. Full recovery of the forests in the protected area is likely to take many years, although it may be assisted through conservation management measures.''This study was conducted to determine the best combination between two collection method and two extenders in the cryopreservation of semen from creole bulls adapted to highlands of the Ecuadorian Andes. Sixty ejaculates from three adult Creole bulls were evaluated after collection by artificial vagina (AV) and electroejaculation (EE). Semen samples were split into two aliquots and diluted with a soy lecithin extender A) or an egg yolk-containing extender T) and packed in straws of with sperms. Optical microscopy and computer-assisted semen analysis system (CASA) were used to evaluate semen quality characteristics. The effects of collection methods and extender type as well as its interaction were evaluated by a factorial ANOVA and test. Semen samples collected with EE and frozen with T (EE-T) and A (EE-A) had greater proportion of spermatozoa with optical assessed individual progressive motility (IPM), plasmatic membrane intact (HosT), and lower tail abnormalities than those obtained with AV and frozen with the same extenders (AV-T and AV-A); however, differences were significant only between EE-A and AV-T. CASA assessment indicated that the total mobility (TM) was greater in semen samples diluted with T, although these samples had a greater proportion of sperms with local motility (LM) and fewer immobile sperms (IS), than those extended with A. Generally, semen samples obtained with EE or AV and diluted with T seems to be the best option to ciopreserve gametes of Creole bulls raised in highlands of Ecuadorian Andes.''Some scientists have suggested that the Huancabamba Depression in northern the partial interruption of the Andean chain by the Rio Chamaya drainage a major biogeographical barrier to montane taxa. Others have suggested that the Amotape-Huancabamba Zone in the Andes of northern Peru and the extreme south of Ecuador is an area of particular biological diversity and possibly a phytogeographical zone in its own right.The phytogeography of this area is investigated here with data mainly from the Loasaceae, supplemented by data on other plant and animal groups and by some new data fromPassiflora L. (Passifloraceae) andRibes L. (Grossulariaceae). The Huancabamba Depression itself does not seem to have been a major dispersal barrier for these groups. However, a phytogeographical Amotape-Huancabamba the Jubones system in Ecuador and the Chamaya system in Peru can be recognized from the available data. This zone seems to be home to numerous endemic species and species groups and has a high level of diversity times as high as adjacent areas to the north and to the south in the groups studied). The species of this area show narrow endemicity and often strikingly aberrant morphological characters, compared with representatives of the same groups from other areas.The overlap between northern and southern groups in the area, the mosaic nature of its habitats (geology, geography, and climate), and a varied geological history (habitat fragmentation, secondary contact) seem to be the three most important factors contributing to these patterns of diversification. At least some phylogenetically old taxa appear to have survived in the Amotape-Huancabamba Zone. The region thus seems to be home to a high number of both neoendemics and paleoendemics.''Using the data published in the Catalogue of the Flowering Plants and Gymnosperms of Peru, we analyzed the elevational distributions of 5323 species reported as endemics from that country as a whole, for 10 families with the highest number of endemic taxa in Peru, and the distribution patterns of these species according to life form. We calculated the density of endemism (number of endemic species divided by area 1000) and absolute number of endemic species among life forms and families, along an elevational gradient. Overall densities of endemics were times higher at mid-elevation m) than in the Amazonian lowlands m). Absolute numbers of endemics peaked at m for herbs, shrubs, and epiphytes, while trees, vines, and lianas showed maxima in the lowlands m); yet densities of endemics for all life forms peaked at m. Among the 10 families with the highest number of endemics, densities of endemics peaked at mid- to high elevation m), but showed much disparity in the elevational distribution of absolute numbers of endemic species. Finally, the percentage of endemic species to total species is highest for herbs, shrubs, and epiphytes. Given that less than 10% of the land area for each of the montane zones m) is protected compared to in the lower elevations m), we recommend that priority be given to increasing the size of protected areas at mid- to high altitude in the Andean slopes to grant further protection in zones with the highest density of endemics. We also recommend that more emphasis be given to collecting and studying non-trees, since most endemic species belong to that class.''Our goal was to investigate in more detail wild and cultivated common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) accessions from northwestern South America (Colombia, Ecuador, and northern Peru) because prior research had shown this region to be the meeting place of the two major gene pools (Middle American and Andean) of common bean. Explorations were conducted in these countries to collect additional materials not represented in germplasm collections. It was possible to identify wild common bean populations in Ecuador and northern Peru, where they had never been described before. In addition, we were able to extend the distribution of wild common bean in Colombia beyond what was known prior to this study. In all areas, the wild common bean habitat had suffered severely from destruction of natural vegetation. In Colombia, wild common beans were found on the Eastern slope of the Andes (in continuation of its distribution in Venezuela), whereas in Ecuador and northern Peru they were found on the western slope of this mountain range. This geographic distribution was correlated with an ecological distribution in relatively dry environments with intermediate temperatures (known as mountain Isozyme andphaseolin seed protein analyses of the northern Peruvian and Ecuadoran wild populations showed that they were intermediate between the Middle American and Andean gene pools of the species. Phaseolin analyses conducted on landraces of the Upper Magdalena Valley in Colombia showed that Andean domesticates were grown at a higher altitude than Middle American domesticates suggesting that the former are adapted to cooler temperatures. Our observations and results have the following consequences for the understanding and conservation of genetic diversity in common bean and other crops: 1) Our understanding of the distribution of the wild relative of common bean (and other crops) is imperfect and further explorations are needed to more precisely identify and rescue wild ancestral populations; 2) For crops for which the wild ancestor has not yet been identified, it may be worthwhile to conduct additional explorations in conjunction with genetic diversity studies at the molecular level to guide the explorations; 3) Our study shows the benefit for more efficient germplasm conservation which can be derived from the dynamic interplay between field explorations (and other conservation operations) and molecular analyses to determine genetic distances and diversities; 4) The intermediate materials identified in northern Peru and Ecuador may have basic importance to understand the origin of the common bean and an applied role as a bridge between the Middle American and Andean gene pools; and 5) The differential adaptation to temperature of the two major cultivated gene pools may help breeders select genotypes based at least partially on their evolutionary origin.''The Amazonian ecosystems of Madre de Dios (MDD) region, considered of due to its impressive species richness, are threatened by the rapid expansion of infrastructure. The paving of the Interoceanic Highway in 2010 has brought rapid population growth and environmental degradation, threatening large-scale conservation efforts such as the Vilcabamba-Amboro Conservation Corridor (VACC). To quantify the impacts of development processes and to identify critical areas where further conservation efforts should be focused, we analyzed of land use and land cover (LULC) dynamics, drivers, and fragmentation patterns in MDD. We mapped LULC in 1993, 2003, and 2013 using Landsat imagery and modeled the proximate drivers of change related to deforestation, forest regrowth, gold mining, agriculture, and urban expansion in two time periods and We characterized habitat fragmentation patterns in four regional target areas. Our results show accelerated deforestation triggered by the road network spreading, mining and agriculture expansion, and population growth. LULC changes produced two contrasting spatial landscape patterns: numerous small forest fragments in the north due to agricultural expansion along the Interoceanic Highway and large continuous forest losses caused by gold mining expansion in the south. Current unplanned development in this region is threatening its outstanding biodiversity. We suggest that further conservation efforts should focus on strengthening the legal framework of the VACC, implementing a sustainable management plan for MDD, promoting agroforestry strategies along the Interoceanic Highway, and preserving smaller corridors for animal movement.''A general overview of the largest South American savanna region, the Cerrado Region, is presented. Using simple approaches, I analyse the distribution of the bird species endemic to this region in order to test the hypothesis that areas harbouring local aggregates of restricted-range endemics have remained stable during the successive Quaternary climatic-vegetational changes. This hypothesis seems not to be generally valid for birds of the Cerrado Region, as restricted-range endemic species exist both in areas that remained (Central Plateau) and areas that remain (Araguaya and Parana~ River valleys, Plateau) during the Late Pleistocene. I also discuss some aspects of the conservation in the Cerrado Region, and suggest that the dry forests of the River Parana~ Valley, must be considered the area with the highest priority for the creation of new reserves in the Cerrado Region.'Abstract not available'Overlapping patchworks of farm spatial units are characteristic of the mountain landscapes of Andean regions of Peru and Bolivia. Patchiness and overlap (200-600 m) are shaped by the broad tolerances of major crops, high variability/low predictability of habitat factors, multifaceted cropping rationales of cultivators including their linkages to extraregional influences, and, to varying extents, the sociospatial coordination of crop choice among farmers. Indian peasant farmers manage overlapping patchworks using a concept of farm spaces as loosely bounded. They apply a naming system to farm spatial units based primarily on topographic features in order to serve their cultural, social, and political purposes. Key processes suggest a regionalglobal model of overlapping patchworks. The model elucidates the roles of landscape flexibility and uncertainty in conservation-with-development. Implications are shown by farm units of diverse food plants and prospects for in situ conservation. Findings caution against universality of the zone model of mountain agriculture.''We assess the spatial structure of moisture flux divergence, regional moisture sources and transport processes over Colombia, in northern South America. Using three independent methods the dynamic recycling model (DRM), FLEXPART and the Quasi-isentropic back-trajectory (QIBT) models we quantify the moisture sources that contribute to precipitation over the region. We find that moisture from the Atlantic Ocean and terrestrial recycling are the most important sources of moisture for Colombia, highlighting the importance of the Orinoco and Amazon basins as regional providers of atmospheric moisture. The results show the influence of long-range cross-equatorial flow from the Atlantic Ocean into the target region and the role of the study area as a passage of moisture into South America. We also describe the seasonal moisture transport mechanisms of the well-known low-level westerly and Caribbean jets that originate in the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea, respectively. We find that these dynamical systems play an important role in the convergence of moisture over western Colombia.''Equatorial air temperatures at low elevations in the New World tropics are shown by pollen and other data to have been significantly lowered in long intervals of the last glaciation. These new data show that long recognized evidence for cooling at high elevations in the tropics were symptomatic of general tropical cooling and that they did not require appeal to altered lapse rates or other special mechanisms to be made to conform with conclusions that equatorial sea surface temperatures (SSTs) were scarcely changed in glacial times. The new data should be read in conjunction with recent findings that Caribbean (SSTs) were lowered in the order of 5 C, contrary to previous interpretations. Thus these accumulating data show that low latitudes as well as high were cooled in glaciations. In part the earlier failure to find evidence of low elevation cooling in the lowland tropics resulted from the data being masked by strong signals for aridity given by old lake levels in parts of Africa and elsewhere. Global circulation models used to predict future effects of greenhouse warming must also be able to simulate the significant cooling of the large tropical land masses at glacial times with reduced greenhouse gas concentrations. Plants and animals of the Amazon forest and similar ecosystems are able to survive in wide ranges of temperatures, CO2 concentrations, and disturbance, though associations change constantly.''We studied richness and composition of the cladoceran species in 61 temporary peat-pools (pools within high-altitude peatland mires) in the Cordillera del Tunari in Cochabamba (Bolivia) during one wet season. Of the 21 species collected, two were new to science and five were new records to Bolivia. Across all 61 pools, species richness per pool varied from (mean = 8.3 + 2.8 SD). Rarefaction analysis revealed that more than 80% of all collected species was represented by a subsample of 25 pools. This is the first study to comprehensively present the cladoceran fauna of temporary peat-pools in the high Andes. The cladoceran diversity is comparable with many permanent systems in the region and other temporary pool systems around the world, and underlines the conservation value of these peatland systems (bofedales) for the aquatic biodiversity of South America.''The pathogenic chytrid fungus, Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd), constitutes a significant threat to more than 790 amphibian species occurring in Colombia. To date there is no molecular or morphological description of strains infecting Colombian populations. Here we report the genetic and morphological characterization of the first Colombian isolate of Bd (strain EV001). Our goals were threefold: (1) to characterize the morphology of EV001 using light and scanning electron microscopy, (2) to genotype this strain by direct sequencing of 17 polymorphic nuclear markers developed previously, and (3) to compare our findings with published reports on strains from other areas of the globe. We found that EV001 is morphologically consistent with previously described strains. Multi-locus genotyping suggested that EV001 is grouped genetically with Panamanian strains and is most similar to strain JEL203 isolated from a captive individual. This finding fills an important gap in our knowledge of Neotropical strains of Bd and provides a baseline for further evolutionary and functional analyses.''Global tropical deforestation continues to occur at high rates despite political attention. National-level forest baselines are being established all over the world to guide the implementation of several policy mechanisms. However, identifying the direct and indirect drivers of deforestation and understanding the complexity of their interlinkages are often difficult. We first analyzed deforestation between 1990 and 2005 at the national level and found an annual deforestation rate of Next, we performed separate analyses for four natural regions in Colombia and found annual deforestation rates between 0.42 and Using general linear models, we identified several direct causes and underlying factors influencing deforestation at the national level: rural population density, cattle, protected areas, and slope. Significant differences in deforestation rates and causes were found across regions. In the Caribbean region, drivers of loss are urban population, unsatisfied basic needs, slope, and precipitation and four land use variables (illicit crops, pastures, cattle, and fires). In the Orinoco region, crops are the main driver of forest loss, and in the Amazonian region, deforestation is primarily due to fires related to the colonization front. Policy mechanisms will have to take into account regional patterns to successfully balance development and forest preservation in Colombia.'Abstract not available'Intraspecific patterns of genetic variation can often be used toidentify biogeographic divisions which can be especially useful in thedesign of conservation strategies. Although abundant empirical evidenceexist on the genetic characteristics of plant species from the NorthernHemisphere as well as tropical endangered taxa, this information isparticularly limited on threatened species from endemism-rich areas inthe southern Andes of Argentina and Chile. The objective of the currentstudy was to analyze the levels and distribution of the isozymevariation in Fitzroya cupressoides (Mol.) Johnst.(Cupressaceae), a rare conifer restricted to temperate rainforests ofnorthern Patagonia, and to evaluate the role of current conservationareas protecting the gene pool of this valuable long-lived conifer.Sampling schedules consisted of fresh foliage collected from 30 randomlyselected trees at each of 24 different populations located along thegeographic range of the species. Extraction of enzymes followed standardprocedures and homogenates were loaded in 12% starch gels whichwere analyzed by horizontal electrophoresis. Eleven enzyme systems wereresolved using a combination of four different buffer solutions whichyielded information on 21 putative loci, 52% of them werepolymorphic in at least one population. Relatively low levels ofwithin-population genetic variability were scored in Fitzroyapopulations which were approximately half of the typical levelspublished for gymnosperms (percent of polymorphic loci, P = 23 vs.53% and expected heterozygosity, HE = 0.077 vs. 0.155for Fitzroya and other conifers respectively). Substantialbetween-population variation was detected, and certain individualpopulations stand out as much more genetically variable than nearbypopulations, which in turn are located outside protected areas. Ourfindings suggest that if the objective is to protect key species likeFitzroya, spatially explicit genetic information can be auseful tool to attain this goal.''The Neotropical bat genus Platyrrhinus is one of the most speciose genera in the family Phyllostomidae. It includes 20 species of frugivorous bats that are endemic to the Neotropics. Platyrrhinus chocoensis is a species distributed from southern Panama southward into northern Ecuador on the lowlands and mid elevations of the Pacific coast of northern South America, across the Biogeographic region, a hot-spot of biodiversity, extending west of the Andes. Due to its association with the Chocoan rainforest, P. chocoensis was designated as one of the two species of bats included in the Red List of Colombian mammals. Another species of Platyrrhinus, P. dorsalis, also occurs in Colombia and Ecuador along both slopes of the Andes. In contrast with P. chocoensis, P. dorsalis is considered a relatively common bat species within the Least Concern category of the International Union for Conservation of Nature. We evaluate the systematics and taxonomy of both species, P. chocoensis and P. dorsalis, using a combination of morphometric and molecular analyses. Although our morphometric analyses support a consistent morphological differentiation between these two taxa, the analyses of mtDNA sequences of Cyt-b and ND2 revealed that P. chocoensis and P. dorsalis have no differentiation at the genetic level for the analyzed markers (0.7%); therefore, we recognize P. chocoensis as a junior synonym of P. dorsalis. In addition, our results support the recognition of two subspecies within P. dorsalis: the nominate P. d. dorsalis and P. d. chocoensis. Finally, we discuss the biogeographic implications of our findings, in particular the consequences of the synonymization of P. chocoensis, that also warrants the reevaluation of the taxonomic and conservation status of P. dorsalis populations from the Chocoan domain.''POPs are still a priority environmental problem, but can be used as a scientific tool for understanding the distribution phenomena. Both high mountains and polar areas are seen as priority zones for contamination studies. In this context, two altitudinal series of soil samples were analysed for several classes of Persistent Organic Pollutants (PCBs, DDTs, HCHs, HCB and chlordane). Two transects were carried out one in the Peruvian Andes (Cordillera Blanca) and the other in the Italian Alps (Mount Legnone). In these two areas, POP composition and levels both gave different results, linked to regional emission history. The Italian samples were characterized by high levels of industrial type compounds, and by surprisingly high DDT contamination, due to a defined consistent local source in Northern Italy. The Peruvian samples, on the other hand, were characterized by generally low POP levels with relatively high DDT contamination. The concentration increase in line with elevation was evident only in the Italian transect, where higher precipitation intensities and an increasingly higher precipitation gradient in accordance with altitude was found present. Precipitations are considered a key factor for enhancing the condensation effect at high altitudes and for reducing summer revolatilisation, as they lower soil temperature. In the Italian altitudinal gradient, evidence of fractionation processes, with a shift of the PCB composition towards less chlorinated congeners, and a vegetation effect with a mean woodland/grassland enrichment factor between 2 and 4 were also observed.''The mass-extinction episode underway is largely centred on tropical forests, insofar as they contain at least half of all species and they are being depleted faster than any other biome. But species distributions and depletion patterns are anything but uniform throughout the biome. This paper identifies 10 areas that, a) are characterised by exceptional concentrations of species with high levels of endemism and b) are experiencing unusually rapid rates of depletion. While these "hotspot" areas comprise less than 3.5 percent of remaining primary forests, they harbour over 34 000 endemic plant species (27 percent of all plant species in tropical forests and 13 percent of all plant species worldwide). They also feature 700 000 endemic animal species and possibly several times more. Unfortunately, they appear likely to lose 90 percent of their forest cover as soon as the end of the century or shortly thereafter, causing the extinction of almost 7 percent of plant species and at least a similar proportion of animal species, this occurring in only 0.2 percent of land surface. By concentrating on such areas where needs are greatestand where the pay-off from safeguard measures would also be greatest, conservationists can engage in a more systematised response to the challenge of largescale extinctions impending in tropical forests.''TheOxalis tuberosa alliance is a group of morphologically similarOxalis species allied to the Andean tuber crop oca,O. tuberosa. Originally described by cytologists as a dozen species sharing a base chromosome number rare inOxalis (x = 8), the alliance as defined here includes additional species for which cytological information is not yet available but which are supported as members on molecular and/or morphological grounds. The alliance includes members found in the Andean region from Venezuela to northern Argentina, with one species at high elevations in Central America. They occur from the high Andean steppes and puna) to the cloud forests of middle elevations and include both restricted endemics and variable widespread species complexes.Geographical and altitudinal distributions of members of the alliance and selectedOxalis species outside the alliance were compared with a combined phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequence data of ITS and ncpGS (chloroplast-expressed glutamine synthetase). Groups within the alliance (i.e., major clades on the molecular trees) occur across widespread, overlapping regions in the Andes, with only partial ecological separation. The hypothesis that theO. tuberosa alliance may have developed in the Andes of southern Peru and northwestern Bolivia and radiated southward and, especially, northward along the Andean axis is suggested by patterns of distributions of members of the alliance and outgroups. In spite of uncertain species delimitations, it is clear that the alliance includes many endemic species and ecotypes that have very restricted distributions. As relatives of the Andean tuber cropOxalis tuberosa, the genetic diversity represented by this geographical variability should be a high priority for conservation.''A strategy is suggested for in situ conservation of crop genetic resources whereby conservation efforts are linked to rural development projects in Third World countries. We describe development projects that emphasize preservation of traditional farming systems and succeed in sustaining production by relying on the maintenance of biological and genetic diversity in these systems. Basing agricultural development efforts on indigenous knowledge, technology, and social organization can provide important guidelines for the design of cropping systems that allow lowincome farmers to produce subsistence and cash crops without dependence on external inputs and seed supplies. By incorporating landraces and wild relatives of crops into these cropping systems, major achievements in the conservation of crop genetic resources can be obtained.''Orinoquia is one of the most important riverine ecosystems complexes of the world. However, it has been seldom recognized as an ecological or historical entity in general accounts of South American archaeology. This essay reviews systematically and comparatively the archaeology of Orinoquia, by discussing research done from the 1940s onwards in all the areas of the Orinoco Basin: the Andes, the plains or llanos, the Orinoco river proper, the highlands of Guayana, and the Delta. It is proposed that, in the last 20 years, there has been a sustained movement away from a traditional archaeology, concerned mostly with environmental determinism and cultural history, to new and pluralistic models that share, in spite of their diversity, a regional, long-term, and multidisciplinary approach.'Abstract not available'The inter-Andean tropical rainforests and dry forests of the Magdalena river basin (Tumbes-Choco-Magdalena biodiversity hotspot) in northern Colombia have undergone significant forest loss and degradation in recent decades. Six primate species inhabit this region, five of which are currently threatened with extinction and one of brown spider monkey, Ateles considered critically endangered. Accurate and recent information on the distribution and conservation status of these threatened primate populations is scarce or nonexistent, even though such data are needed to implement successful conservation actions and management plans. Between 2006 and 2016, we evaluated the status and distribution of primates across inter-Andean lowland forests in northern Colombia. We visited 30 sites to evaluate the presence/absence of brown spider monkeys and other primate taxa in the region. We also carried out surveys at 10 of these sites to obtain estimates of primate population densities and demographic information from forests with different levels of anthropogenic disturbance. Novel data on primate presence/absence were obtained for 27 sites, and 136 records were collected in total. Only 33% of the sites visited were large forest fragments This study confirms that at least six primate species are still present in the Rio Magdalena region, which represents the highest platyrrhine diversity west of the Andes. This study also confirms the persistence of a wild population of Colombian woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha lugens) in the de San Lucas. Assigning formal protected status to this region is an urgent priority for the conservation of primates in the Rio Magdalena region.''The threat to tropical forests is often gauged in terms of deforestation rates and the total area remaining. Recently, however, there has been a growing realization that forest can appear intact on a satellite image yet be biologically degraded or vulnerable to degradation. The array of direct threats to humid tropical forest biodiversity, in addition to deforestation, includes: selective extraction of plants; selective extraction of animals; biological invasion; fragmentation; climate change; changing atmospheric composition; and increasing tree turnover rates. The threats are linked to one another by a poorly understood network of causality and feedback effects. Moreover, their potential impacts on forest biodiversity are hard to assess because each threat is as likely to precipitate indirect effects as direct effects, and because several threats are likely to interact synergistically with one another. In spite of the uncertainties, it is clear that the biological health of tropical forests can become seriously degraded as a result of these threats, and it is unlikely that any tropical forest will escape significant ecological changes. Some groups of plants and animals are likely to benefit at the expense of others. Species diversity is expected to decline as a consequence of the changes in forest ecology. In the 21st century scientists and conservationists will be increasingly challenged to monitor, understand, prevent and head off these threats.''An ensemble of 20 extended integrations of the atmospheric model CSIRO Mark 2, forced with the sea-surface temperature observed during the period, was performed to analyze the simulation capability of seasonal climate anomalies over South America and adjacent oceanic areas. Variations of the simulation skill within the region and during the experimental period were assessed through standard statistical measures and compared to the signal-to-noise ratio distribution. Before the skill assessment, model systematic errors were thoroughly evaluated. The results confirm that the simulation skill is very high in tropical oceanic areas, and decreases rapidly towards middle and high latitudes. Model performance at mid and high atmospheric levels is substantially better than at low levels. Relatively high simulation capability was found over the Pacific Ocean between the equator and the Antarctic coast, which is coherent with the presence of three relative maximums in the signal-to-noise ratio, similar to the increase of the forced variance found by several authors over much of the American pattern region. Rainfall rate and second-order moments associated with the cyclonic activity and the meridional eddy fluxes of heat and humidity are better simulated in a narrow strip parallel to the SPCZ and extending further southeast into mid latitudes of the continent. The simulation skill noticeably improves during the warm and cold ENSO phases, in correspondence with an intensification of the signal-to-noise ratio, and useful rainfall anomaly simulations can be obtained over the Amazonas and Rio de la Plata river basins.''We evaluate the spatio-temporal variability of atmospheric moisture in northern South America. The spatial structure of moisture is discussed in seasonal and interannual time scales. We combine the principal component analysis of moisture flux divergence and the physical information flow to measure the relative influence of global climate phenomena in the leading modes of regional variability. Our results highlight the inherent complexity of spatial structure in this region due to the interaction of the Tropical Andes, the regional circulation changes related to the annual migration of the ITCZ, the low-level jet structures of regional atmospheric transport and the moisture transport from surrounding marine areas. Modes of variability related to oscillations in the tropical and extratropical Atlantic and Tropical Pacific are the most important sources of variability underlying the regional atmospheric moisture. To emphasize ENSO related variability, we propose a seasonal state classification index that unambiguously classifies the local evolution of precipitation in El and La years, showing the occurrence of marked differences in local moisture content in each of these phases.'hydro-climatic differences of 2 years (wet; dry) dramatically control the increment pattern varying extent, even causing a during the La drought present the first multi-year long time series of local climate data in the seasonally dry tropical forest in Southern Ecuador and related growth dynamics of Loxopterygium huasango, a deciduous tree species. Local climate was investigated by installing an automatically weather station in 2007 and the daily tree growth variability was measured with high-resolution point dendrometers. The climatic impact on growth behaviour was evaluated. Hydro-climatic variables, like precipitation and relative humidity, were the most important factors for controlling tree growth. Changes in rainwater input affected radial increment rates and daily amplitudes of stem diameter variations within the study period from 2009 to 2013. El Southern Oscillation (ENSO) related variations of tropical Pacific Ocean sea surface temperatures influenced the increment rates. Average radial increments showed high inter-annual (up to and inter-individual (up to variations. Daily amplitudes of stem diameter variations differed strongly between the two extreme years 2009 (wet) and 2011 (dry). Contrary to 2009, the La drought in 2011 caused a rapid reduction of the daily amplitudes, indicating a total cessation of stem increment under ENSO-related drought conditions and demonstrating the high impact of climatic extreme events on carbon sequestration of the dry tropical forest ecosystem.''The cultivation and traffic of coca, Erythrolxylum coca, and coca derivatives remain understudied threats to the conservation of the Amazon rainforest. Currently the crop is transforming land use and livelihoods in the ecologically and culturally rich borderlands of Amazonian Peru. The isolated nature of this region characterized by indigenous populations (both settled and uncontacted), conservation units, resource concessions, and a lack of state presence provides fertile ground for the boom and bust cycle of coca production and facilitates the international transport of the product to neighboring Brazil. This paper explores the social and environmental impacts of coca production, eradication, and transport through an analysis of both spatial and ethnographic data on land use and livelihood strategies along the Ucayali and Rivers. Results map out the regional distribution and recent history of commercial coca fields and transboundary transportation routes and identify threats to the conservation of indigenous landscapes and borderland forests.'"Internal migration from the Peruvian highlands and rural areas has burdened urban areas with rapid growth. Urban expansion is threatening the desert habitat and unique vegetation communities surrounding Arequipa, one of Peru's largest cities. A 511 ha tract contiguous to the city of Arequipa has been informally designated an ecological park. Analysis of Landsat satellite imagery over a 16-year interval indicates that urban expansion is occurring in the direction of the park. The land use/land cover change analysis revealed other landscape patterns and processes, such as agricultural expansion, which are relevant to the study area. These dynamics, plus principles of landscape ecology, suggest that the park's size and shape may not be the most suitable. Conservation alternatives include the expansion of the park, the spatial connection to another nature reserve, or the design of co-management strategies. Given local historical events and the paucity of regional conservation efforts, social actors in Arequipa and in national governmental institutions will need to find practical ways to collaborate."'The interface of the southern Neotropics harbours an interdigitating array of biomes (Puna, Monte, Chaco, Yungas). This topographic and climatically complex region needs urgent conservation efforts, as it is being transformed by human activities at an accelerating pace. We analyse georeferenced field records of mammal species in northwestern Argentina (provinces: Catamarca, Jujuy, Salta, Tucuman) in order to define biodiversity hotspots on the basis of grid cells within northwestern Argentina according to total richness of mammal species, richness of megaspecies (species above 10 kg), and endemic species (species restricted to Argentina or neighbouring countries with shared biomes). The mammal fauna of northwestern Argentina is fairly well known (176 species). The biomes differ considerably in species richness (Puna low, Yungas high) and species composition. We found no significant difference between endemic and non-endemic species regarding cell occupancy or body size. Cell occupancy was not correlated to body size. Across grids, species richness, number of megaspecies as well as richness of endemics are all correlated to sampling effort. More than 50% of the species in the region are restricted to one or two biomes. Overall, the species turn-over between biomes in northwestern Argentina is high. Using a simple algorithm we identified 10 grid cells which covered 90% of the total number of recorded species, and contrast them with the protected areas. While the Puna and Yungas biomes are rather well protected, the arid and semiarid Monte and Chaco are in need of urgent attention in biodiversity conservation.''Three fragmented rain forests and one primary forest in southern Yunnan were plotted. The microclimate and soil conditions of these forests were also studied. The following conclusions were drawn: (1) The microclimatic differences between inside and outside forest are less in the fragmented forests than in the primary forest, which indicates that the buffer effects to climatic change have been reduced in the fragmented forests. The soil has deteriorated to some extent due to forest fragmentation. (2) In species composition, especially the abundance of some species and the dominant ranks of some families have changed with fragmentation. Barringtonia macrostachya, the most dominant species in the control primary forest, disappeared from the fragmented forests, while Antiaris toxicaria, which is a characteristic but not dominant species in the primary forest, is dominant in fragmented forests. (3) The total number of species per plot was reduced in the fragmented forests and the more seriously disturbed the fragment was, the more the species richness diminished. (4) In life form spectra, the liana and microphanerophyte species increased, but epiphyte, megaphanerophyte, mesophanerophyte and chamaephyte species decreased in the fragmented forests. (5) The plant species diversity is generally lower in the fragmented forests than in the primary forest, although for some life forms it could be higher. (6) The tree species with small populations could be lost first in the process of rain forest fragmentation. (7) The heliophilous or pioneer tree species increased and the shade-tolerant species were reduced in the fragmented forests.'Abstract not available'Conservation planning analyses show a striking progression from endeavors targeted at single species or at individual sites, to the systematic assessment of entire taxa at large scales. These, in turn, inform wide-reaching conservation policies and financial investments. The latter are epitomized by global-scale prioritization frameworks, such as the Biodiversity Hotspots. We examine the entire Neotropical region to identify sets of areas of high conservation priority according to terrestrial vertebrate distribution patterns. We identified a set of 49 ecoregions in which 90, 82 and 83%, respectively of total, endemic and threatened vertebrates are represented. A core subset of 11 ecoregions captured 55, 27 and 38% of these groups. The Neotropics hold the largest remaining wilderness areas in the world, and encompass most of the tropical ecosystems still offering significant options for successful broad-scale conservation action. Our analysis helps to elucidate where conservation is likely to yield best returns at the ecoregion scale.''Current debates in the conservation sciences argue for better integration between research and practice, often citing the importance of the diffusion, dissemination and implementation of scientific knowledge for environmental management and policy. This paper focuses on a relatively well-researched protected area (Madidi National Park) in Bolivia in order to present different interpretations and understandings of the implications and availability of research findings. We draw on findings from quantitative and qualitative methods to determine the extent to which research carried out in the region was disseminated and/or implemented for management actions, and to understand subsequent implications for how local actors perceive the value of research and its role in management and conservation. We discuss the critical consequences of these findings for the future of conservation science and practice in biologically and culturally diverse landscapes, with an explicit call to action for academic institutions to support researchers in developing appropriate dissemination strategies.'"BackgroundUnderstanding the forces that shaped Neotropical diversity is central issue to explain tropical biodiversity and inform conservation action; yet few studies have examined large, widespread species. Lowland tapir (Tapirus terrrestris, Perissodactyla, Tapiridae) is the largest Neotropical herbivore whose ancestors arrived in South America during the Great American Biotic Interchange. A Pleistocene diversification is inferred for the genus Tapirus from the fossil record, but only two species survived the Pleistocene megafauna extinction. Here, we investigate the history of lowland tapir as revealed by variation at the mitochondrial gene Cytochrome b, compare it to the fossil data, and explore mechanisms that could have shaped the observed structure of current populations.ResultsSeparate methodological approaches found mutually exclusive divergence times for lowland tapir, either in the late or in the early Pleistocene, although a late Pleistocene divergence is more in tune with the fossil record. Bayesian analysis favored mountain tapir (T. pinchaque) paraphyly in relation to lowland tapir over reciprocal monophyly, corroborating the inferences from the fossil data these species are sister taxa. A coalescent-based analysis rejected a null hypothesis of allopatric divergence, suggesting a complex history. Based on the geographic distribution of haplotypes we propose (i) a central role for western Amazonia in tapir diversification, with a key role of the ecological gradient along the transition between Andean subcloud forests and Amazon lowland forest, and (ii) that the Amazon river acted as an barrier to gene flow. Finally, the branching patterns and estimates based on nucleotide diversity indicate a population expansion after the Last Glacial Maximum.ConclusionsThis study is the first examining lowland tapir phylogeography. Climatic events at the end of the Pleistocene, parapatric speciation, divergence along the Andean foothill, and role of the Amazon river, have similarly shaped the history of other taxa. Nevertheless further work with additional samples and loci is needed to improve our initial assessment. From a conservation perspective, we did not find a correspondence between genetic structure in lowland tapir and ecogeographic regions proposed to define conservation priorities in the Neotropics. This discrepancy sheds doubt into this scheme's ability to generate effective conservation planning for vagile species."'With 11 currently recognised species, the genusEriocnemis (Reichenbach, 1849) is one of the most diversified Andean trochilid groups occupying mainly open montane habitats such as the edges of cloud forest or On the basis of distributional and morphological patterns, this study highlights the geographical variation and biogeography of the taxon. Characteristics common to all these species are the greenish dorsal plumage, the conspicuous and mostly whitish tibial tufts, and a fairly pronounced tail bifurcation. With the help of plumage synapomorphies for a cladistic analysis (PAUP*), several species groups or superspecies can be distinguished: theE. vestitus group (incl.E. vestitus, E. godini, E. nigrivestis), theE. luciani group (incl.E. luciani, E. cupreoventris, E. sapphiropygia), and theE. alinae group (incl.E. alinae, E. mirabilis).E. glaucopoides, E. mosquera, andE. derbyi differ quite widely in morphology and ecological requirements from the other species. Three new subspecies are described,E. vestitus arcosi from southern Ecuador and northern Peru, andE. luciani baptistae from central and southern Ecuador. A previously overlooked specimen ofE. luciani from the Andes of represents the first species record for Venezuela, about 1100 km northeast of the main population range, and should be recognised taxonomically asE. luciani meridae, subsp. nov., on the basis of its unique plumage morphology and geographical separation. Additionally, the unique type ofE. ventralis (Salvin, 1891) is probably of hybrid origin (E. vestitus cupreoventris). The genus may have evolved in the northern Andes, subsequently spreading southward and invading the central Andes. Its recent range and phylogenetic patterns indicate vicariance events as the major speciation factor inEriocnemis.''This paper presents a first account of the vegetation of southwestern Amazonia, a frequent but poorly known formation and unusual in that it is a lowland moist tropical environment in which virtually all of the plant diversity is accounted for by herbs. The occur along canalized portions of the Purus and river basins, and their substrates consist of exposed parent materials that characterize much of this sector of Amazonia but are usually overlain by a relatively thin layer of soil. They are constantly moist seeps or and the lower portions are seasonally submerged. Strata are recognizable in the vegetation, and the physiognomy and composition of each vegetation band of the is likely determined by the slope, the parent material, and (for lower bands) the duration of flooding. To date the flora has registered 66 species: 11 bryophytes, 12 ferns, and 43 angiosperms. Five of the bryophyte species, two ferns, and one grass, Arundinella berteroniana, are found in most if not all and can be considered indicators of this vegetation type, while most of the pteridophytes and other angiosperms occur more sporadically. None of the species is endemic to the formation and only four to the region; most are associated generally with the margins of rivers, lakes, and streams, often on rocky or sandy substrates. The floristic and conservation significance of this formation lie in its apparent affinities with montane regions, in the fact that 21 species and eight genera are recorded for the Acre flora only from the and in its local value as a source of filtered potable water.''Background and aimsExotic coniferous species have been used widely in restoration efforts in tropical montane forests due to their tolerance to adverse conditions and rapid growth, with little consideration given to the potential ecological benefits provided by native tree species. The aim of this study was to elucidate differences in litterfall and nutrient flow between a montane oak forest (Quercus humboldtii Bonpl.) and exotic coniferous plantations of pine (Pinus patula Schltdl. & Cham.) and cypress (Cupressus lusitanica Mill.) in the Colombian Andes.MethodsLitter production, litter decomposition rate, and element composition of leaf litter were monitored during production in the oak forest and pine plantation was similar, but considerably lower in the cypress plantation . Similar patterns were observed for nutrient concentrations in litterfall, with the exception of Ca which was three times higher in the cypress plantation. The annual decay rate of litter was faster in the montane oak forest than in either of the exotic coniferous plantations. The potential and net return of nutrients to the forest floor were significantly higher in oak forest than in the exotic coniferous plantations.ConclusionsFuture restoration programs should consider new species that can emulate the nutrient flow of native broadleaf species instead of exotic species that tend to impoverish soil nutrient stocks in tropical montane forests.''Total seed protein variability in a sample of 163 entries of year-bean (Phaseolus polyanthus), including wild, feral and cultivated forms of the whole range of distribution in Latin America was studied using I-dimensional SDS/PAGE and 2-dimensional IEF-SDS/PAGE. Ten different patterns were observed in this crop. Eight of these are found in the Mesoamerican materials, the other two of those in the northern Andes. The highest diversity is found in the wild ancestral forms present in central Guatemala with six patterns. The predominant in all Mesoamerican cultivated materials is also present at low frequency in Colombia. The pattern, predominant in the northern Andes, is present in Costa Rica. These results together with information on indigenous names for the crop suggest that there is a single gene pool domesticated from a wild ancestor still present in Guatemala, and distributed afterwards to the northern Andes, but with a clinal genetic drift from Mesoamerica to the Andean region.''Endemicity is important for the delimitation of conservation areas. Endemic areas are those that contain two or more taxa with their distribution restricted to the area. The aim of this study was to detect endemic areas for palms in the Amazon region and to determine whether the species that define these endemic areas are protected within conservation units. Records of occurrence were extracted from the global biodiversity information facility (GBIF). The final dataset consisted of 17,310 records, for 177 species of Amazonian palms. For analysis we used parsimony analysis of endemicity (PAE) and NDM-VNDM program, and grid square size of and as operational geographic units (OGUs). The distribution of endemic species was superimposed on occurrence of the conservation units (CUs). PAE did not show endemic areas in grid squares of but found 10 palm endemic areas in grid squares of in the western Amazon and Andean sub-region. However, the NDM-VNDM program identified an endemic area in grid squares of located at the eastern Guiana with endemicity and in grid squares of it identified seven consensus areas with endemicity all in the western Amazon. The combination of PAE and NDM-VNDM analyses resulted in eight endemic palm areas in the combined western Amazon and Andean sub-region. Of the species that define the endemic areas, five are threatened with extinction in one of three IUCN categories (EN, VU, NT), and they are not protected in any conservation units. The western Amazon, besides having high palm richness, also has palm endemic areas, especially, near the Andean sub-region and the Peruvian Amazon.''The microbial community of a Colombian high mountain hot spring, El Coquito, was analyzed using three different culture-independent assessments of 16S ribosomal RNA genes: clone libraries, pyrosequencing of the hypervariable region, and microarray. This acidic spring had a diverse community composed mainly of Bacteria that shared characteristics with those from other hot springs and extreme acidic environments. The microbial community was dominated by Proteobacteria, Firmicutes, and Planctomycetes and contained chemotrophic bacteria potentially involved in cycling of ferrous and sulfur-containing minerals and phototrophic organisms, most of which were eukaryotic micro-algae. Despite the presence of a large proportion of novel, unclassified sequences, the taxonomic profiles obtained with each strategy showed similarities at higher taxonomic levels. However, some groups, such as Spirochaetes and Aquificae, were identified using only one methodology, and more taxa were detected with the gene array, which also shared more groups with the pyrosequencing data. Overall, the combined use of different approaches provided a broader view of the microbial community in this acidic hot spring.''For a long time, the genus Metaxya was treated as monotypic with a single species, M. rostrata. A second species, M. lanosa, was described in 2001 on the basis of morphological features and rbcL gene sequences with a suggestion that the genus may contain even more species. We have now systematically compared morphological traits in a large number of Metaxya specimens collected in tropical America. We have also carried out phylogenetic analyses of 32 Metaxya and 5 outgroup specimens based on four markers of the plastid genome (rbcL, matK, and rps4 genes, and trnG-trnR intergenic spacer). Based on the morphological variation among the Metaxya specimens, we accept six distinct species, three of which we describe as new in this paper. Molecular phylogenetic analyses resolved five distinct clades. Four of these corresponded with the morphologically delineated species (M. contamanensis sp. nov., M. elongata sp. nov., M. lanosa, and M. parkeri). The fifth clade contained all the individuals of the remaining two species, of which M. rostrata was rendered paraphyletic by M. scalaris sp. nov. being nested within it. Since M. scalaris was resolved as monophyletic, and the two are clearly distinguishable morphologically, we consider them true species despite the incomplete genetic differentiation.''Knowing the potential distribution of species helps to focus conservation efforts more effectively, mainly when dealing with endangered species. The aim of this study was to generate potential distribution models for four species of small wild felids in Mexico (Leopardus pardalis, Leoparduswiedii, Lynx rufus and Puma yagouaroundi). The models were generated based on felids presence records, and topographic, anthropic and vegetation drivers. We used 473 records (171 for L. pardalis, 140 for L. wiedii, 86 for L. rufus and 76 for P. yagouaroundi) to build eleven models per species to then select the three with the best performance and included them in ensemble models. These were based on the formula of the weighted average, which considers the performance of the algorithms evaluated with a subsample of testing records, from which the area under the curve is calculated. In this way, in the ensemble model the consistent zones between algorithms are included, but the one with the best performance predominates. The species with the largest potential distribution area was L. pardalis with 34.3% of the national territory, while L. rufus had the smallest area (14.3%). In the four species a unique set of variables was identified that influence the probability of presence, however the altitude, the arid vegetation and the population density were important variables for three of the four species. We verified our models with recently published presence records. The results of this study reflect a robust analysis of the current and potential distribution of four species of wild felids in Mexico. In addition to being the first step to develop effective conservation strategies at national and local levels.'Abstract not available'This paper compares the non-deltaic, riparian-flooded forests of the Orinoco and Amazon River basins. Ecological relationships between these forests and their environments that can be useful in establishing schemes for biodiversity conservation are identified. Adaptations of species to flow seasonality, flooding intensity, sedimentation pattern and nutrient depletion are described. The variability and diversity of riparian-flooded forests is related to (i) landscape evolution (regional-scale, long-term), (ii) water quality (basin scale, long-term) and (iii) hydrology and geomorphology (sector-scale, medium-term). The floristic analysis has produced a preliminary list of 242 tree species common to the riparian-flooded forests of both basins. This relatively high number of species is related to connectivity between the riparian corridors of both basins and the effective operation of dispersal mechanisms. Highly oligotrophic environments add uniqueness at the regional scale through the evolution of endemic species presenting adaptations not only to flooding but also to nutrient depletion. The process of genetic diversification and the evolution of genotypes adapted to flooding are suggested to explain longitudinal gradients at tributary junctions and floodplain-upland ecotones where current fluvial dynamics are unpredictable over ecological time scales. The paper presents information that may be used to devise appropriate measures to evaluate sites for riparian biodiversity conservation and management.''The limited resources available for the conservation of biodiversity and ecosystem services call for prioritisation schemes. For instance, in the process of systematic conservation planning site selection is partly determined by efficiency gains. In this paper we present an alternative method for global spatial priority-setting based on ecological indicators, combined with social and economic conditions that influence the effectiveness of conservation, and measures for the long-term persistence of biodiversity. In the analysis the assumption made is that nature conservation should prioritize the effective maintenance of functional ecosystems that do not only provide the most ecosystem services but are also more likely to have a high adaptive capacity towards unavoidable environmental change. Furthermore, the effectiveness and permanence of conservation projects is tied to certain socioeconomic and political conditions that, as we suggest, should be evaluated as part of the conservation priority-setting process. We propose three new priority categories: eco-functionally wise (EcoWise), socioeconomically wise (SocioWise) and proactive allocation of conservation resources considering future climate change (ClimateWise) expressed as indices based on 16 different indicators. Analysing the combined effects of these three categories (EcoSocioClimateWise), in a spatially explicit way highlights the importance of tropical, subtropical but also some temperate and boreal forest areas all of which are characterized by high values of vegetation density, tree height and carbon storage. Our recommendations for policy makers prompt a shift in conservation planning towards advocating the use of ecological and socioeconomic indicators in combination with proxies for the vulnerability to future climate change impacts.''The goal of biodiversity hotspots is to identify regions around the world where conservation priorities should be focused. We undertake a geographic information system and remote sensing analysis to identify the rarest and least protected forests in biodiversity hotspots. World Wildlife Fund ecoregions with terrestrial forest were subset from 34 biodiversity hotspots and forest cover calculated from GlobCover data at a pixel resolution. There were 276 ecoregions in 32 biodiversity hotspots classified as containing terrestrial forests. When the first quartile of forest ecoregions was subset based on smallest extent of forest cover in protected areas, there were 69 rare forests identified within 20 biodiversity hotspots. Most rare forest ecoregions (45) occurred on islands or island archipelagos and 47 rare forest ecoregions contained less than forest cover in protected areas. San Ambrosio Islands Temperate Forests, Tubuai Tropical Moist Forests, Maldives-Lakshadweep-Chagos Archipelago Tropical Moist Forests, and Yap Tropical Dry Forests were identified as the least protected and possibly most vulnerable forests within biodiversity hotspots. These ecoregions cover less than forest cover is less than and there are no protected areas. There is a need to update classifications and boundaries of protected areas, insure that islands are included in global land cover datasets, and identify levels of endemism and endangerment within forest ecoregions. This should improve our ability to compare, prioritize, and monitor forests in biodiversity hotspots.'Abstract not available'The systematics of theGlaucescentes Carl, a poorly known neotropical section of the large genusPlagiochila, is revised based on a large set of gametophytic, sporophytic and chemical characters. Three species are recognized,P. buchtiniana Steph.,P. longispina Lindenb. and Gottsche andP. diversifolia Lindenb. and Gottsche, the latter with two chemotypes. Twelve binomina are reduced to synonymy. The species occur in montane regions of tropical America, especially in the northern and central Andes. In addition,P. longispina is newly reported from the Azores, where it was previously known asP. allorgei Herzog and Perss. TheGlaucescentes are excellently characterized by morphological and chemical features and are clearly separated from theContiguae Carl, a group often confused with theGlaucescentes. Morphologically, theGlaucescentes stand apart by the brown oil bodies, thinwalled inner capsule wall cells and partly unequally bispiral elaters. Chemically, they are characterized by the accumulation of partially hydrogenated bibenzylderivatives (longispinone, longispinol), 3-benzylphthalides and various flavonoids, and by the low production of terpenoids.''Planted fallow systems under and management were compared with natural fallow systems at two farms (BM1 and BM2) in the Colombian Andes. The BM1 site was relatively more fertile than the BM2 site. Planted fallow systems evaluated included Calliandra calothyrsus CIAT 20400 (CAL), Indigofera constricta (IND) or Tithonia diversifola (TTH). During each pruning event slashed biomass was weighed, surface-applied to the soil on the same plot and sub-samples taken for chemical analyses. While Indigofera trees consistently showed significantly greater (p < 0.05) plant height and collar diameter than Calliandra trees at both study sites, only collar diameter in Indigofera was significantly affected at all sampling times by differences between BM1 and BM2. After 27 months, TTH presented the greatest cumulative dry weight biomass (37 t and nutrient accumulation in biomass (417.5 kg N 85.3 kg P 928 kg K 299 kg Ca and 127.6 kg Mg among planted fallow systems studied at BM1. Leaf biomass was significantly greater (P < 0.05) for CAL than IND irrespective of site. However, CAL and IND biomass from other plant parts studied and nutrient accumulation were generally similar at BM1 and BM2. At both sites, NAT consistently presented the lowest biomass production and nutrient accumulation among fallow systems. Planted fallows using Calliandra and Indigofera trees had the additional benefit of producing considerable quantities of firewood for household use.''IntroductionExotic invasive species represent a major driver of the loss of biological diversity and services provided by ecosystems globally. An important cause of species becoming invasive is the development of commercial afforestation projects using fast-growing and adaptable exotic species, which may become invasive impacting natural environments. The tropical ash (Fraxinus uhdei), native to has been widely introduced to Colombia and other countries for timber, live fences, and urban greening. It is now common in many areas of the tropical mountains and has been observed expanding into native forests in Colombia.This study examined the invasion pattern and the demographic structure of tropical ash in remnant Andean forests in Colombia, to find out factors associated with the invasion process. The analysis took into account biotic and physical factors: distance to propagule source, vegetation cover types, and understory and canopy cover.ResultsAlthough the reproductive strategy of the tropical ash is of type with low survival rates, the results show evidence for an active process of invasion characterized by an aggregated distribution pattern dominated by seedlings and juvenile plants. The study shows the existence of an interaction between the distance to propagule source and the vegetation cover, which has an additive effect on the demographic structure of the population.ConclusionsThis study suggests an active invasion process by the exotic tree tropical ash into a remnant of sub-humid forests in the Andean highlands. Our results showed an expanding population process with a decreasing average age from propagule sources and mature reproductive individuals within the native forest, which bring new individuals that are colonizing new areas and advancing into the forest. This research points to the need for urgent plant intervention on two aspects: the use of the tropical ash and the management of the invasion process in native forests.''The determinants of diversity are a central issue in ecology, particularly in Andean forests that are known to be a major diversity hotspot for several taxa. We examined the effect of abiotic (elevation and precipitation) and biotic (flowering plant diversity) factors considered to be decisive causal factors of diversity patterns on anthophyllous insect communities on mountain forest. Sampling was carried out in 100-m transects at eight elevational levels and during a period of All flowering plants in the understory and their flowering visitors were recorded. Species richness and diversity were estimated for each elevation and month. Diversity of flowering plants, elevation, and precipitation were used as independent variables in multiple regressions against insect diversity. The evaluated abiotic and biotic factors had contrasting effects on insect diversity: a significant decrease on insect diversity occurred at high elevation and dry months (i.e., threshold effect), while it showed a positive relationship with flowering plant diversity through time (i.e., linear effect), but not along elevation. Rapid turnover of species of both interacting guilds was observed every 100-m altitude and month. Local insect communities were also divided functionally depending on the plant family they visit. These results indicate that each insect community is distinctive among elevations and months and that diversity of flowering plants, precipitation, and elevation influence their structure and composition. Thus, conservation strategies should involve protection of forest cover at the whole elevation gradient, in order to preserve common and exclusive components of diversity and consequently, the mosaic of interactions.''The aim of this paper is to examine the potential for continued agriculturalisation in the tropics and the potential impacts of this on tropical natural capital and ecosystem services. Concurrently we examine the extent to which projected climate change will drive changes in the water available to support food security, locally and along supply chains through impacts on rainfall in key agricultural areas and the implications of climate change for continued agriculturalisation. We make use of global spatial datasets to examine the tropical distribution of current cropland and pasture and the distribution of the remaining non-agricultural areas in relation to their suitability for cropland and pasture. We thus identify the most suitable/likely areas for further agriculturalisation in the tropics under increased domestic and export demand. We then examine the potential risks to natural capital and ecosystem services of such agriculturalisation and highlight critical areas for careful agricultural expansion. We examine the non-agricultural lands with greatest suitability for pasture and cropland and highlight the key countries capable of contributing to significant increases in global food production. Further, we examine trends in recent land use change and project these forward to understand the parts of those countries most imminently likely to go under the plough and consider implications for natural capital and ecosystem services. We then examine ensemble climate change projections for the current agricultural areas in Latin America, to better understand likely impacts of tropical climate change on sustained agricultural suitability in these areas, with implications for further extensification. Finally, we use the COMTRADE database to examine the flows of supporting key agricultural commodities from the tropics. This is in order to understand the extent to which climate change will amplify or diminish the potential for virtual water flows between the tropics and the rest of the world. Results indicate rapid and necessary agriculturalisation in the tropics under business as usual, which brings considerable threats to the remaining natural capital and ecosystem services in these areas. At the same time we expect climate change - at least for South America - to bring greater water availability and the possibility of increased productivity in current agricultural areas. If true, this could offset some of the demand for expensive and risky extensification of agriculture, and encourage a more focused intensification.''Projections of climate change are essential to guide sustainable development plans in the tropical Andean countries such as Peru. This study assessed the projections of precipitation and potential evaporation, rain erosive potential, and precipitation concentration in the Mantaro River Basin, in the Peruvian Andes, which is important for agriculture and energy production in Peru. We assumed the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) A1B greenhouse gas emission scenario and simulated the global climate change by the HadCM3 global climate model. Due to the steepness of the mountain slopes and the narrowness of the river valley, this study uses the downscaling of the global model simulations by the regional Eta model down to 20-km resolution. The downscaling projections show decrease in the monthly precipitation with respect to the baseline period, especially during the rainy season, between February and April, until the end of the 21st century. Meanwhile, a progressive increase in the monthly evaporation from the baseline period is projected. The Modified Fournier Index (MFI) shows a statistically significant downward trend in the Mantaro River Basin, which suggests a possible reduction in the rain erosive potential. The Precipitation Concentration Index (PCI) shows a statistically significant increasing trend, which indicates increasingly more irregular temporal distribution of precipitation towards the end of the century. The results of this study allow us to conclude that there should be a gradual increase in water deficit and precipitation concentration. Both changes can be negative for agriculture, power generation, and water supply in the Mantaro River Basin in Peru.''The tropical and subtropical moist forests of South America have been seen as remarkable for their great wealth of animals and plants and as the world leader in bird diversity. However, a problem is apparently affecting bird populations in these habitats, to the extent that most of the sites that I have studied in the last few years were practically Censuses conducted in the Amazon rainforest in Ecuador and Bolivia have revealed no more than 15 species and 18 individuals in It is evident that this is not a problem of the kind usually induced by humans at a local level, such as deforestation, hunting or pesticide use. The low diversity and activity were observed not only in disturbed habitats, but also in well-preserved national parks and reserves. If it is related to human activities, then this must be more widespread. One such possibility is global warming. For ornithological studies, this is a very severe problem that must be closely examined to see whether it is also a threat to bird survival and if it is related to climate change.''Regional and local environmental conditions shape the habitat pbl]References of species. In tropical highlands, the regional effects of elevation and local effects of topography combine to shape environmental conditions and create drastically heterogeneous habitats. This is thought to strongly influence the habitat pbl]References of species in the region at a local level; however, evidence of this hypothesis remains scarce. We studied the habitat pbl]References of the Andean cottontail Sylvilagus andinus (Lagomorpha: Leporidae) in relation to elevation and wind exposure mediated by local topography. We used the presence/absence of the pellets to assess their habitat preference on hillsides protected from versus exposed to high winds between elevations of 3550 and 4150 m a.s.l. Pellets of S. andinus were primarily found at elevations lower than 4000 m and where exposure to wind was reduced. At any given elevation cottontails appear to prefer wind-protected sites over those with greater exposure to high winds. Our results provide useful information for the conservation management of S. andinus and the Andean highland fauna in general.''The northern Andes is extremely rich in plant species, but this diversity is threatened by extensive deforestation. This study reports on how five palm species respond to human disturbance in an area of montane forest in Ecuador. The abundance of each species was determined in 250 40 30m plots, established in disturbed and undisturbed forest within an area of 3 3km and altitudes spanning Aiphanes erinacea (H. Karst.) H. Wendl. and to a lesser degree Geonoma undata Klotzsch were negatively affected by even moderate human disturbance, while Chamaedorea linearis (Ruiz & Pav.) Mart. and C. pinnatifrons (Jacq.) Oerst. benefitted from such disturbance and Prestoea acuminata (Willd.) H.E. Moore was unaffected given time enough to replenish its population after disturbance. At the scale of the plots, species richness was maximized in undisturbed forest. Aiphanes erinacea is endemic to northern Ecuador and southern Colombia and must be considered threatened by the extensive deforestation here. If the behaviour of these palms is representative of Andean rain forest plans in general, the negative effect of moderate anthropogenic disturbance on plant biodiversity at scales of might be negligible. Thus, biologically sustainable logging could be possible.''The forests of the Region are among the most diverse in the world, however they are under imminent threat of significant degradation. This study uses species diversity and phylogenetic data in the plant genus Piper to select areas of maximum biological diversity to be considered as conservation priorities. Species distributions were obtained from herbarium collections and the literature. A molecular phylogeny based on nucleotide sequence data from the ITS region of the nuclear genome was used to estimate phylogenetic diversity indices. Three diversity indices were estimated: total species richness, number of endemic species, and phylogenetic diversity. Area selection was conducted by maximizing the total value for these indices and also by complementarity. Four regions were selected as the highest conservation priorities: the vicinity of Buenaventura, the Rio San Juan watershed (south of the department of and the Rio Atrato watershed. All of them had the highest rankings for all or some of the diversity indices evaluated. Furthermore, this study shows that in the Region, Piper phylogenetic diversity increases with total number of species, but decreases with the proportion of endemics.''Climate change and habitat loss are key threats to biodiversity, by acting as controlling factors of distributions. In this study, we combined ecological niche modeling with an innovative range-diversity analysis, which simultaneously addresses geographical ranges and species richness, to describe current biodiversity distribution patterns of Leptodactylus frogs, and to evaluate their expected changes under climate change scenarios. The genus Leptodactylus is distributed across 13.4 from Mexico to central Argentina, with overall good-quality presence records and a robust phylogeny. The highest species richness occurred in the Amazonian Forests of Bolivia and Peru, while the lowest species richness was observed in the latitudinal limits of the genus distribution. The range sizes of individual species exhibited a unimodal frequency pattern, with many small ranges and few large ranges. The dispersion field allowed us to identify the Caatinga as a i.e., a site with few species of restricted range size, and the moist forest from Bolivia as a site with many species of medium-size ranges. Under climate change, we expect to observe a general decrease and a geographic displacement of the specific range sizes, but no species extinctions. These patterns imply a decrease in local species richness, which contrasts with a regional increase of biotic heterogeneity.''Habitat loss remains the major threat to birds in the Neotropics, although there are several additional specific threats, for example trade, nest parasitism, invasives on islands, and for seabirds, bycatch. Capacity building also remains a key issue for conservation in the area. Nevertheless, the region has benefited by a surge in research, with an increase in Neotropical avian studies over the last decade, many of them incorporating modern techniques for analyzing a variety of data, for example vocalization and molecular data. These studies have improved our general understanding of the taxonomic status of several forms, and their ecology and conservation needs, and the bird-watching community has become an important force that can be mobilized to gather information and to support conservation efforts. But birds themselves are playing now a key role in the development of conservation strategies in the region. The important bird areas (IBAs) promoted by BirdLife are now a key component in our strategy for defining key biodiversity areas (KBAs), by means of which Conservation International is attempting to broaden the taxonomic spectrum of the IBA concept. Migratory birds and those with large home range are becoming important elements in our strategy as we try to move from IBAs and KBAs to large-scale biodiversity corridors.''The abiotic, historical, and autecological factors determining the range sizes of tropical plant species and the distribution of endemism are still poorly understood. In this study, the variation of range-size rarity was analyzed among the bromeliad communities of 74 forest sites in the Bolivian Andes and adjacent lowlands with respect to 14 environmental factors reflecting mostly climatic conditions and to species attributes such as life-form, ecophysiological type, pollination mode, and fruit type. The global ranges of all 192 recorded bromeliad species were mapped on a grid, quantified as the number of grids occupied by a species, and range-size rarity indices were calculated as the mean inverse range size of all species at a given study site.At the community level, range-size rarity increased with elevation, most notably among epiphytic taxa. Range-size rarity of terrestrial forest species increased with decreasing habitat area, presumably reflecting the agglomeration of endemic species in isolated dry forest valleys with restricted area. Epiphytes showed higher range-size rarity in the most humid areas, which are also geographically isolated. At the species level, range size revealed a limited relationship to pollination mode or ecophysiological type but differed significantly between epiphytic species (large ranges) and terrestrial and saxicolous taxa (small ranges). However, this pattern was outweighed by differences among fruit types, with berries corresponding to large ranges, winddispersed seeds with flight appendages to intermediate ranges, and wind-dispersed seeds without appendages to small ranges. It is hypothesized that the tendency toward larger ranges among epiphytes (of any plant group) is due at least partly to the prevalence of taxa with adaptations to long-distance dispersal, ensuring efficient colonization of canopy habitats while preventing the differentiation of populations.''In Chile, mediterranean climate conditions only occur in the Central Zone (ChMZ). Despite its small area, this mediterranean climate region (med-region) has been recognised as a hotspot for biodiversity. However, in contrast to the rivers of other med-regions, the rivers in the ChMZ have been studied infrequently, and knowledge of their freshwater biodiversity is scarce and fragmented. We gathered information on the freshwater biodiversity of ChMZ, and present a review of the current knowledge of the principal floral and faunal groups. Existing knowledge indicates that the ChMZ has high levels of endemism, with many primitive species being of Gondwanan origin. Although detailed information is available on most floral groups, most faunal groups remain poorly known. In addition, numerous rivers in the ChMZ remain completely unexplored. Taxonomic specialists are scarce, and the information available on freshwater biodiversity has resulted from studies with objectives that did not directly address biodiversity issues. Research funding in this med-region has a strong applied character and is not focused on the knowledge of natural systems and their biodiversity. Species conservation policies are urgently required in this highly diverse med-region, which is also the most severely impacted and most populated region of the country.''We used the results of phylogenetic analyses of relationships among spider monkeys (Ateles) based on mitochondrial and nuclear DNA to investigate questions of their evolutionary origins and speciation mechanisms. We employed the concept of a local molecular clock to date nodes of interest (corresponding to hypothesized species and subspecies) in the various phylograms for comparison to hypothesized biogeographical events that might have affected speciation. We considered various refuge formation, riverine barriers, geological fluctuations, and ecological changes associated with these their contribution to speciation in Ateles. Most speciation among the various species of Ateles occurred during the middle to late Pliocene, suggesting that Pleistocene refuge formation was not a key speciation mechanism. However, it is likely that the genetic structure of populations of Ateles was modified to some extent by refuge formation. Additionally, riverine barriers do not seem to interrupt gene flow significantly among Ateles. No river formed a barrier among species of Ateles, with the exception of the lower Amazon and possibly some of the black-water rivers draining the Guianan highlands. Large-scale geographic changes associated with the continued rise of the eastern and western cordilleras of the northern Andes and associated changes in habitat were the most important causes of speciation in Ateles. The various factors that modify genetic structure in Ateles are important to consider in order to protect endangered primate genera in the Neotropics.'"Forestry practices and high rates of land clearance for agriculture are causing genetic erosion of valuable tree species in the Peruvian Amazon, thereby endangering the economic sustainability of rural communities and limiting Peru's opportunities for the development of new timber and non-timber forest products. The potential utility and limitations of six low-input interventions to help forestall further genetic erosion in the region are discussed, with a focus on local community involvement. Improved agroforestry systems may help reduce deforestation by increasing farm productivity, although methods to increase the currently low adoption rate of these technologies need to be developed. Use of strategic tree domestication techniques can also improve farm productivity and prevent inadvertent genetic drift and inbreeding associated with traditional domestication practices, although to have a major impact, current programs need to be extended across the region. Woodlot forestry could supplant selective extraction of timber and offers an attractive opportunity for poverty alleviation if appropriate credit and land tenure policies can be developed. However, it may also result in increased deforestation if activities on public land cannot be controlled. The implementation of improved seed collection systems and simple seed transfer guidelines would help to reduce the collection of seed of poor quality and low genetic diversity, and avoid maladapted plantings, although such programs are difficult to monitor and seed costs may increase. Strategic identification and design of in situ conservation areas would help to ensure the viability of conserved populations, but requires the forfeiture of significant revenue from timber concessions."'Ecologists have long recognised that populations can persist in poor-quality habitats with below-replacement population growth rates provided there is continual immigration from areas with positive intrinsic growth Source-sink dynamics complicate the assessment of species-environment relationships, because presence or density can be poorly correlated with underlying population productivity. Yet, applied conservation research often uses presence or abundance data to assess species responses to environmental change, particularly in the tropics where few long-term ecological studies are established. This approach assumes that abundance data reliably indicate habitat quality, but in sinks, this assumption can be violated. We review the recent literature and identify a regional bias in reporting of source-sink phenomena, with 71% of the 210 studies considered coming from temperate regions, particularly Eurasia and North America. Very few studies come from tropical and subtropical biomes, where human-driven biodiversity loss is occurring most rapidly, with over 80% not providing strong evidence in the form of demographic, dispersal or molecular data. Source-sink studies in tropical regions have predominantly investigated populations exposed to hunting/exploitation, with few examining land-use change. We review policy-relevant arenas where better treatment of source-sink dynamics is a priority: spatial conservation planning, assessments of land-sparing versus land-sharing, the conservation value of selectively logged forests, and species distribution modelling. Finally, we discuss ways to improve understanding of source-sink dynamics, particularly in tropical regions. Failure to detect source-sink patterns across the hyperdiverse tropics could limit the efficacy of conservation practice, leading us to underestimate the severity of human impacts on biodiversity.''A question rarely raised in discussions on biodiversity conservation, but surely the biggest question of all, is much time do we have left before the mass extinction underway surpasses our best efforts to contain This prompts a further prime question unlike all other problems, whether environmental or biotic crisis threatens to leave a severely impoverished planet for millions of years ahead; do we not undertake the necessary actions to get on top of the problem before it gets on top ofAbstract not available'We present an analysis of local species richness in neotropical forests, based on a number of 0.1 ha samples of woody plants collected by the late Alwyn Gentry. For each of 69 forests, soils were analysed and climatic data were collated. Using transformed independent variables and interaction terms, multiple regression equations were developed that explained the greatest possible amount of variation in species richness, and the best equations were selected on the basis of regression diagnostics. The best models are presented for (a) all neotropical forests, (b) forests west of the Andes (transandean) and (c) east of the Andes (cisandean), and for various subsets based on elevation and annual rainfall. For the whole dataset, and for most subsets, annual rainfall and rainfall seasonality were the most important variables for explaining species richness. Soil variables were correlated with precipitation drier forests have more nutrient-rich soils. After the inclusion of rainfall variables, available soil nutrient concentrations contributed little to explaining or accounting for additional variation in species numbers, indicating that tropical forest species richness is surprisingly independent of soil quality. The results are consistent with the hypothesis that plants in mature tropical forests may obtain nutrients through the process of direct cycling, in which mineral nutrients are extracted from litterfall before they enter the soil. The strong relationship between community species richness and rainfall patterns has implications for biodiversity conservation. Wet forests with an ample year-round moisture supply harbour the greatest number of woody plant species and should be a focus of conservation efforts.'"Future conservation efforts will need to transcend geopolitical boundaries in efforts to protect entire landscapes and ecosystems. Neotropical migratory birds are as a group a useful conservation tool for linking diverse landscapes and people due to their dependence on multiple habitats, sensitivity to habitat changes, and universal public appeal. The conservation of neotropical migrants can therefore function as a powerful hemispheric umbrella for ecosystem protection. Efforts to protect neotropical migratory birds on their nonbreeding grounds have traditionally been focused on Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean. To assess the importance of South America to neotropical migrants, an ecoregional classification system was used to determine species distributions in the Andean/Southern Cone Region (Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru, and Venezuela). The occurrence of migrants in protected areas that are part of The Nature Conservancy's Parks in Peril program was also assessed. Of the 406 neotropical migrant species, nearly one third (132) occur as regular nonbreeding residents in the region and for almost half of these species (53), South America is their main nonbreeding ground. All Parks in Peril sites were found to harbor neotropical migrants. Forty-eight species (36%) have declining longterm North American Breeding Bird Survey population trends and/or high Partners in Flight concern scores and thus are of significant conservation concern. Most importantly, 29 species (22%) of conservation concern use South America as their primary nonbreeding ground, indicating a need for focused conservation action. The nature of the ecoregional approach used in this endeavor makes future prioritization of ecoregions and conservation strategies for neotropical migrants across national boundaries possible. The ability to link diverse landscapes using a common element such as migratory birds allows for unique transboundary partnerships and opportunities for habitat conservation, which support the goal of the Conservancy's new Migratory Bird Initiative."'The last five years in particular have seen increasing attention paid to biodiversity. This culminated at the Earth Summit last June with the completion of Agenda 21 and a major international Convention on Biological Diversity, a document signed by some 165 nations. Concurrent with the Convention negotiations was the development of a global fund for biodiversity conservation and other environmental priorities, the Global Environment Facility (GEF). The GEF is the largest fund to data put forward by the international community to address biodiversity loss, but, so far, it has failed to set adequate priorities for biodiversity conservation. It has also yet to recognize the full range of biodiversity values and uses and, in general, GEF projects have not taken advantage of existing non-governmental capacity for biodiversity conservation. 1993 is a critical year for the GEF, one in which the GEF can become a critical element of global efforts to conserve biodiversity or remain an important initialive that realized only a fraction of its potential.''We investigated how temperature and nutrient availability regulate fine-root productivity in nine tropical rainforest ecosystems on two altitudinal gradients with contrasting soil phosphorus (P) availabilities on Mount Kinabalu, Borneo. We measured the productivity and the nutrient contents of fine roots, and analyzed the relationships between fine-root parameters and environmental factors. The fine-root net primary productivity (NPP), total NPP, and ratio of fine-root NPP to total NPP differed greatly among the sites, ranging from 72 to 228 and respectively. A multiple-regression analysis suggested a positive effect of P availability on total NPP, whereas fine-root NPP was positively correlated with mean annual temperature and with P and negatively correlated with N. The biomass and longevity of fine roots increased in response to the impoverishment of soil P. The carbon (C) to P ratio (C/P) of fine roots was significantly and positively correlated with the P-use efficiency of above-ground litter production, indicating that tropical rainforest trees dilute P in fine roots to maintain the C allocation ratio to these roots. We highlighted the mechanisms regulating the fine-root productivity of tropical rainforest ecosystems in relation to the magnitude of nutrient deficiency. The trees showed C-conservation mechanisms rather than C investment as responses to decreasing soil P availability, which demonstrates that the below-ground systems at these sites are strongly limited by P, similar to the above-ground systems.''In the oceans of the tropical and warm-temperate zone S), only a small number of islands are high enough to show timberline and alpine vegetation. Excluding large islands with a more continental climate, only the following oceanic islands are relevant: Pico (Azores), Madeira, Tenerife, Gran Canaria and La Palma (Canary islands), Fogo (Cape Verde islands), Fernando Poo (Bioko) and Tristan da Cunha in the Atlantic Ocean, and Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Indian Ocean, Yakushima (Japan), Maui and Hawaii (Hawaiian islands), and Mas Afuera (Juan Fernandez islands) in the Pacific Ocean. Timberline and alpine vegetation exist here under a unique combination of a highly oceanic climate and a marked geographic isolation which contrasts with the tropical alpine vegetation in the extended mountains of South America, Africa and Southeast Asia.This review seeks to identify common physiognomic patterns in the high elevation vegetation that exist despite the fact that the islands belong to different floristic regions of the world. Based on the existing literature as well as personal observation, an overview of the elevation, physiognomy and floristics of the forest (and tree) line and the alpine vegetation on 15 island peaks is given.The forest line ecosystems are dominated either by conifers (Canary islands, Yakushima), heath woodland (Azores, Madeira, Grande Comore, Fernando Poo) or broad-leaved trees (Hawaiian islands, Juan Fernandez islands, Tristan da Cunha). In the subalpine and alpine belts, dry sclerophyllous scrub occurs on island mountains that are exposed to the trade winds (Canary islands, Cape Verde islands, Hawaiian islands, Grande Comore). These peaks are more or less arid above the forest line because a temperature inversion restricts the rise of humid air masses further upslope. In the summit regions of the remaining islands, which are located either in the wet equatorial and monsoonal regions or in the temperate westerly zones without an effective inversion layer, mesic to wet vegetation types (such as grassland, alpine heathland and fern scrub) are found.Compared to mountains at a similar latitude in continental areas, the forest line on the islands is found at 1000 to 2000 m lower elevations. The paper discusses four factors that are thought to contribute to this forest line depression: (1) drought on trade-wind exposed island peaks with stable temperature inversions, (2) the absense of well-adapted high-altitude tree species on isolated islands, (3) immaturity of volcanic soils, and (4) an only small mountain mass effect that influences the vertical temperature gradient.''Within the framework of IWRM, a major concern in the humid tropics is the effects of on the storm rainfall-runoff hydrology of both forests and converted forest lands. Further how such effects need to be incorporated within adaptive, forest-water-land management. But since the mid- 20th century, dramatic changes in land- use (LU) and land cover (LC) have also occurred which have led to rapid rates of deforestation and an expansion of degradation. How much these man-induced impacts have been influential on climate relations, as against the effects of inherent climate variability and predicted climate change scenarios, still remains a major challenge to quantify. Thus embedded within the global warming issue are these additional LU/LC change impacts on climate-rainfall-storm runoff across scales which also require consideration under the broader mandate of The work will initially succinctly summarize the existing uncertainties linked with both Global Climate Models (GCMs). Subsequently more detailed attention will be given to uncertainties linked with LC/LU change. The experiences of hurricane Mitch in Central America will then set the scene for an alternative strategy. A principle message is a call for more concentrated research effort on geographically the outer margins of the (centred on the Indonesian Archipelago) in the Western Pacific where tropical cyclone frequency is very high. This region presents a diversity of socio-economies and an opportunity to produce adapted forest-land management measures in preparation for future global change (warming and anthropogenic). Such measures can then be extrapolated to currently less frequently, affected areas from extreme events like hurricane Mitch. Examples from research in the tropical- cyclone prone, of northeast Australia linked with the management of tropical rainforests and the adjoining sugar cane lands are then used to demonstrate these opportunities.'concerning the availability of resources in tropical rain forests have given rise to the current debate centering on whether human subsistence based solely on foraging is possible in these biomes without agricultural subsidies. This paper takes the position that changing perspectives on ecological pattern and process in tropical forests and the significant variation among tropical forests on a worldwide as well as regional scale must be taken into consideration. Human disturbance is also proposed as a cause of dependence on agriculture by modern human foragers rather than as a necessary precondition for successful exploitation of the tropical forest. These issues are discussed against the background of a case study of the who, until very recently, were true foragers in the Bolivian Amazon. For the the sustainability of their subsistence system depended on a finegrained knowledge of their environment and the freedom of movement over a large territory to access resources within it.''Based on current agroecological theory and IPM practices, this review explores the role of traditional practices, involving site selection, soil management, timing of planting and harvesting, crop resistance, intercropping, weed management, harvest residue management, post-harvest management, natural enemies management, mechanical control, repellents and traps in the natural regulation of potential pests. In synthesis, the literature suggests that although pest management professionals focus their efforts on pest control, the preventative approach taken by traditional farmers is more effective. Potential constraints to the implementation of this preventive pest management approach include:(1) lack of integration of ecological theory and pest management, (2) lack of cooperation among social and biological scientists, and (3) lack of real efforts to work with farmers as equals and support mechanisms that protect their knowledge.''The scattered and dwindling Polylepis woodlands of the high Andean global hotspot have been identified as being of particular importance to biodiversity conservation, and yet little is known of the make-up of their faunal communities, how these vary across landscapes, and how well species might tolerate matrix/edge habitats. We examined the bird communities and vegetation characteristics of Polylepis woodlands and the surrounding matrix habitats at three sites in the Cordillera Vilcanota, southern The vegetation structure of woodlands varied significantly across the three sites but all were dominated by two Polylepis tree species, with mossy ground cover. Matrix habitats were treeless and dominated by ground-level puna grass-steppe or boulder scree vegetation. Bird species richness and diversity, encounter rates and the number of globally-threatened and restricted-range bird species were consistently higher in the Polylepis forests, than in matrix habitat. We used canonical correspondence analysis (CCA) to identify habitat gradients across the landscape, and to classify bird species according to their association with Polylepis, the matrix or Polylepis-matrix interface. There were few matrix-restricted bird species, but around half the bird community, including fourteen threatened or restricted-range species, were Polylepis-dependant. Many of these species had very narrow niches. The Polylepis-matrix interface was dominated by species traditionally considered invasive ecological generalists. Our study illustrates the overriding importance of Polylepis interior habitats, indicating that conservation strategies for high Andean birds must focus on patch size maintenance/enlargement, enhancement of within-patch habitat quality, and efforts to safeguard connectivity of suitable habitat across what is essentially an inhospitable puna/scree matrix.''The geographical concepts of spatial scale and the human-geographic region offer significant contributions to the conservation of crop genetic resources. They are used in the present study to examine the partitioning of genetic diversity along two axes: geographical location and landrace population.Locations in the study consist of three micro-regions within the highland Paucartambo region of southern Peru. Six widely distributed landraces of the potato species Solatium stenotomum Juz. et Buk. and S. tuberosum subsp. andigena (Juz. et Buk.) Hawkes are evaluated. Electrophoretic analysis of isozyme loci demonstrates that the majority of allelic variation is contained within the geographical and landrace populations. Geographically, greater than 99% of total variation is found within single micro-regions. Taxonomically, approximately 75% of variation occurs within individual landraces. The weak geographical partitioning of allelic variation is due in part to formerly high rates of seed-tuber exchange. The weak-moderate taxonomic partitioning of variation is attributed to common parentage and shared introgression. Unique genotypes are microgeographically concentrated.Findings recommend that conservation strategies focus on intensive sampling or preservation in micro-regional areas due to the concentration of unique genotypes. Evaluation of the spatial patterning of diversity and recognition of the taxonomic specificity of results (not necessarily applicable even to related potato landraces) rely on biogeographical and human-geographic concepts.''In a moist tropical forest in Panama, the wood-decay polyporefungi comprise many rare species (more than half found only once) andexhibit diversity that exceeds that of the supporting tree community.The most abundant fungal species were non-specialists, each found onseveral host species from multiple plant families. In diverse fungalcommunities, each of many species should infect a given host species ina density-dependent manner, so that the infected proportion of a hostpopulation should increase with host density. Applied across hostspecies, hosts with denser populations should support greater fungaldiversity. For 10 tree species, fungal incidence and diversity increasedwith abundance of the host in the community, consistent withacross-species density-dependent infection. Fungal diversity associatedwith individual trunks did not, however, vary with host-species density.Both host density and persistence of decaying logs may be important indetermining fungal diversity associated with tree species.'Abstract not available'Cloud forests are unusual and fragile habitats, being one of the least studied and least understood ecosystems. The tropical Andean dominion is considered one of the most significant places in the world as regards biological diversity, with a very high level of endemism. The biodiversity was analysed in an isolated remnant area of a tropical montane cloud forest known as the de Neblina de in the North of the Peruvian Andean range. Composition, structure and dead wood were measured or estimated. The values obtained were compared with other cloud forests. The study revealed a high level of forest biodiversity, although the level of biodiversity differs from one area to another: in the inner areas, where human pressure is almost inexistent, the biodiversity values increase. The high species richness and the low dominance among species bear testimony to this montane cloud forest as a real enclave of biodiversity.''Significant advances in our understanding of ancient agricultural practices in the Americas have been made in recent years. This review of the literature focuses on studies published between 1987 and early 1994. Issues pertaining to the transition from foraging to farming include the habitability of the American tropics prior to the development of agriculture, theories on plant domestication and the origins of agriculture, regional syntheses of agricultural development, and the origin, evolution, and dissemination of domesticates in the Americas. Other topics reviewed include new techniques that have recently been applied to the study of prehistoric agriculture in the Americas, various approaches to the study of agricultural change, and ways in which research on ancient agricultural practices is being applied in modern experimental agriculture and rural development projects.''Malesherbiaceae are xerophytic plants of Chile, Peru, and Argentina. The 24 species of the only genus,Malesherbia, live in a variety of arid habitats in the Pacific coastal desert and adjacent Andes of Peru, Chile, and neighboring Argentina. Taxa with distributions in both Peru and Chile are rare; for this reason the family provides an excellent case study for the biogeography of this region of western South America.Phylogenetic analysis of ITS sequence data using Turneraceae as an outgroup shows a correlation between the phylogeny and the distribution of Malesherbiaceae. The origin of the family is placed in the late Miocene to early Pliocene, when the region became permanently arid. The five major clades of the family likely diverged during the Pliocene. A single clade consisting of species native to Peru and the Atacama Desert indicates that the family was introduced to Peru once. Most modern species appear to have evolved in response to Pleistocene climatic fluctuations.''Altitudinal gradients involve macroclimatic changes that can affect the diversity of several organisms. We tested the effects of elevation and small-scale variables on the diversity and composition of terricolous communities (lichens and bryophytes) in five in southern Ecuador. The altitudinal range considered (from 2700 to 4000 m a.s.l.) is associated with changes in rainfall, temperature and irradiance. At each forty 40 x 40 cm2 sample plots were randomly selected in similar areas of vegetation (grass and conservation status. The presence/absence and cover of lichens and bryophytes were recorded in 200 sample plots. A total of 90 species (46 lichens and 44 bryophytes) were identified. Our results showed that total species richness, lichen and bryophyte richness, inverse and index were related to elevation and slope. Nevertheless, the response to elevation was dependent on the organism considered. Thus, meanwhile lichens had their maximum richness at the highest elevation (3930 m a.s.l.), bryophytes had a maximum peak at middle elevation (3300 m a.s.l.). Species composition also differed significantly among the five especially in bryophytes. We conclude that differences in the elevation of these and small-scale variables such as slope significantly affect the diversity and composition of terricolous communities.''The threatened forest habitats of the tropical Andes are reportedly being modified and destroyed 30% faster than their lowland tropical counterparts, but impacts on the hyper-diverse resident avifauna have received little systematic study. We present a baseline analysis of the effects of habitat modification on birds in a lower montane forest landscape in Ecuador, comparing avian community composition in landscape elements subjected to different levels of human modification: primary forest, secondary forest, edge habitat and agricultural land. We use data from a point count survey of 300 counts at 150 sites to test whether community composition and density of birds with different reported habitat preferences and foraging strategies change among landscape elements. Species richness and diversity were lowest in agricultural land, but on some measures, equally low in primary forest. Richness and diversity peaked in secondary forest and edge habitat, but ordination and density analysis revealed clear differences in their species composition. While secondary forest contained mostly forest-preferring species, edge habitat harboured a mix of forest and open-land birds. There was a clearly structured gradient in species composition across landscape elements, with densities of habitat specialists, foraging guilds and families varying considerably from primary forest to agricultural land. Agricultural land was characterised by an assemblage of widespread, abundant species very different from that in core forest habitats. As such, while the majority of montane forest birds appear resilient to a certain level of habitat modification, they cannot persist, and are displaced, where forest has been cleared outright. We argue that, for Andean montane forests, preservation of mature secondary forest offers flexibility in supplementing preserved primary forest areas to provide sufficient habitat for the persistence of this incredibly diverse but severely threatened bird community.''Conservation actions that effectively and efficiently target single, highly threatened species require current data on the geographic distribution and environmental associations. The Ecuadorian capuchin (Cebus albifrons aequatorialis) is a critically endangered primate found only in the fragmented forests of western Ecuador and northern Peru, which are among the most severely threatened ecosystems. We use the MAXENT species distribution modeling method to model the potential distribution and environmental associations of Cebus albifrons aequatorialis, using all known presence localities recorded within the last 2 decades as well as 13 climate, topography, vegetation, and land-use data sets covering the entire geographic range of the subspecies. The environmental conditions that our model predicted to be ideal for supporting Cebus albifrons aequatorialis included tree cover, mild temperature seasonality, annual precipitation <2000 mm, and low human population density. Our model identified 5028 km2 of suitable habitat remaining, although many of these forest fragments are unprotected and are unlikely to support extant populations. Using the median population density across all sites for which data are available, we estimate the total carrying capacity of the remaining habitat to be 12,500 total individuals. The true number of remaining individuals is likely to be considerably lower due to anthropogenic factors. We highlight four critical regions of high predicted suitability in western Ecuador and northern Peru on which immediate conservation actions should focus, and we lay out clear priorities to guide conservation actions for ensuring the long-term survival of this gravely threatened and little known primate.''The cloud forest of the Andean Region contains a high biodiversity. Unfortunately, human land use has caused most of the forest to become fragmented, negatively impacting many species due to the reduction of and constant change within the local habitat. In Colombia, these fragmentation triggers can include agriculture, livestock, and corridors for tourism. Conservation strategies focusing on keystone species could have more impact and better results to recover ecosystem dynamics. The wax palm Ceroxylon quindiuense (C. quindiuense) is an endemic and keystone species in cloud forests with a distribution across the three cordilleras of Colombia. Despite its ecological, economic and social importance, most forests of C. quindiuense are endangered; the most severely affected residing in small isolated populations in Central Cordillera. Nevertheless, these populations seem to retain a high genetic diversity. Because of this, the goal of conservation strategies should focus on retaining genetic diversity instead of increasing it. Because it can take as long as for C. quindiuense to reach maturity, our approach entails the introduction of juveniles (around with genetic profiles similar to wild populations in order to augment population size, connect isolated populations, and avoid outbreeding. We evaluated the genetic makeup of three neighboring ex situ collections of living palms and compared them with the genetic profile of three wild populations of Central Cordillera. Multivariate analysis was used to assess patterns of genetic similarity and assign individuals to infer genetic clusters between collections and wild populations. Expected heterozygosity (He) of ex situ collections was lower (0.56) than wild populations (0.63), and the percentage of private alleles was higher in the wild populations (25%) than ex situ collections (10%). Collections Milan and Botanic Garden show genetic similarity with the Cocora and La Linea populations while the Toche and Roso collections were the most genetically distinct among the ones studied. Our results are that conservation programs should consider each population as a different evolutionary unit and protect them as such.''The Valdivian Rainforest Ecoregion in southern South America is among the ecosystems with highest conservation priority worldwide due to its rich diversity, degree of endemism, and critical conservation status. Temperate rainforests in this vast area are essential as source of biological resources and to maintain different ecosystem services which remain largely unmeasured and unvalued. Consequently, the benefits they provide are not reflected in decision-making regarding forest management and conservation. Based on existing studies and results from ongoing research we describe selected ecosystem services and provide estimates of their economic value. Timber benefits for secondary forests expressed as net present stumpage values were US$ and US$ for sustainable forest management (SFM) and unsustainable harvesting, respectively. Timber benefits for old growth US$ and US$ for SFM and unsustainable harvesting, respectively, using an 8% discount rate. Annual benefits from recreation were US$ and US$ for the two most important national parks located in the study area. The annual value of maintaining soil fertility was US$ using the replacement cost of nutrient losses due to soil erosion. The annual economic value of water supply for human consumption using the production function method was US$ These results provide valuable information on the kind and magnitude of values that could be relevant in decision-making concerning conservation and management of native forests in the Valdivian Rainforest Ecoregion.''Chile is home to 23 species of Bromeliaceae, including 2 subspecies and 4 varieties. Twenty species are endemic to the country. We examined 883 herbarium specimens from 27 herbaria for our treatment of the Bromeliaceae for the de These data and field observations resulted in a comprehensive database that we used to generate distribution maps for each species. We applied ecological niche modelling to reveal distribution areas and centers of Bromeliaceae diversity. We further analysed the collecting dates of the herbarium specimens to assess possible changes in species abundance. In this study we assess the conservation status of the bromeliad species in Chile. IUCN categories were assigned to the 27 bromeliad taxa as follows: Critically endangered: 4, Endangered: 6, Vulnerable: 11, Near threatened: 2, Least concern: 4. No species has become up to now. We also put forth a hypothesis about their biogeographic history.''The fate of agricultural biodiversity varies among the native crops produced in a mountainous region. Four native crops (potatoes, maize, ulluco, quinoa) cultivated in the southern Peruvian sierra demonstrate different patterns of cultivar loss and cultivar maintenance. Contingent social, economic and environmental conditions in mountain agriculture shape the distinct fates befalling the cultivars in each crop. Three sets of specific conditions contribute to differences in the patterning of cultivar loss and maintenance: (1) proximate conditions in the local peasant economy, particularly access among agricultural households to land, labor, and capital, and changes in the availability and quality of the three endowments; (2) the social and cultural value of the crop in the local diet and cuisine; and (3) the biogeographic patterning of cultivars. Maintenance of cultivars currently marks the ulluco and quinoa crop as well as many potato and maize types. Cultivar loss besets the fast-maturing potato S. phureja and the slow-maturing maize types. To incorporate variable in situ crop-conservation programs into development planning for montane regions requires thoroughly assessing the contingent conditions for continued production.''Despite the importance of neotropical cloud forests as providers of ecosystem services to society, they are one of the most threatened ecosystems in the world. We analysed the importance of three cloud forest reserves in central Colombia as providers of ecosystem services, as well as the social support to conservation actions in these ecosystems through willingness to pay (WTP) and willingness to give up time (WTT) estimates. Our results highlight the high commitment of all users of the cloud forest areas towards the conservation of the ecosystem services provided by these strategic ecosystems. We found that the most important perceived ecosystem services were water supply and habitat maintenance for species. Our findings also suggest that the ecological knowledge (measured as the awareness of the ecosystem services supplied by cloud forests) was an important factor in determining both WTP and WTT for conserving cloud forests. Moreover, our results indicate that WTT should be a viable technique to explore individual preferences of different stakeholders towards conservation activities in cloud forests. Based on our results, we propose a conservation strategy of cloud forests that considers different socio-economic and environmental characteristics, in which both experimental and experiential knowledge should be incorporated in order to promote collective action.'"Abiotic and vegetation data were collected along two altitudinal transects through mature montane Quercus forests on the Pacific and Atlantic slopes of Costa Rica's Massif. Between 2000 and 3200 m asl twenty-four 0.05 ha forest plots were selected at altitudinal intervals of 100 m, and eight soil profiles were described at intervals of 200 m. A TWINSPAN classification aided in the determination of eight zonal forest communities on the basis of their floristic composition. They are grouped in two sets of four: (i) the palm-rich lauraceous-fagaceous Lower Montane Mollinedia-Quercus Forests m asl) and (ii) the bamboo-rich myrsinaceous-fagaceous Upper Montane Schefflera-Quercus Forests m asl), respectively. Vegetation changes seem correlated with two major climatic gradients: (i) a temperature gradient (altitude), and (ii) a moisture gradient (wet Atlantic vs. moist Pacific slope). Most soils are Andepts, and residual, colluvial or derived from volcanic material. Humus layers are thicker on the wetter Atlantic slope. A total of 431 vascular plant species consisted of 86 pteridophytes, 1 gymnosperm, 296 dicots and 48 monocots. Species richness, canopy height and stem diameter decrease with increasing altitude, while the canopy surface becomes more flattend. A comparison with other studies shows that montane Quercus forests fit within the environmental ranges known from altitudinal zonations elsewhere in the Tropics."'BackgroundUnderstanding the patterns of biodiversity distribution and what influences them is a fundamental pre-requisite for effective conservation and sustainable utilisation of biodiversity. Such knowledge is increasingly urgent as biodiversity responds to the ongoing effects of global climate change. Nowhere is this more acute than in species-rich tropical Africa, where so little is known about plant diversity and its distribution. In this paper, we use RAINBIO one of the largest mega-databases of tropical African vascular plant species distributions ever compiled to address questions about plant and growth form diversity across tropical Africa.ResultsThe filtered RAINBIO dataset contains 609,776 georeferenced records representing 22,577 species. Growth form data are recorded for 97% of all species. Records are well distributed, but heterogeneous across the continent. Overall, tropical Africa remains poorly sampled. When using sampling units (SU) of just 21 reach appropriate collection density and sampling completeness, and the average number of records per species per SU is only 1.84. Species richness (observed and estimated) and endemism figures per country are provided. Benin, Cameroon, Gabon, Ivory Coast and Liberia appear as the botanically best-explored countries, but none are optimally explored. Forests in the region contain 15,387 vascular plant species, of which 3013 are trees, representing of the estimated tropical tree flora. The central African forests have the highest endemism rate across Africa, with approximately 30% of species being endemic.ConclusionsThe botanical exploration of tropical Africa is far from complete, underlining the need for intensified inventories and digitization. We propose priority target areas for future sampling efforts, mainly focused on Tanzania, Atlantic Central Africa and West Africa. The observed number of tree species for African forests is smaller than those estimated from global tree data, suggesting that a significant number of species are yet to be discovered. Our data provide a solid basis for a more sustainable management and improved conservation of tropical unique flora, and is important for achieving Objective 1 of the Global Strategy for Plant Conservation'Cuban homegardens are called On the basis of new case studies additional information is provided about these their history, composition and importance. They and other gardens of similar type are characterized as suitable environment for in situ conservation and for the continuation of evolutionary processes.''Pollination modes ecology of a total of 164 plant species was evaluated according to habitats and plant life forms in the Venezuelan Central Plain. Frequency distribution of nine pollination modes showed that, at the community level bee pollination (38.6%) was dominant. Butterfly (13.9%), fly (12.7%), and wasp (10.8%) pollination were the second most frequent. Moth (6.2%) and wind (10.4%) pollination occurred with similar frequency, and the least common were bird (3.1%), beetle (2.3%) and bat (1.9%) pollination. There was a significant interaction effect indicating that pollination mode was affected by the type of habitat. Bee pollination was the most common pollination mode in all habitats with butterfly, fly and wasp pollination being secondary for forest and forest-savanna transition; and butterfly, wasp, wind and fly pollination being secondary for savanna. Wind, butterfly and fly pollination were found in disturbed areas as secondary pollination modes. Pollination modes were significantly associated and affected by life forms. Bee pollination was dominant in all life forms with wasp, butterfly and fly pollination being the secondary for trees, shrubs, and lianas; and butterfly and wind pollination being the secondary for herbaceous species. The number of pollination modes (richness) among life forms ranged between four and nine for epiphytes and perennial herbs respectively. The highest values of diversity indexes among life forms were found in trees and shrubs. The richness and diversity indices of pollination modes were statistically higher for more structured habitats, forest and forest-savanna transition, than herbaceous habitats, savanna and disturbed areas, which is associated with the highest values of diversity indexes in trees and shrubs. Equitability was higher for forest and disturbed areas than forest-savanna transition and savanna. The results of comparative richness, equitability, diversity indices, and the frequency distribution of pollination modes of 19 samples from tropical and temperate communities indicated that richness of pollination modes may be different between tropical and temperate communities. The proportion of each pollination mode suggests four grouping: (1) rain forests and their strata, (2) grassland savanna, and associated disturbed areas, (3) temperate communities, and (4) the most heterogeneous group, contained mostly neotropical communities, including the four habitats of the Venezuelan Central Plain. The frequency of pollination modes, richness, diversity and equitability of communities, habitats, successional stages, and vegetation strata varies with respect to geography, vegetation structure, and plant species richness.''The subfamily Mutisioideae (74 genera, ca. 865 species), which comprises three tribes, Mutisieae (43 genera, ca. 500 species), Nassauvieae (25 genera, ca. 315 species), and Stifftieae (six genera, 48 species), is analyzed at the generic level. A total of 87 genera traditionally related to Mutisioideae were studied. The genera of Mutisioideae are described and illustrated, and keys to tribes and genera are given. Corollas, anthers, styles, and pollen, are analyzed and discussed. The styles (smooth, rugulose to papillose, papillae short and rounded) constitute the main characters for delimiting the subfamily. The presence and distribution of the style papillae support the recognition of three tribes, although other characters as corolla shape contribute to their definition. The pollen of Nassauvieae can be clearly differentiated from the pollen of Mutisieae and Stifftieae. The morphology supports the exclusion of Brachylaena, Cloiselia, Dicoma, Duseniella, Erythrocephalum, Gladiopappus, Hesperomannia, Macledium, Moquinia, Pasaccardoa, Pleiotaxis, Tarchonanthus, and Warionia but not the exclusion of other taxa, for example, Hecastocleis, the Gochnatia complex, or the Ainsliaea group members.''The need for long-term biodiversity monitoring using standardized protocols led to the creation of the Tropical Ecology, Assessment and Monitoring (TEAM) initiative. At some 50 field stations in tropical forests around the world, TEAM will monitor various taxa such as ants, birds, butterflies, medium and large terrestrial mammals, primates, litter fall, and trees, as well as landscape change in nine tropical biodiversity hotspots and three tropical wilderness areas. The TEAM terrestrial mammal program calls for using a grid of camera phototraps to monitor long-term trends in densities and occupancy rates of species that can or cannot be uniquely identified, respectively. We describe the TEAM camera phototrapping program and provide results for the first TEAM National Forest in northern Brazil. An intensive one year camera trapping effort was carried out to determine which months were most suitable for long-term monitoring. Fifteen species of medium and large terrestrial mammals and two large birds were recorded, including three xenarthrans, five carnivores, one perissodactyle, three artiodactyles, two rodents, and one marsupial. The medium and large terrestrial mammal diversity was well represented during two consecutive wet and dry months, respectively. We also recorded activity patterns for all species photographed by our camera traps more than 10 times.'"Development projects in tropical forests can impact biodiversity.Assessment and monitoring programs based on the principles of adaptive management assist managers to identify and reduce suchimpacts. The small mammal community is one important component ofa forest ecosystem that may be impacted by development projects. In 1996, a natural gas exploration project was initiated in a Peruvian rainforest. The Smithsonian Institution's Monitoring andAssessment of Biodiversity program cooperated with Shell Prospecting and Development Peru to establish an adaptive management program to protect the region's biodiversity. In thisarticle, we discuss the role of assessing and monitoring small mammals in relation to the natural gas project. We outline theconceptual issues involved in establishing an assessment andmonitoring program, including setting objectives, evaluating the results and making appropriate decisions. We also summarizethe steps taken to implement the small mammal assessment, provideresults from the assessment and discuss protocols to identifyappropriate species for monitoring."'Available observations suggest that some mountain regions are experiencing seasonal warming rates that are greater than the global land average. There is also evidence from observational and modeling studies for an elevation-dependent climate response within some mountain regions. Our understanding of climate change in mountains, however, remains challenging owing to inadequacies in observations and models. In fact, it is still uncertain whether mountainous regions generally are warming at a different rate than the rest of the global land surface, or whether elevation-based sensitivities in warming rates are prevalent within mountains. We review studies of four high mountain regions the Swiss Alps, the Colorado Rocky Mountains, the Tibetan Plateau/Himalayas, and the Tropical Andes to examine questions related to the sensitivity of climate change to surface elevation. We explore processes that could lead to enhanced warming within mountain regions and possible mechanisms that can produce altitudinal gradients in warming rates on different time scales. A conclusive understanding of these responses will continue to elude us in the absence of a more comprehensive network of climate monitoring in mountains.''Temperate forests of southern South America are globally important because of their high level of endemism. I argue here that within southern South America, rainforests of the Chilean Coastal Range should be the primary target for new conservation efforts. Historically, most protected areas in southern South America have been designated to preserve forests above 600 m, mainly in the Andes. However, Coastal Range forests have higher species richness and are under greater threat than Andean forests at similar latitudes. Coastal forests are characterized by the presence of numerous narrow-range endemics, among them two monotypic plant families. The higher frequency of endemic species in Coastal Range forests is attributed to its more stable biogeographic history compared to the Andes, particularly during the glacial events of the Quaternary. Due to the extent of human impact, the remaining fragments of coastal forests are quite distant from one another, and are disconnected from the larger protected areas of Andean forests. Only 439000 ha of Valdivian coastal forest still remain, including some remnants of primary forest. New private or public reserves should be created to protect the last remnants of continuous forest remaining on the Coastal Range of the Valdivian region S). A different conservation strategy should be applied north of S, where protected areas are too small and fragments are too scattered to maintain viable populations of most vertebrates. In this latter area, I recommend expanding existing reserves, restoring native forests, and interconnecting remnant forests through a corridor network.''Three new species of the Andean genus Myrosmodes are described: Myrosmodes cleefi Szlach., Mytnik and Myrosmodes reticulata Szlach., Mytnik and and Myrosmodes subnivalis Szlach., Mytnik and The former two species are known from a single population each, from Columbia, and the latter from Columbia and Ecuador. Each species is described and illustrated, and detailed habitat and distribution data are provided. A distribution map of the new species and the distribution range of the genus is presented. A dichotomous key for determination of the Andean species and Myrosmodes is provided. Conservation status assessments are provided for each species; current International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) red list categories and criteria are listed. A brief discussion of endemism in the Andes and Tropical Andes biodiversity hotspot is presented.'"The diversity of native species assemblages and that of indigenous cultures that once characterized the temperate forests of southern Chile have experienced a process of homogenization ever since the Spanish conquest. Today this process continues to erode both biotic and cultural diversity. With the goal of linking ecological research with actions to conserve the biological and cultural richness of this region, we established the Institute of Ecological Research The Institute's philosophy and activities involve three approaches: (1) participation of professional ecologists in environmental education and decision making, through collaboration with the community at local, regional, and global scales. (2) programs of ecological education, which include planting indigenous trees in urban areas and creating a local botanical garden with representative Chilean forest species. (3) critical analyses of the narrow economic and utilitarian environmental ethics that currently prevail in Chile, and often in other Latin American nations, and examination of traditional or novel alternative ethics and perspectives that address multiple interrelations between biological and cultural dimensions."'In Amazonian Ecuador, studies are being realized to intensify fallow periods by grazing African tropical forest type sheep (Red Afro-Colombian X Barbados Black Belly) on Asian tropical forest legume cover forage (Desmodium ovalifolium) under American tropical forest legume fuelwood trees (Inga edulis). The specific approach represents an innovative effort to address the complex problems associated with the pernicious use of less fertile lands by small-scale farmers and graziers in the humid tropics. The technologies developed are closely compatible with traditional socio-cultural patterns. For example, shifting cultivators are encouraged to plant contour strips of legume fuelwood trees in their cassava fields. With the cassava harvest, legume cover forage is planted between the fuelwood trees, to be grazed later by tropical forest sheep.Forage and fuelwood legumes increase soil aeration, organic matter, nitrogen and available phosphorus, control soil erosion and leaching, as well as provide a break in cropping that checks insect, disease and weed build-ups. Tropical forest sheep improve soil fertility by depositing organic matter which stimulates legume/Rhizobium symbiosis and by supplying fecal microorganisms which mineralize crop residues. In addition, tropical forest sheep cause little soil compaction and erosion, produce high quality food protein from legume cover forage, as well as generate cash income, capital and employment for small-scale farmers.Tropical forest sheep on legume forage/fuelwood fallows not only intensify land use under shifting field cultivation, but also form the basis for rehabilitating already degraded lands for further foodcrop production.''The wild common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) is widely but discontinuously distributed from northern Mexico to northern Argentina on both sides of the Isthmus of Panama. Little is known on how the species has reached its current disjunct distribution. In this research, chloroplast DNA polymorphisms in seven non-coding regions were used to study the history of migration of wild P. vulgaris between Mesoamerica and South America. A penalized likelihood analysis was applied to previously published Leguminosae ITS data to estimate divergence times between P. vulgaris and its sister taxa from Mesoamerica, and divergence times of populations within P. vulgaris. Fourteen chloroplast haplotypes were identified by PCR-RFLP and their geographical associations were studied by means of a Nested Clade Analysis and Mantel Tests. The results suggest that the haplotypes are not randomly distributed but occupy discrete parts of the geographic range of the species. The current distribution of haplotypes may be explained by isolation by distance and by at least two migration events between Mesoamerica and South America: one from Mesoamerica to South America and another one from northern South America to Mesoamerica. Age estimates place the divergence of P. vulgaris from its sister taxa from Mesoamerica at or before 1.3 Ma, and divergence of populations from Ecuador-northern Peru at or before 0.6 Ma. As these ages are taken as minimum divergence times, the influence of past events, such as the closure of the Isthmus of Panama and the final uplift of the Andes, on the migration history and population structure of this species cannot be disregarded.''Glaciers in the Cordillera Blanca, Peru, are undergoing rapid retreat, in large part due to climate change. These changes are significantly altering water availability in the region and pose critical risks to local populations that are highly dependent on these resources for livelihoods. We examine these issues through an interdisciplinary and linked evaluation of hydrological change and livelihood vulnerability in the Yanamarey watershed. Physical observations of the Yanamarey glacier show acceleration in frontal retreat at a rate of since 1970, accompanied by total volume loss on the order of Hydrological and hydrochemical analyses document a possible transformation of stream flow over the past decade as the seasonal storage capacity of the glacier has degraded. Recent stream discharge measurements from the proglacial lake below the glacier are more coincident with the highly variable seasonal precipitation than they were during the hydrological year. Local household perceptions of glacier recession and seasonal hydrological variability agree with this trend, which is increasing human vulnerability in the watershed. Household case-study survey results demonstrate that shifting water resources, increasing weather extremes and climate-related threats to tourism are all new vectors of vulnerability for household livelihoods.''The availability of key plant nutrients may change with elevation in tropical mountains due to altitudinal gradients in temperature and moisture which affect pedogenesis and nutrient cycling. In a transect from upper lowland to montane forests in NE Ecuador, we tested the hypotheses that (1) the availability of P is low in low-elevation forests but increases upslope, while the availability of N is relatively high at low elevations but decreases with elevation, and (2) increasing amounts of calcium, magnesium and potassium are stored on top of the soil with progressive humus accumulation toward higher elevations, likely to improve nutrient availability. In each 20 plots in undisturbed natural forest at 500, 1000, 1500 and we measured in situ N net mineralization and nitrification rate (NNM and NNI, buried bag method), plant-available phosphorus (Pa, resin-bag method), and salt-exchangeable calcium, potassium and magnesium concentrations (Caex, Kex, Mgex) in the organic and mineral topsoils. NNM and NNI, and the Caex, Kex and Mgex concentrations were much more variable at the plot level than across the four elevations, while Pa varied equally at small and large spatial scales. Pa increased more than 10fold from 500 to The net release of nitrate dominated over ammonium at all elevations. While mass-related NNM and NNI rates and also organic matter C/N ratio in the topsoil remained invariant along the slope, NNM and NNI rates per ground area decreased by about 40% from 500 to Thus, the NNM/Pa ratio decreased markedly with elevation proving our first hypothesis. In support of the second hypothesis, the pools of Caex, Mgex and Kex in the organic layers increased with elevation, demonstrating the key role that organic topsoil horizons are playing for forest nutrition at high elevations. We suggest that the large difference in N versus P availability of tropical (upper) lowland and montane forests is likely to be a key factor influencing the species composition and productivity along tropical mountain slopes.''AimsThis study assesses the importance of root- and mycorrhiza-derived resources for decomposition processes and as food resources for microarthropod communities along an altitudinal gradient of tropical montane rainforests in southern Ecuador.MethodsAt 1000, 2000 and microcosms with openings of different mesh sizes or closed were exposed in the field, manipulating accessibility by roots and mycorrhizal fungi. The microcosms contained undisturbed soil with a mixture of leaf litter from three abundant plant species from the site at which the microcosms were exposed. After water content, microbial biomass, remaining litter mass, C-to-N ratio and the soil microarthropod community structure were analysed.ResultsWater content and C-to-N ratio were lower and microbial biomass was highest at the lowest altitude, while litter decomposition and microarthropod abundance were at a maximum at the intermediate altitude. Exclusion of roots and mycorrhizal fungi did not affect litter decomposition, but decreased the abundance and diversity of Oribatida, while the abundance of Collembola increased in closed microcosms.ConclusionsThe effect of root and mycorrhizal exclusion on all investigated parameters did not differ between the three altitudes. The results indicate that in nutrient limited tropical montane rainforests mycorrhizal fungi suppress the activity of other microorganisms, potentially competing for litter-derived resources, at each of the investigated altitudes. Collembola benefitted from this reduced competition while Oribatida strongly depended on root-derived resources.''BackgroundGlucocorticoids are adrenal steroid hormones essential to homeostatic maintenance. Their daily variation at low concentrations regulates physiology and behavior to sustain proper immunological and metabolic function. Glucocorticoids rise well above these baseline levels during stress to elicit emergency-state responses that increase short-term survival. Despite this essence in managing life processes under both regular and adverse conditions, relationships of glucocorticoid release to environmental and intrinsic factors that vary at daily and seasonal scales are rarely studied in the wild.MethodsThis study on 41 passerine species of the Ecuadorian applied a standardized capture-and-restraint protocol to examine diurnal variation in baseline and stress-related release of corticosterone, the primary avian glucocorticoid. Tests for relationships to relative body mass, hemoglobin concentration, molt status and date complemented this evaluation of the time of day effect on corticosterone secretion in free-living tropical rainforest birds. Analyses were also partitioned by sex as well as performed separately on two common species, the wedge-billed woodcreeper and olive-striped flycatcher.ResultsInterspecific analyses indicated maximum baseline corticosterone levels at the onset of the active phase and reductions thereafter. Stress-related levels did not correspond to time of day but accompanied baseline reductions during molt and elevations in birds sampled later during the September - November study period. Baseline corticosterone related negatively to hemoglobin in the wedge-billed woodcreeper and stress-related levels increased with body mass in the olive-striped flycatcher. There were no substantial sex-related differences.ConclusionsThe results of this study suggest a diurnal rhythmicity in baseline corticosterone release so robust as to emerge in pooled analyses across a highly variable dataset. While this detection in nature is singular, correspondent patterns have been demonstrated outside of the tropics in captive model species. Congruity in daily rhythms and links to physiological and life-history state across disparate taxa and environments may promote the yet unresolved utility of corticosterone release as a global metric for population health. However, certain results of this study also deviate from laboratory and field research at higher latitudes, cautioning generalization. Environmental distinctions such as high productivity and tempered seasonality may precipitate unique life-history strategies and underlying hormonal mechanisms in tropical rainforest birds.''The prospects for persistence of bees living in fragmented landscapes is a topic of considerable interest due to importance as pollinators of agricultural crops and wild plants, coupled with the ubiquity of native habitat loss and evidence that bees may be declining worldwide. Population persistence in fragmented areas depends on dispersal potential and maintenance of gene flow among fragments of habitat. Here we used population genetic techniques to characterize, for two equally abundant orchid bee species that differ in their physiology and ecology, levels of genetic differentiation among fragments of tropical forest in southeastern Costa Rica in a landscape. We measured population differentiation with (an analogue to the traditional summary statistic Fst), as well as two measures that may more accurately reflect the level of differentiation when highly variable loci are used: and Dest. We also calculated pairwise genetic distances among individuals and conducted Mantel tests to test the correlation of genetic and geographic distance, for each species. We found strong differences in genetic structure between the species. Contrary to our expectations, each measure of genetic structure revealed that the larger-bodied species, Eulaema bombiformis, had higher levels of differentiation than the smaller species, Euglossa championi. Furthermore, for Eulaema bombiformis there was a significant positive correlation of genetic and geographic distance while for Euglossa championi there was no significant positive correlation. Our results demonstrate that bee species can have strikingly different levels of gene flow in fragmented habitats, and that body size may not always act as a useful proxy for dispersal, even in closely related taxa.''Fork-tailed Flycatchers (Tyrannus s. savana) breed from central to southern South America from September to January, migrating to northern South America to spend the non-breeding season. However, little is known of the migratory routes, rate, and timing of migration of those that breed in Brazil. In 2013, we attached light-level geolocators to breeding Fork-tailed Flycatchers breeding in Sao Paulo State. Data for six male flycatchers recaptured in 2014 indicates that they exhibited two fall migration strategies. Some individuals migrated northwest to the wintering grounds (primarily Colombia, Venezuela and northern Brazil), while others first spent several weeks in southwestern Brazil before going to the wintering grounds. Mean fall migration rate was 69 km/day during 59 days. Some flycatchers moved during winter, using more than one winter area. Flycatchers initiated spring migration in July and migrated southeast to the breeding grounds at a mean rate of 129 km/day during 27 days. A detailed understanding of the annual cycle of South migratory birds is essential to evaluating theoretical questions, such as the evolution of their life history strategies, in addition to applied questions, such as explanations for changes in population size, or their role as disease vectors.''In the Araceae, pollination biology has been extensively evaluated in several genera mainly in lowland tropical areas. However, the influence of physical factors such as elevation or precipitation on plant/flower-visitor interactions at the community level remains challenging for this plant family, specifically in tropical mountain forests. The aim of this study was to analyze how the species diversity and abundance of flowering Araceae and their flower-visitor assemblages change along an elevation gradient and through time, in response to changes in mean monthly precipitation in a tropical mountain forest located in Antioquia, Colombia. Eighteen flowering Araceae species and floral visitors belonging to seven orders were recorded. Flower-visitor diversity decreased with elevation. A trend of increasing flowering Araceae and flower-visitor abundance richness at intermediate levels of precipitation was observed. Diptera were dominant in the lower part and Thysanoptera were dominant in the upper part of the gradient. The pattern of plant species distribution along the elevation and the amount of precipitation influenced the availability of flower resources, and, as a consequence, affected the spatial and temporal composition of flower-visitor assemblages. Local strategies for the conservation of the diversity of insect flower-visitors and their interactions should be focused on the implementation of agricultural practices that reduce the use of pesticides within adjacent commercial plantations and the avoidance of illegal clearings, maintaining unbroken elevational gradients of forest, which is the only way to protect the flowering resources for anthophilous insects. At the same time, continuous forest promotes the maintenance of macro and microclimatic conditions, preserving the stability of insect populations and diversity amongst several functional groups.''Interest in bean genetic resources of Central America has resumed because of disease pressures (e.g., web blight, BGMV) and limitations of current bean varieties. As most of the diversity in landraces has been explored, focus is now on the exploration of wild forms of the primary gene pool and wild species of the secondary gene pool. A germplasm collection was carried out in the field and resulted in the collection of 29 wild populations for six Phaseolus species; it complemented field work done in 1987. Nine more populations were found for P. costaricensis, 10 for wild P. lunatus, one for P. oligospermus, one for P. tuerckheimii, four for wild P. vulgaris and four for P. xanthotrichus. Ninety-three herbarium voucher specimens were collected for 19 populations of the six species (deposited at CR). These results confirm the presence of wild P. vulgaris on both slopes of the central valley of Costa Rica, namely in the life zones bh-MB and bmh-P, and of P. costaricensis in the life zone bmh-MB. These life zones of limited range in Costa Rica have been heavily modified, thus fully justifying the germplasm collection for ex situ conservation. For both species the range of distribution in Costa Rica has been almost completely sampled. The life characteristics of each species that are relevant for their conservation in situ are briefly reviewed. Distribution ranges of each wild bean species are compared with the present extension of national parks, protected areas and fauna/flora sanctuaries, and suggestions for expanding such protected areas are made.'"Prior studies on the latitudinal extent and ecological impact of exotic plant species suggest that areas of high diversity, such as the Neotropics, may be relatively 'resistant' to invasions. To explore the generality of this assertion and assess the impact of alien species on continental tropical faunas, I compiled data for threatened Neotropical animals from the red data books of Bolivia, Brazil, Minas Gerais (a Brazilian state), Peru, and Venezuela. A total of 378 species (including both vertebrates and invertebrates) were considered. For each taxon, I recorded whether it is threatened by habitat conversion, overexploitation, and/or exotic species. As suggested by other researchers, exotic species introductions appear to be relatively unimportant in South America, threatening only 6% of animal taxa. However, many South American animals are themselves either recent invaders or survivors of the Great American Biotic Interchange (GABI) which began during the Pliocene. Here, I hypothesize that the GABI may have acted as an 'extinction filter', leaving faunal groups of mostly South American origin relatively more threatened by the current wave of exotic invaders than those with prominent North American representation. The data support this prediction. For taxa whose current diversity patterns were not strongly influenced by the GABI, exotic species are indeed an important threat. For example, alien invaders threaten 29% of continental fishes and 30% of amphibians, figures comparable to those recorded in temperate areas. As more information on these less-studied taxa becomes available, the magnitude of the threat posed by exotic species introductions will probably reveal itself to be large. Of critical importance is to assess the impact of invasions on biological realms that have only been recently exposed to alien taxa, such as the aquatic faunas of the numerous drainages that occur along the eastern and western slopes of the South American Andes. The results of these investigations provide predictions for similar research focussed on other continental tropical regions of the world."'Complete two-month censuses of diurnal raptors and strip transect counts of other bird species were compared between and 1996 to assess changes in the bird community of a 2700ha guinean savanna in Ivory Coast. Among 117 non-raptor species recorded at least once on the transects, 25 mostly uncommon species were absent in 1996 (but only two of them were likely to be extinct in the study area), 4 were first seen in 1996, 14 decreased and 4 increased significantly. All six large forest raptors and resident savanna eagles disappeared before the mid-1980s. Among the 12 remaining breeding raptors, 4 species increased (including the 2 seasonal migrants), 4 species remained stable (including the 2 forest accipiters) and 4 species decreased, but not significantly (including the 2 largest taxa). All 14 non-breeding raptors (Palearctic and African migrants) remained stable or increased. With on average 63 breeding pairs per 1000ha, this area still supports one of the highest densities of diurnal raptors ever recorded. The geographic distributions, seasonal movements and ecological requirements of species involved suggest the most likely origin of specific changes observed. They were attributed, in roughly similar proportion, to: (i) decreasing rainfall (southward shifts leading to appearance or increase of some resident or migrant species); (ii) deforestation, agricultural development and hunting pressure around the reserve (extinction of larger species following habitat fragmentation or degradation, increase of some species); and (iii) habitat modifications inside the reserve (increasing tree cover, invasion of dense thickets, illegal exploitation of palms). The overall community of this small protected area, however, exhibited a remarkable stability during the last 30 years, in spite of dramatic habitat changes outside its limits.'diversity and structure within a Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus L.) base collection have been evaluated using allozyme markers. The results obtained from the analysis of wild and cultivated accessions confirm the existence of Andean and Mesoamerican gene pools characterised by specific alleles. Wild and cultivated accessions of the same gene pool are grouped. The Andean natural populations have a very limited geographic distribution between Ecuador and northern Peru. The Mesoamerican wild form extends from Mexico up to Argentina through the eastern side of the Andes. Andean and Mesoamerican cultivated accessions of pantropical distribution contribute substantially to the genetic diversity of the Lima bean base collection. Population genetic parameters, estimated from allozymes, confirmed the predominant selfing mating system of the Lima bean. The selfing mating system, the occurrence of small populations, and low gene flow lead to an interpopulation gene diversity (DST=0.235) higher than the intrapopulation gene diversity (HS=0.032). On the basis of the results, guidelines are given to preserve and exploit the genetic diversity of this threatened species. The results also confirm the independent domestication of the Lima bean in at least two centres, one of which is located at medium elevation in the western valleys of Ecuador and northern Peru.''Foreign assistance helps developing countries to achieve economic growth through wise use of natural resources. Conservation interventions and sustainable use of natural resources play a central role in this development. Conservation and utilization of genetic resources have traditionally proceeded as separate approaches. A conceptual approach to project design is presented encouraging greater interaction between those conserving crop genetic resources and those seeking their economic application in a sound land-use management plan. Projects illustrating this approach are being supported by the Agency for International Development. They suggest a paradigm for research and development allowing interdisciplinary activities targeting sustainable agriculture development.''This article focuses on the relationship between priority-setting in conservation and in taxonomy. A simple and generally applicable scheme is presented based on prior quantitative extinction threat evaluation. In the main part of the study we describe the assessment of the herbarium voucher collection date time series of 21 endemic fig tree species of Ficus sect. Oreosycea (Moraceae). The fig tree assessment is then compared with the available IUCN Red List data and with the collection information on two other groups of endemic tree radiations in New Caledonia: ebonies of Diospyros sect. Maba (Ebenaceae) and the Iguanura palm lineage (Arecaceae). We find a remarkably low level of extinction threat evident in Ficus but a pronounced need to differentiate between true species rarity and putative rarity of potential taxonomic artifacts. To this end it is proposed how such numerical evaluations can be used to set future priorities for the assessment or validation of the taxonomic and conservation status of taxa. The limitations and implications of the evaluation are discussed and relevant criteria for a meaningful analysis of collection records are listed. Finally, putting our results on woody plants into perspective, we briefly review the general conservation situation and outlook of New Caledonia, acknowledging both its high conservation priority and potential.''The northern Andes harbour a flora that is as species-rich or even richer than the 18-times larger lowland Amazon basin. Gaining an understanding of how the high species richness of the Andean region is generated and maintained is therefore of particular interest. Environmental sorting due to elevational gradients in climate has been emphasized as a driver of vegetation distribution and plant community assembly in tropical mountain areas such as the Andes for two centuries, while alternative mechanisms have been little studied. Here, we investigated the importance of topography and spatial location as factors controlling species distributions in a palm community in a montane rain forest landscape in the Andes of southern Ecuador above sea level). Eleven species were present: Aiphanes verrucosa, Ceroxylon parvifrons, Chamaedorea pinnatifrons, Dictyocaryum lamarckianum, Euterpe precatoria, Geonoma densa, Geonoma orbignyana, Geonoma paradoxa, Prestoea acuminata and Wettinia aequatorialis. To study their spatial distribution, forty plots were laid out perpendicular to four paths that were categorized into three areas and two topographic units (ridges and gullies). Mantel tests and indicator species analysis showed that both topography and spatial location imposed strong controls on palm species distributions at the study site. Our results suggest that species distributions in the studied montane forest landscape were partly determined by the habitat requirements, but also by unknown spatial effects. Although a number of possible explanations exist for the latter, such as unmeasured environmental variables and historical disturbance events, we believe dispersal limitation is likely to be involved. Furthermore, although the gully- or ridge-association of some species corresponded to their general elevational ranges in southern Ecuador, this was not the case for other species. Based on such considerations, we conclude that elevational climatic gradients are likely to only form part of the explanation for the topographic effects on palm species distributions at the study site. Other factors must also be involved, notably wind-exposure and hydrology, as discussed for lowland palm communities. Our results show that to understand plant community assembly in the tropical montane forests of the Andes it is too simple to focus just on environmental sorting by elevational climatic gradients.''Seven clonal accessions representing all three stylar morphs of tristylous oca were intercrossed and selfed in a complete diallelic crossing design.The four traits total capsule production, total number of seeds/capsule, total number of seeds containing an embryo/capsule, and percent seeds containing an embryo of all seeds per capsule were recorded. Both capsule and seed production were highest in the legitimate pollinations (in which styles are pollinated with pollen of the corresponding anther level), but also in illegitimate pollinations of mid-styled seed parents with long-level anther pollen of short-styled accessions.All 18 types of pollination, consisting of 6 legitimate, 6 illegitimate intermorph, and 6 illegitimate intramorph pollinations, expressed gradually different levels of capsule and seed production.Intramorph pollinations and selfs of mid-styled seed parents were less incompatible than intramorph pollinations and selfs of the long- and short-styled morphs.All accessions studied expressed an intact system of heteromorphic stylar incompatibility despite their exclusive clonal propagation for millennia. A maximum of 16,3 seeds/capsule containing an embryo was obtained in an individual legitimate cross of two accessions, although an average of 25 ovules are present in a flower of O. tuberosa.The results are discussed in relation to the establishment of a genebank based on botanical seed of this clonally propagated, valuable Andean tuber crop.'Abstract not available'Information related to rainfall erosivity in the Andes is scarce. This study was carried out to determine the characteristics of rainfall events at the La watershed, northern Peru, using daily rainfall data from the 1995 to 2000 period that included all the El and Southern Oscillation (ENSO) phases. Three weather stations were installed within the study area, at the top, middle and bottom of the watershed. We analysed the total amount, duration, intensity, kinetic energy and probability of return of rainfall events. In general, 80% of the rainfall events at watershed level had an average rainfall intensity lower than and only 4% had an average intensity larger than Rainfall erosivity registered at the bottom of the watershed was slightly higher than in the rest of the area. The highest intensities were observed during an El year whereas a La year was characterized by the highest amount of total rainfall compared to the other ENSO phases and by the low intensity rain events. Simulations using the WEPP model estimated higher sediment yield and runoff for the bottom of the watershed during a La year versus El or Neutral years. Even when the analysed rainfall data was too limited to conclude erosion and runoff during any ENSO phase, the simulated results showed us the trend of the behaviour of rainfall erosivity under the ENSO phases at different locations.'Abstract not available'Fourteen species of bats are reported for the first time from Guyana (Saccopteryx gymnura, Micronycteris brachyotis, M. homezi, Lichonycteris obscura, Anoura latidens, Vampyressa pusilla, Vampyrodes caraccioli, Eptesicus chiriquinus, Cynomops paranus, Molossops neglectus, Molossus sp., Molossus coibensis, Molossus sinaloae, and Promops centralis) bringing the known bat diversity for the country to 121 species. Information including measurements, reproductive data, distribution, and taxonomy are provided for these species. Seven of these new records were collected in the Iwokrama International Rain Forest Programme site in central Guyana. Eighty-six bat species are now documented from Iwokrama Forest which is the highest species diversity for bats reported from any protected area in the world. There are, however, few tropical sites that have relatively complete inventories. A summary for bat species diversity in southern Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, and French Guiana indicates that at least 146 species of bats are known from the Guianan subregion. Intense inventory surveys, especially in the often neglected subcanopy, suggest that species richness is probably underestimated in most Neotropical areas. Likewise, species-level diversity in the Guianan subregion is higher than previously suggested. Surveying and monitoring biodiversity are critical to developing a National Protected Areas System in Guyana.''We studied five 20-m transects onthe lower slope under tropical lower montanerain forest at m above sea level. We collectedsamples of soil and of weekly rainfall,throughfall, litter leachate, and stream waterbetween 14 March 1998 and 30 April 1999 anddetermined the concentrations of Al, totalorganic C (TOC), Ca, Cu, K, Mg, total N (TN), Na, P, S, and Zn. The soils were shallowInceptisols; pH ranged in the Ohorizons and in the A horizons, totalCa mg and Mgconcentrations in the O horizon weresignificantly different between the transects.Annual rainfall was 2193 mm; throughfall variedbetween 43 and 91% of rainfall, cloud waterinputs were 3.3 mm except forone transect (203). The volume-weighted mean pHwas 5.3 in rainfall and in throughfall.The median of the pH of litter leachate andstream water was and 6.8, respectively.The concentrations of Ca and Mg in litterleachate and throughfall correlatedsignificantly with those in the soil (r Element concentrations inthroughfall were larger than in rainfallbecause of leaching from the leaves (Al, TOC,Ca, K, Mg), particulate dry deposition (TOC,Cu, and gaseousdry deposition total N, S).Net throughfall (= throughfall-rainfalldeposition) was positive for most elementsexcept for Mn, Na, and Zn. High-flow eventswere associated with elevated Al, TOC, Cu, Mn,and Zn concentrations.''This study examined whether topography-induced gradients in water potential and leaf litter depth contribute to species coexistence in tropical forests through species-specific effects on seedling emergence and mortality. Seedling emergence and mortality were followed for a period of 12 months in 36 (1 2 m) plots on Barro Colorado Island (BCI), Plots with and without litter were distributed on slope and plateau sites in three catchments. In the absence of manipulations, the lower litter depth on slopes resulted in approximately four times as many emergent seedlings than on plateau sites. However, litter depth had little effect on seedling community composition. By the end of the first dry-season, post-emergence, there were no significant differences in surviving seedling numbers between any treatments. There were differences in the emergent seedling community between slope and plateau sites within the same catchment as well as differences in composition between catchments, suggesting that both niche partitioning and dispersal limitation might play a role in structuring seedling community composition. During the wet-season seedling mortality was highest on slope sites although this pattern was reversed during the dry-season. In both seasons mortality was higher for small-seeded species. These results demonstrate that gradients in water potential related to topography impact on patterns of seedling emergence and mortality although processes in the first year after emergence may be insufficient to explain observed habitat preferences of adult plants.''Recent estimates of the global species numbers of fungi suggest that the much-used figure of 1.5 million is low, and figures up to 5.1 million have been proposed in the last few years. Data emerging from tropical studies, and from large-scale sequencing of environmental samples, have the potential to contribute towards a more robust figure. Additional evidence of species richness is coming from long-term studies of particular non-tropical sites, and also from molecular phylogenetic studies revealing extensive cryptic speciation. However, uncertainties remain over fungus:plant species ratios and how they should be extrapolated to the global scale, and also as to the geographical distribution of fungi known only as sequences. Also unclear is the extent to which figures should be modified to allow for insect-associated fungi. The need for comprehensive studies, especially in the tropics, to address the uncertainties used in past extrapolations, is stressed. For the present, it is recommended that the phrase least 1.5, but probably as many as 3 be adopted for general use until some of the current uncertainties are resolved.''Tropical rainforest plays an important role in the global carbon cycle, accounting for a large part of global net primary productivity and contributing to CO2 sequestration. The objective of this work is to simulate potential changes in the rainforest biome in Central America subject to anthropogenic climate change under two emissions scenarios, RCP4.5 and RCP8.5. The use of a dynamic vegetation model and climate change scenarios is an approach to investigate, assess or anticipate how biomes respond to climate change. In this work, the Inland dynamic vegetation model was driven by the Eta regional climate model simulations. These simulations accept boundary conditions from HadGEM2-ES runs in the two emissions scenarios. The possible consequences of regional climate change on vegetation properties, such as biomass, net primary production and changes in forest extent and distribution, were investigated. The Inland model projections show reductions in tropical forest cover in both scenarios. The reduction of tropical forest cover is greater in RCP8.5. The Inland model projects biomass increases where tropical forest remains due to the CO2 fertilization effect. The future distribution of predominant vegetation shows that some areas of tropical rainforest in Central America are replaced by savannah and grassland in RCP4.5. Inland projections under both RCP4.5 and RCP8.5 show a net primary productivity reduction trend due to significant tropical forest reduction, temperature increase, precipitation reduction and dry spell increments, despite the biomass increases in some areas of Costa Rica and Panama. This study may provide guidance to adaptation studies of climate change impacts on the tropical rainforests in Central America.'Abstract not available'Herbaceous vascular epiphytes were screened in a total sample of 13 445 trees (in 153 species) and 348 lianas (in 30 species) cm girth at breast height in a 30 ha plot of tropical evergreen forest at Varagalaiar, Indian Western Ghats. Of these, 4.3% of trees and 3.7% of lianas were infested with epiphytes. Epiphyte diversity totaled 26 species in 19 genera and 10 families. Sixteen species were angiosperms in three families (Orchidaceae 54%; Piperaceae and Araceae 8%) and 10 species (38%) were pteridophytes in seven families. The orchid, Pholidota pallida was most abundant and occurred on 178 (29.6%) stems. Asplenium nidus occurred on the maximum of 62 host species. The species richness estimators employed for species accumulation curves after 100 times randomization of sample order have stabilized the curve at 18th and 19th hectares respectively for Incidence-based Coverage Estimator and Chao2. A total of 588 trees and 13 liana stems lodged epiphytes, 74% of which were evergreen species and 26% deciduous. Epiphyte density was greater (56%) in deciduous species (Bischofia javanica 30% and Vitex altissima 8%). A significant positive relationship was found between trunk size and epiphyte association. Larger epiphyte species occurred mostly on middle and larger stems and smaller epiphyte species occurred on smaller stems. The majority of epiphytes (92%) were of autochorous dispersal type, bearing capsule or dust diaspores, while the remaining species with berries and nutlets are dispersed by small vertebrates.''The Brazilian Amazon is under threat from more frequent and intense forest fires, with a few studies showing negative consequences for forest integrity and the biodiversity. However, the impacts of this disturbance on tropical forests remain mostly unknown. We investigate the impacts of forest fires on community parameters and biomass of dung beetles, a cost-effective indicator of disturbance and overall biodiversity, in the northern Brazilian Amazon. Our results indicate that burned forests harbor a modified dung beetle community, with altered abundance, community composition, and structure. Burned forest samples had lower total biomass and were dominated by small-bodied dung beetles. Large-bodied tunneler species were negatively impacted, responding to changes in environmental characteristics such as soil compaction. Lower biomass and higher predominance of smaller species in burned forest is likely to impact dung beetle-mediated ecological functions, such as nutrient cycling and seed dispersal. Our results support that forest fires in the Brazilian Amazon pose a serious threat to local biodiversity and habitat integrity.'"Forest conversion for agriculture expansion is the most salient signature of human occupation of the earth's land surface. Although population growth and deforestation are significantly associated at the global and regional scales, evidence for population links to deforestation at people are actually clearing scant. Much of the planet's forest elimination is proceeding along tropical agricultural frontiers. This article examines the evolution of thought on theories relevant to deforestation in tropical agricultural frontiers. Four primary ways by which population dynamics interact with frontier forest conversion are examined: population density, fertility, and household demographic composition, and in-migration.""Current Latin American tropical agriculture is not sustainable. It has become dominantly large-scale, bringing irreversible environmental damages such as devastation of the flora and the fauna and soil-degradation for vast tracks of land. Instead of bonding man to the land, it is bringing unemployment and rural exit. Furthermore, a land management model has been developed with technology that has been transferred from countries with temperate soils without taking into account basic climatic, mineralogical, geochemical, ecological and cultural differences, which are present in our tropical ecosystem. One such technology has been the indiscriminate use of highly soluble NPK fertilizers. Under deep leached conditions, this strategy does not bring nutrient conservation. As an alternative, or as a support to those `chemical' fertilizers, and as an important step towards sustainable development, we suggest the use of native-rocks (stone meal) as the ultimate way to restore to the leached tropical soils, a balanced inorganic compositionon which plant growth and biodiversity can thrive."'Microenvironmental heterogeneity is important in the ecology and diversification of the rich palm flora that inhabits neotropical rain forests. At small-0.1-102 m-scales, neotropical rain forests exhibit high heterogeneity in numerous environmental factors: canopy conditions, conspecifics, other plants, litter, soil factors, topography, and animal mutualists and pests. These aspects of microenvironmental heterogeneity affect the performance and the small-scale distribution of palms in numerous ways, often affecting different species differently. Notably, even subtle environmental variation can be of crucial ecological importance.Microenvironmental heterogeneity promotes the local coexistence of palm species by niche differences among the species and probably also by mass effects and negative density dependence. Sympatric species of the same growth form often differ in terms of light requirements, edaphic-topographic preferences, and possibly also in seed-dispersal patterns, whereas mass effects are likely to account for the local occurrence of a share of the rare species. Density dependence seems to be frequent among large-seeded palms, but its importance needs to be assessed.Microenvironmental heterogeneity is proposed to be an important diversity-generating factor in the neotropical palm flora through the process of parapatric speciation. This hypothesis is based on the observation that, in species-rich palm genera and species complexes, sympatric species or morphs often differ in edaphic-topographic preferences or in characteristics that confer differing light requirements and in traits that favor reproductive isolation.''Knowledge of genetic diversity in selections is essential for planning on-farm conservation and rehabilitation. Using 15 microsatellite loci, we analyzed parentage and population structure in 220 farmer selections of cacao from the Huallaga valley in Peruvian Amazon. A high level of allele richness and heterozygosity were detected in these selections. Coordination analysis showed that these farmer selections are mainly comprised of hybrids derived from Trinitario and Upper Amazon Forastero germplasm. Bayesian clustering analysis assigned 54 selections as Trinitario and 166 as Upper Amazon Forastero hybrids. Parentage analysis identified 15 international clones as probable parents for 96 farmer selections, which corresponded to a fraction of the known hybrid families disseminated in this region in the late 1980s. Combined analysis of demographic and molecular data revealed a significant spatial autocorrelation at short geographical distances This patch-like distribution of spatial heterogeneity suggests a significant in seeds distribution or variety adoption, where closely related hybrid progenies were adopted in the neighboring farms or villages. The outcomes of this study indicate that in spite of the introgressions of exotic germplasm in the past, Upper Amazon Forastero is still the dominant component in the Huallaga valley of Peru. The high level of on-farm diversity can offer needed variability for participatory selection of superior clones in this low input, small-scale production system, where adaptability to specific environment is more preferred than in a high input, large scale production system.''We describe a method for applying geographical information systems (GIS) to exploring biodiversity in the wild relatives of crop species and illustrate its application to the wild common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.). We use the latitude, longitude and altitude of the location of origin of each accession in a germplasm collection of wild P. vulgaris, along with long-term monthly mean values of rainfall, temperature and diurnal temperature range for about 10000 stations throughout Latin America to produce maps indicating areas with climates. In a test case, these identify a new suitable area in Colombia where wild P. vulgaris has been reported in the literature, and two more areas which are strong candidates on other grounds. Dividing the climates into clusters identifies areas that have similar climates but are geographically remote, where we can expect to find wild beans with similar ecological adaptation. We discuss the implications of these results for conserving and improving the common bean, and the application of these methods to other species.''Reviewing some important German scientists who have developed climatic regionalization schemes either on a global or Chinese scale, their various definitions of the tropical climate characteristics in China are discussed and compared with Huang climate classification scheme and the identification of the tropical climate therein. It can be seen that, due to different methodological approaches of the climatic regionalization schemes, the definitions of the tropics vary and hence also their spatial distribution in China. However, it is found that the tropical climate type occupies only a peripheral part of southern China, though it firmly represents a distinctive type of climate that is subsequently associated with a great economic importance for China. As such, the tropical climate type was mostly identified with its agro-climatological significance, that is by giving favourable growing conditions all-year round for perennial crops with a great heat demand. Tropical climate is, hence, conventionally regarded to be governed by all-year round summer conditions winter neveris a pantropical fern genus defined by two synapomorphies of its rhizome scales: 1) dark-castaneous to black borders, and 2) bifid marginal teeth. This monograph treats 15 neotropical species ofCallipteris that are further defined by the synapomorphy of anastomosing veins (free-veined species of the genus occur in the Neotropics and elsewhere). Three species are newly described here; the remaining 12 were previously classified inDiplazium. All the species ofCallipteris grow on wet forest floors at m. In the Neotropics the genus occurs from Guatemala to Bolivia, northern Brazil, and the Lesser Antilles. It has two centers of species richness. The first is the region on the western side of the Andes in Colombia and northwestern Ecuador. This region contains eight species, five of which are endemic. The second center is the mountains of Costa Rica and Panama, where six species occur, three of which are endemic. Only one species, an endemic, occurs in the Lesser Antilles in Martinique, St. Vincent, and Grenada. Four species occur only on the eastern side of the Andes, and these apparently represent at least two separate dispersal events from the western side of the Andes.''Balancing ever-increasing agricultural and biofuel needs with biodiversity conservation is one of the greatest challenges facing conservation biologists in the 21st century. The conversion million hectares of forests in Brazilian Amazonia over four decades for agropastoral uses has resulted in the of a similar-sized amount of non-forest habitats. Despite extensive research on the effects of forest loss and fragmentation on the Amazonian biota, the value of increasingly larger areas of non-forest habitat for forest wildlife remains poorly understood. We conducted 325 fixed-radius point counts of the avifaunal assemblage of non-forest vegetation within a 1200-km2 region along the Amazonian of in Northern Mato Grosso, Brazil. Our sampling included 2,814 records of 164 species, 15 and 54% of which were recorded in more than 10% and fewer than 2% of all sampling sites, respectively. In particular, nearly 70% of the regional scale avifauna of 560 species failed to use the agricultural matrix, regardless of the persistence of ameliorating structural features, such as isolated trees. At the local scale, higher species richness in the agricultural matrix was best predicted by the presence of relictual trees, and to a lesser extent by standing water and scrubby habitats. The presence of relictual trees, rather than scrub, predicted the occurrence of those forest-dependent species that did use the agricultural matrix. Our results indicate that intensive agricultural production coupled with land sparing would better suit conservation of vulnerable forest species than more extensive agricultural practices that require more land under production to produce the same yield.'Abstract not available'Twenty-one species of Megalastrum are here recognised for Central America. A dichotomous indented key is given to identify the species, and each species is provided with a description, complete synonymy, discussion, specimens examined, and illustrations. Eight new species are described: Megalastrum apicale R. C. Moran & J. Prado, M. costipubens R. C. Moran & J. Prado, M. glabrum R. C. Moran & J. Prado, M. gompholepis R. C. Moran & J. Prado, M. intermedium R. C. Moran & J. Prado, M. longiglandulosum R. C. Moran & J. Prado, M. mexicanum R. C. Moran & J. Prado, and M. sparsipilosum R. C. Moran & J. Prado. Two new combinations are made: M. galeottii (M. Martens) R. C. Moran & J. Prado and M. heydei (C. Chr.) R. C. Moran & J. Prado. The central mountains of Costa Rica and Panama are the most species-rich region in Central America, harbouring 15 species, 10 of which are endemic.'Abstract not available'Species richness, community composition and ecology of cryptogamic epiphytes (bryophytes, macrolichens) were studied in upper montane primary, early secondary and late secondary oak forests of the Cordillera de Talamanca, Costa Rica. Canopy trees of Quercus copeyensis were sampled with the aim of getting insight in patterns and processes of epiphyte succession and recovery of diversity in secondary forest following forest clearing. Species richness of cryptogamic epiphytes in secondary and primary forests were nearly the same, showing that primary forests are not necessarily more diverse than secondary forests. High species richness of secondary forests was presumed due to the closed canopy, resulting in permanently high atmospheric humidity in these forests. Similarity in species composition of secondary and primary forests increases with forest age, but after of succession one third (46 species) of primary forest species had not re-established in the secondary forest. Community composition in primary and secondary forests differed markedly and indicates that a long time is needed for the re-establishment of microhabitats and re-invasion of species and communities adapted to differentiated niches. Genera and species exclusive to primary forests are relevant as indicator taxa and conservation targets. Forty percent (68 species) of all species recorded are restricted to secondary forests, indicating the important contribution of secondary forest diversity to total species richness of the oak forests of Costa Rica.''Larvae of almost all of the 5,680 species of the insect order Odonata (dragonflies and damselflies) are dependent on freshwater habitats. Both larvae and adults are predators. The order is relatively well studied, and the actual number of species may be close to 7,000. Many species have small distributional ranges, and are habitat specialists, including inhabitants of alpine mountain bogs, seepage areas in tropical rain forests, and waterfalls. They are often successfully used as indicators for environmental health and conservation management. The highest diversity is found in flowing waters in rain forests of the tropics, the Oriental and Neotropical regions being the most speciose. This paper discusses diversity, summarises the biogeography of dragonflies in the different biogeographical regions and gives the total number of species and genera per family per biogeographical region. Examples are given of areas of particular diversity, in terms of areas of endemism, presence of ancient lineages or remarkable recent radiations but no well-based review of areas with high endemism of dragonflies is available so far. The conservation status of dragonflies is briefly discussed. Species confined to small remnants of forest in the tropics are most under threat of extinction by human activities.''This work investigates the Polylepis-dominated forests in the high Andes of central and southern Bolivia, using both the Braun-Blanquet approach and multivariate analysis. These are among the highest altitude forest types in the world, and the region under study is a center of diversity for the genus, and is located at the confluence of four biogeographical provinces. Nine main plant communities were distinguished. Correspondence Analysis revealed a strong dependence of community composition primarily on biogeographic as well as on bioclimatic features. The greatest forest type diversity is found in the central part of the Cordillera Oriental in the Tropical pluviseasonal bioclimate, within a Supratropical thermotype and a Subhumid ombrotype.'Abstract not available'The South American coati Nasua nasua is a relatively common species throughout the Neotropical region. Despite this, ecological information on the species, including its biological interactions and habitat use, is scarce, especially for the Andes. In some regions, Nasua nasua is sympatric with other closely related species of the Procyonidae family, including the mountain coati Nasuella olivacea. Here, we assess the influence of environmental and anthropogenic factors on the occupancy of these two species and the spatial and temporal bases of their co-occurrence along an elevational gradient. Camera trapping (with 85 camera-trap stations) was conducted during the dry season of 2016 along elevations from 1600 to 3600 m above sea level (m. a. s. l.) in northern Peru. We observed a total of 244 detections for Nasua nasua and 17 for Nasuella olivacea over 9457 cumulative camera-days. Occupancy modelling (Royle-Nichols model) showed that Nasua nasua occupancy was significantly and negatively related to elevation but positively related to forest cover. In contrast, Nasuella olivacea occupancy was significantly and positively related to elevation. In addition, Nasuella olivacea was detected in only 5 of the 45 total sites occupied by Nasua nasua; therefore, spatial overlap was low. Consequently, co-occurrence modelling based on a Bayesian approach showed no evidence of avoidance between the two coati species. Additionally, activity patterns suggest low levels of temporal overlap; however, we consider this a preliminary finding due to the limited number of detections for Nasuella olivacea. Our results not only increase the understanding of the ecology of both Nasua nasua and Nasuella olivacea but also provide information towards their conservation in this part of their distribution range.''Nutrients constrain the soil carbon cycle in tropical forests, but we lack knowledge on how these constraints vary within the soil microbial community. Here, we used in situ fertilization in a montane tropical forest and in two lowland tropical forests on contrasting soil types to test the principal hypothesis that there are different nutrient constraints to different groups of microorganisms during the decomposition of cellulose. We also tested the hypotheses that decomposers shift from nitrogen to phosphorus constraints from montane to lowland forests, respectively, and are further constrained by potassium and sodium deficiency in the western Amazon. Cellulose and nutrients (nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, sodium, and combined) were added to soils in situ, and microbial growth on cellulose (phospholipid fatty acids and ergosterol) and respiration were measured. Microbial growth on cellulose after single nutrient additions was highest following nitrogen addition for fungi, suggesting nitrogen as the primary limiting nutrient for cellulose decomposition. This was observed at all sites, with no clear shift in nutrient constraints to decomposition between lowland and montane sites. We also observed positive respiration and fungal growth responses to sodium and potassium addition at one of the lowland sites. However, when phosphorus was added, and especially when added in combination with other nutrients, bacterial growth was highest, suggesting that bacteria out-compete fungi for nitrogen where phosphorus is abundant. In summary, nitrogen constrains fungal growth and cellulose decomposition in both lowland and montane tropical forest soils, but additional nutrients may also be of critical importance in determining the balance between fungal and bacterial decomposition of cellulose.''High rainfall and its seasonal distribution cause periodic flooding of large areas in tropical South America. Floods result from lateral overflow of streams and rivers, or from sheet-flooding by rains as a consequence of poor drainage. Depending upon the size of the catchment area, flooding can occur with one peak (e.g., in the Amazon River and its large affluents) or in many peaks (e.g., in streams and small rivers).Vegetation cover of floodplains varies from different types of savannas and aquatic macrophyte communities to forests depending upon the hydrologic regime and local rainfall. Large differences exist in primary and secondary production due to large differences in nutrient levels in water and soils.An attempt is made to characterize the floodplains according to their hydrologic regimes, vegetation cover and nutrient status. The areal extent of different types of floodplains is estimated. The human impact is also evaluated.''The tuberous legume Pachyrhizus tuberosus is found in cultivation sporadically throughout the tropical lowlands of South America. As a result of field studies conducted in Bolivia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela, three distinct cultivar groups have been identified. Rare references presenting further evidence in support of this grouping, and yielding information on the cultivation history, are reviewed. The differences in morphology, agricultural practices, tuberous root quality and uses have been studied, as has the linguistic evidence of the origin and domestication processes. The herbarium and live material have been subjected to multivariate analyses in order to establish which easily observable phenotypic characters can be used in the identification of the three cultivar groups. This paper reports on the analysis of 23 morphological characteristics from 31 P. tuberosus cultivar records. The considerable potential of this cultivar/landrace complex and the possibilities of establishing in situ conservation initiatives are discussed.''Documenting patterns of published studies on the biodiversity of megadiverse countries can offer valuable insights on global biodiversity knowledge. Here, I present results from a bibliometric analysis of 5,264 indexed publications on biodiversity in Colombia published during the period and gathered by searching the Web of Knowledge database. I classified studies into six overlapping subjects: taxa lists, new taxa, new records, conservation, genetic diversity, and other. Publications were also classified by geographic location and the taxonomic group studied. I found variation in the number of studies per year, which presented a long-term trend of increasing volume. The 31 continental departments of Colombia and both the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans were represented in the studies, which included 98 taxonomic classes from 47 phyla. However, there were strong biases in taxonomic, geographic, and subject coverage. For instance, of studies focused on animals; and the Atlantic Ocean showed the highest number of studies, followed by Antioquia and Valle del Cauca departments. Genetic diversity and conservation were the least-studied subjects. I also found that Colombian researchers and Colombian institutions have played an important role in documenting the outstanding biodiversity. However, Colombian biologists still prefer to publish in domestic or Latin American journals, which are mainly regional and have low international visibility. The patterns I present here can have important implications for optimizing and guiding research on Colombian biodiversity, and the paper concludes with some recommendations.''In National Park (HNP), Peru, grazing and anthropogenic burning have been interacting for decades with natural ignitions and climate variability to reconfigure the fire regimes of the vegetative communities. However, over the last few decades, human alterations to the fire regime were perceived by resource managers to have led to an overall increase in fire occurrence and fire extent. Resource managers are now very concerned about the impacts of increasing anthropogenic fires in the National Park because these fires seem to disrupt ecological processes and tourism. To test these beliefs and examine the fire activity from 2002 to 2014, we used a time series of several different data products including the MODIS Terra and Aqua platforms (Active Fire and Burned Area) as well as local air temperature and precipitation data. The intra-annual distribution of fires in the HNP and its buffer zone (BZ) showed a consistent increase in the number of active fires and burned areas during the dry season (Peruvian winter). The active fire anomalies showed higher fire activity in the HNP over the period 2002 to 2014. However, burned area anomalies showed consistently higher fire activity in the BZ during the high fire years in 2003, 2005, 2010, and 2014. The spatial distribution of areas burned in the HNP and the BZ from 2002 to 2014 showed that most recurrent burning was inside the BZ, which is in compliance with the policy but in contradiction with local resource perceptions. Although human activity may influence local fire dynamics, fire responses seemed to be mainly influenced by local climate oscillations. Our results suggest a clear fire response to local climate and, in particular, to precipitation variability. However, it appears that there was a low fire return interval for any given location and that the total area burned for a given year is relatively small. Therefore, small-scale fires created an appearance of larger fire impacts than actually occur within the HNP and its BZ. In this instance, fire perception and fire reality are not aligning and the new challenge for resource managers is how best to reconcile these two factors to more effectively manage the parklands.''The forests of Colombia are influenced by the actions of armed groups and, in many cases, their settlers are economically dependent on illicit crops. Up to the present armed conflict has simultaneously discouraged organized exploitation in some frontier areas, and encouraged unsustainable use of natural resources therein. The Colombian government seeks to end the conflict by pursuing peace negotiations, and to eradicate illicit crops. How will these policies affect the forests? The environmental consequences of these policies are not only dependent on the unlikely economic success of alternative development, but on making informed decisions about infrastructure development in affected areas.''Cotton, sugarcane, rice, maize, yuca, bananas, flax and olives grow on the coastal lowlands; oca, ullucu, quinua and temperate climate fruit trees in the mountains; cinchona, coffee, mahogany, Spanish cedar, palms, bamboo and in the forested montana.'"Island tropical montane cloud forests may be among the most sensitive of the world's ecosystems to global climate change. Measurements in and above a montane cloud forest on East Maui, Hawaii, document steep microclimatic gradients. Relatively small climate-driven shifts in patterns of atmospheric circulation are likely to trigger major local changes in rainfall, cloud cover, and humidity. Increased interannual variability in precipitation and hurricane incidence would provide additional stresses on island biota that are highly vulnerable to disturbance-related invasion of non-native species. Because of the exceptional sensitivity of these microclimates and forests to change, they may provide valuable for detecting the onset of human-induced global climate change."'We address the question to which degree ridge habitats in tropical montane forests contribute to overall plant diversity by analysing patterns of pteridophyte (i.e. lycophytes and ferns) assemblages on ridges and slopes in three montane forest sites near Podocarpus National Park, Ecuador. The analyses, which involved 158 pteridophyte species (110 terrestrial, 96 epiphytic, 48 both) from 28 plots of (or an equivalent of showed that more species were typical of one of the three study sites than of one of the two habitats (ridge/slope). As found in previous studies, alpha diversity on ridges was lower than on slopes, accounted for by the absence of numerous species that are found on slopes. Pteridophyte assemblages on ridges were more similar across study sites than those on slopes. Thus, unlike the structurally comparable (i.e. stunted, open) Amazonian forests, the studied montane ridge forests harbour fairly homogenous pteridophytes assemblages with very few specialised species. Our study implies that slope forests are of higher conservation priority for pteridophytes in the study region than ridge habitats. However, comparative studies are needed because other geographical regions and other groups of organisms may not share this pattern.'Atlantic Forest encompasses a high level of biodiversity, endemism and degradation; hence, it is a biome of particular interest for biological conservation. We aimed to investigate the actual geographic distribution of tree species and, among the indicator species of each vegetation type, the conservation status and potential distribution of each species along a vegetation gradient of the Subtropical Atlantic Forest. We analysed the relative constancy to determine their actual distribution, obtained 21 indicator species of the different vegetation types and modelled their potential distribution using the maximum entropy algorithm. The potential distribution models were pooled to yield a single map, which was used to predict the distribution of climatic suitability for these species in South America. Our results showed that the actual geographic distribution is restricted for most species Araucaria angustifolia and Euterpe edulis were categorized as threatened species. The sum of the indicator-species maps showed reduced climatic suitability across most of South America. The southern region of Brazil and the southeastern Brazilian highlands, as well as a few areas of seasonal forests on higher elevations of the Bolivian and Andean Piedmont, exhibited the best climatic suitability. Elevation was the most important variable in our models. Given the concerning level of forest degradation and the presence of endangered and geographic restricted species, our results are a relevant contribution to biodiversity conservation in the Subtropical Atlantic Forest areas, highlighting their floristic and environmental uniqueness and, therefore, the urgent necessity of preserving their biological heritage.''Design and redesign of water quality monitoring networks were evaluated for two similarly sized watersheds in the tropical Andes via optimization techniques using geographic information system technology (GIS) and a matter-element analysis of 5-day biological oxygen demand (BOD5) and total suspended solids (TSS). This resulted in a flexible, objectively based design for a 1128-km2 watershed without prior water quality data (La Miel River), and a network redesign of a 1052-km2 watershed with historical water quality monitoring River). Monitoring design for the undocumented basin incorporated mathematical expressions for physical, anthropological, and historical was based on clear objectives for diagnosis and intervention of water pollution. Network redesign identified network redundancy, which resulted in a 64% reduction in the number of water quality monitoring stations along the channel, and a 78% reduction of stations throughout the basin. Most tropical drainage basins throughout the world have little to no prior water quality data. But even in well-studied drainage basins like the River, which is among the most thoroughly studied basins in Colombia, redesign of historical and existing monitoring networks will become a standard tool to advance the restoration of polluted surface waters, not only in Colombia, but also throughout the world.''Activity patterns of mammals are shaped by abiotic pressures and biotic interactions. Here, we describe the daily activity pattern of the northern tiger cat Leopardus tigrinus in semiarid drylands, an Endangered species in Brazil, and test its overlap with those of potential prey, small mammals and ground birds. Also, we test the effect of the lunar phase on the synchrony of the predator-prey interactions. Camera trap data were obtained from ten areas in the Caatinga of the Rio Grande do Norte state, totalling a sampling effort of 7271 camera-days. The northern tiger cat activity pattern was primarily nocturnal, although it shows a considerable crepuscular activity and some daytime activity. Results suggest a high activity overlap with small mammals, that were strongly nocturnal, but a low activity overlap with ground birds that were diurnal and crepuscular. The lunar cycle did not affect the activity of the northern tiger cat, but changed the activity of small mammals, which were most active during new moon phase. A feeding study performed in another geographic region of the Caatinga suggests, in contrast, that northern tiger cats should have a higher activity during the day or during the crepuscular period. Our results suggest that the stressful conditions of the day period in the Caatinga drylands, the virtual absence of nocturnal top predators in our study area, and the higher availability of small mammals during the night are propably shaping the activity pattern of the northern tiger cat. Our study contributes to enlarge our knowledge on the behavioural ecology of a threatened small cat providing one of the first insight on its predator-prey interactions.''The biodiversity hotspot concept was defined by Myers in 1988 to determine priority areas for conservation. They have high endemism levels and have lost more than 70% of their original vegetated area. To date, there is little information on arthropod diversity in these zones. This work focuses on the biodiversity of the Phytoseiidae (Acari), one of the best known among the order Mesostigmata, in these threatened areas. These mites are usually predators and they are worldwide spread. Geographic distribution of phytoseiids in 27 biodiversity hostspots was assessed from data of the last world catalogue published in 2004. One thousand two hundred and thirty species are reported from at least one hotspot (62% of the total species number) and 604 species (30% of the total species number) are endemic to the 27 hotspots considered. The number of reports/publication in hotspot areas (2.6) is higher than in non-hotspot zones (1.5). Hotspots areas could be thus considered as a great reservoir of the Phytoseiidae diversity, just as they are for vertebrates and plants. Correlations between plant, vertebrate, mite diversity and endemism, as well as congruence rates between endemism levels of these three organisms suggest that the biodiversity patterns of plants and vertebrates mirror well those of the Phytoseiidae (both for endemicity and species richness). More intense conservation efforts in biodiversity hotspots would thus be assumed to affect plant and vertebrate biodiversity, as already known, but also arthropod biodiversity, as it was assumed. These results further support thus the importance of these zones in biodiversity conservation, even for organisms like mites, very small and poorly studied in this regards. More data on arthropods are, however, required to confirm these preliminary observations.''High in the Central Andes, wetlands important to people and wildlife occur as medium to small patches within vast montane grasslands. Determining the effects of projected climate change on these high Andean wetlands is hindered by the lack of fine-scale environmental data. We used remote sensing data to develop an estimate of approximately 2.5% for wetland habitat in the study region. Assessing the potential effects of climate change relied on two assumptions. First, mean annual rainfall is an essential variable in the occurrence of wetlands within the semi-arid climate of the high Andes. Second, climate change projections indicate a decrease in mean annual rainfall within the study region. In our linear regression model the projected decrease in annual rainfall resulted in a total wetland loss for watersheds within most semi-arid parts of the study region. Here, we provide quantitative data for Andean wetlands to inform conservation and land use decisions. Our study results also suggest that conservation efforts should focus on a more integrative approach including smaller wetlands at the watershed level as well as regions outside protected areas.''South American archaeologists use the term landscape to analyze a broad range of relationships. Examples include intensive agriculture and political power, myth and place, and climate change and cultural development. Landscape archaeology is necessarily spatial analysis, but scholars work at different scales and use different methods. This essay highlights the influence of geography, anthropology, and new methodologies on four definitions of landscape: ecological habitat, built environment, a stage for performance, and integrating subsistence and settlement. In a number of cases, landscape archaeologists, stakeholders, and researchers from different traditions work at different scales to meaningfully share information, clarify their differences, and compare their analyses and conclusions.''A method for the identification, mapping and evaluation of integrated environmental units is described. This method is applied to the assessment and zoning of a biosphere reserve, in order to establish guidelines for the distribution of conservation and management actions. The method, based on the definition of units according to observable features, enables the diagnosis of qualities of interest for planning and management, with results that can be reproduced by different operators, if certain initial criteria are accepted. Using these criteria, initial descriptive maps can be transformed into prescriptive maps which provide the basis for management decisions.The nature and distribution of the units present in the area is shown. The allocation of land-use activities obtained using the criteria indicated above provides the basis for economic assessment of development plans. A series of conservation and development actions are proposed for the reserve.'"A general index of the second 25 volumes of 'Kulturpflanze' (Genetic Resources and Crop Evolution) is provided. Its predecessor covered the first 25 volumes of the periodical 'Die Kulturpflanze' and appeared in 1977. The index can be considered as a unique source for research in plant genetic resources."'The alpha-diversity of trees found in the region of Manaus, Brazil is among the highest recorded for one-hectare plots in Amazonia or any tropical forest. Based on a survey of the distributions of 2541 Neotropical tree species, we analyzed the geographic distribution of 364 species of terra firme forest trees that occur in the region and that are not edaphic specialists. Fifteen distinct distribution patterns were recognized for trees occurring in Manaus. The great majority of species (84.9%) have continuous, somewhat restricted distributions, 35 (9.6%) show broad distributions and 20 species (5.5%) show disjunction between Amazonia and Eastern Brazil. A remarkable 150 (41.2%) of these species showed the region of Manaus as one of their distribution limits. Using the same pool of 2541 species distributions, the percentage of species with a distribution limit in Manaus was compared with that for other localities known to be centers of botanical collection. The null hypothesis that the difference in proportion of species with distribution limits among these localities and Manaus is insignificant was rejected. We conclude that the results are not an artifact of collecting density, that Manaus is indeed a crossroads of distinct phytogeographic regions, and that this explains part of the high species diversity of trees in the region of Manaus. A number of scenarios proposed for the Pleistocene in Amazonia postulate some degree of fragmentation of Amazonian forests or at least populations. As much as these theories may conflict with each other in some respects, they are compatible with the concept of Manaus as a region of re-convergence of isolated or disrupted floras and faunas. The significance of the vicinity of Manaus in the history of the Amazon flora and its current status as a repository for surprisingly high tree diversity highlights the need to make this region a conservation priority.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available"Tropical forest conversion, shiftingcultivation and clearing of secondary vegetation makesignificant contributions to global emissions ofgreenhouse gases today, and have the potential forlarge additional emissions in future decades. Globally, an estimated t of biomasscarbon of these types is exposed to burning annually,of which t is emitted to the atmospherethrough combustion and t is converted tocharcoal (including t C of blackcarbon). The amount of biomass exposed to burningincludes aboveground remains that failed to burn ordecompose from clearing in previous years, andtherefore exceeds the t of abovegroundbiomass carbon cleared on average each year. Above-and belowground carbon emitted annually throughdecomposition processes totals t C. Atotal gross emission (including decomposition ofunburned aboveground biomass and of belowgroundbiomass) of t C year-1 resultsfrom clearing primary (nonfallow) and secondary(fallow) vegetation in the tropics. Adjustment fortrace gas emissions using IPCC Second AssessmentReport 100-year integration global warming potentialsmakes this equivalent to t ofCO2-equivalent carbon under a low trace gasscenario and t under a high trace gasscenario. Of these totals, t (31%)is the result of biomass burning under the low tracegas scenario and t (39%) under thehigh trace gas scenario. The net emissions from allclearing of natural vegetation and of secondaryforests (including both biomass and soil fluxes) t C, equivalent to t of CO2-equivalent carbon. Adding emissions t C from land-use category changesother than deforestation brings the total for land-usechange (not considering uptake of intact forest,recurrent burning of savannas or fires in intactforests) to t C, equivalent to t of CO2-equivalent carbon. The totalnet emission of carbon from the tropical land usesconsidered here t C year-1)calculated for the period is 50% higherthan the t C year-1 value used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. The inferred (= `missing') sink in the global carbonbudget is larger than previously thought. However,about half of the additional source suggested here maybe offset by a possible sink in uptake by Amazonianforests. Both alterations indicate that continueddeforestation would produce greater impact on globalcarbon emissions. The total net emission of carboncalculated here indicates a major global warmingimpact from tropical land uses, equivalent toapproximately 29% of the total anthropogenic emissionfrom fossil fuels and land-use change."'The spotted owl (Strix occidentalis) is a threatened species in many areas of its western North American range. Concomitant with its decline has been a rapid invasion of its range and habitat by barred owls (Strix varia), a native species that was restricted, until relatively recently, to eastern North America. We assess the theoretical potential for negative interactions between these two owls by examining size dimorphism and ecological relationships within various owl assemblages throughout the world. We then review the anecdotal, natural history, modeling, and experimental evidence that suggest barred owls may negatively affect spotted owls with at least a potential for the competitive exclusion of spotted owls by barred owls throughout all or part of the range. While it is widely accepted that barred owls are either causing or exacerbating declines of spotted owl populations, there are confounding factors, such as habitat loss and bad weather that also may contribute to declines of spotted owls. Both theory and empirical information suggest that barred owls are likely to have negative effects on spotted owl range and density, but the degree of the impact is not predictable. There is a conservation conundrum here, in that the barred owl is a native species that has expanded its range westwards, either naturally or with a degree of human facilitation, and now constitutes a major threat to the viability of another native species, the threatened spotted owl. We propose that only through carefully designed experiments involving removal of barred owls will we be able to determine if recent declines in spotted owl populations are caused by barred owls or by other factors. It is rare in conservation science that replicate study areas exist for which we also have long-standing demographic information, as is the case with the spotted owl. Removal experiments would take advantage of the wealth of data on spotted owls, and allow ecologists to assess formally the impacts of an invasive species on a threatened species, as well as to suggest mitigation measures.''Empirical testing of the hypotheses for speciation, namely, allopatric (refugia model) and parapatric (gradient model) models, has been attempted using molecular phylogenetic methods by a case study on several groups of closely related species of small mammals inhabiting the Ethiopian Plateau. Comparison of the results with the available literature data on other ground vertebrates of tropical mountains has allowed us to demonstrate groundlessness of the currently popular concept on the significant role of parapatric speciation in formation of modern tropical biodiversity. It has been shown that a marked partition of altitudinal gradient by relatively close ground vertebrate species of tropical mountains in the majority of cases is secondary in nature and is not connected with the specific mode of their origination.''It is commonly presumed that plant respiratory CO2 release increases with increasing temperature. However, we report on very contrasting stem CO2 release relationships of trees in a species-rich tropical montane forest of southern Ecuador under dry and wet season conditions. Rates of were low and completely uncoupled from the dial temperature regime during the humid season. In contrast, during the dry season, was generally higher and temperature sensitivity of differed greatly in degree and even in the direction of response, indicating that temperature might not be the only determinant of In order to explain the heterogeneity of we related to vapour pressure deficit, wind speed and solar radiation as important abiotic drivers influencing transpiration and photosynthesis. Stepwise multiple regression analyses with these meteorological predictors either were biased by high collinearity of the independent variables or could not enhance the ability to explain the variability of We assume maintenance respiration to dominate under humid conditions unfavourable for energy acquisition of the tree, thus explaining the pronounced uncoupling of from atmospheric parameters. In contrast, the drier and hotter climate of the dry season seems to favour via enhanced assimilatory substrate delivery and stem respiratory activity as well as elevated xylem sap CO2 imports with increased transpiration. In addition, tree individual differences in the temperature responses of may mirror diverging climatic adaptations of co-existing moist forest tree species which have their distribution centre either at higher or lower elevations.''Large-scale changes in land use are occurring in many tropical regions, with significant impacts on nitrogen and phosphorus biogeochemistry. In this study we examine the relationships between land use, anthropogenic nutrient inputs, and riverine nutrient exports in a major agricultural watershed of the Pacific coast of South America, the Guayas River basin of Ecuador. We present comprehensive nutrient budgets for nitrogen (N) and phosphorous (P) for the Guayas River basin and 10 sub-watersheds. We quantify the four major anthropogenic nutrient fluxes into and out of the region: N and P fertilizer application, N fixation by leguminous crops, net import/export of N and P in agricultural products (food and feed), and atmospheric deposition. We also estimate inputs of N from biological N fixation in forests and of P from weathering sources in soils and bedrock. The sum of these sources represents net inputs of N and P to each watershed region. Overall, synthetic fertilizers are the largest input to the Guayas Basin for N (53%) and P (57%), and the largest outputs are N and P in crops. Losses of N and P in river export account for of total N and P inputs, and there is significant accumulation of N and P, or unmeasured forms of N and P export, in most of the sub-basins. Nutrient balances are indicative of the sustainability of land use practices in a region, where a negative balance of N or P indicates nutrient depletion and subsequent loss of soil fertility, yield, and economic viability. Although the nutrient balance of the entire Guayas Basin is positive, there are negative or near zero balances in two sub-watersheds with extensive banana, coffee and permanent crops. In these basins, degradation of soil quality may be occurring due to these net nutrient losses. Our data show that nutrients are leaving the basin primarily as export crops, with riverine losses of nutrients smaller than crop exports. Nonetheless, there is a direct relationship between nutrient inputs and river outputs, suggesting that agricultural management practices in the basin may have direct impacts on N and P delivery to the highly productive Guayas estuary.''Gametophyte morphology of tropical epiphytic ferns may confer an advantage for establishment on islands. Most tropical, epiphytic ferns belong to five families: Hymenophyllaceae, Grammitidaceae, Vittariaceae, Polypodiaceae, and Elaphoglossaceae. Gametophytes of these families are long-lived and clone-forming. In addition, most Hymenophyllaceae, Grammitidaceae, and Vittariaceae produce dispersible gemmae. Each of these characteristics increases opportunity for outbreeding, and when island floras are statistically compared with floras of adjacent mainlands, island floras are found to be rich in epiphytic species possessing gemmae (Hymenophyllaceae, Grammitidaceae, and Vittariaceae), and depauperate in epiphytic species lacking gemmae (Polypodiaceae and Elaphoglossaceae). We propose that gametophytic gemmae significantly aid long-distance colonization of outbreeding species because gemmae 1) allow gametophytes to exploit available niches through dispersal of gemmae, and through clonal expansion and persistence of the resulting gametophyte, and 2) facilitate sexual reproduction by providing the opportunity for sperm and antheridiogen transfer when gametophytes are distant, and by providing a new source of tissue for antheridia formation.''Geological events, such as the rising of the Andes and the completion of the Isthmus of Panama (linking North and South America) have induced the end or the beginning of geographical barriers, as well as the establishment of environmental conditions that can limit or extend distribution. These events seem to be related with the diversification of the tent-making bats, genus Uroderma (Chiroptera: Phyllostomidae). In the present study, different methodological approaches were applied to reconstruct the evolutionary history of Uroderma, through the estimation of a diversification time-frame, dispersal routes, and to determine the origin of its hybrid zone in Central America. We analyzed sequences from the mitochondrial gene Cytochrome b (Cyt-b). Phylogenetic relationships between species were estimated using maximum parsimony and Bayesian inference approaches, we reconstructed the biogeographic history of the genus, divergence times for the splitting events were determined, and demographic history of species involved in the hybrid zone (U. convexum and U. davisi) was estimated. The Central Andes was identified as a center of diversification for Uroderma during the Late Miocene Mya), and Central America for the most recent common ancestor of U. convexum and U. bakeri + U. davisi, which migrated though a stepping stone model before the completion of the Isthmus of Panama (3.8 Mya; 95%, Higuest Posterior Distribution [HPD] Mya); Central America was recovered as the distribution of MRCA of U. bakeri and U. davisi, and its split dated to the late Pliocene - Quaternary (2.8 Mya, Mya). The diversification of Uroderma is a series of recent events that involved dispersal episodes across extreme barriers (Panama Canal and the highlands of the northern Andes), with potential for population expansion and retreats, explaining the current distribution of the species.''Environmental radionuclides (40K, 137Cs, 210Pb, 226Ra) were determined in soils under semi-arid stands, a transition area from thorn to deciduous forest in El Angolo, and heath stands in the Alto Mayo in Northern Peru in order to elucidate their activity level in soil, and to trace underground environment in remote areas of little anthropogenic intervention. Anthropogenic 137Cs was only found in the uppermost portion of the soils in small amount, whereas the 210Pb activity was exceptionally high at the soil surfaces in a tropical stand of Alto Mayo. The results suggest a fallout nuclide, 210Pb, having been transported from local source(s) not to be specified yet.''In tropical ecosystems with highly weathered soils, transformation of organic phosphorus (P) to bioavailable inorganic P plays a crucial role for the nutrition of organisms. In these ecosystems, P is suspected to be growth-limiting and might therefore be affected by atmospheric nutrient deposition occurring even in remote areas such as montane rainforests. We assessed effects of P and nitrogen (N) addition on net and gross P mineralization rates, and microbial P immobilization in the organic layer along an altitudinal gradient of a tropical montane rainforest in Ecuador. Net P mineralization rates amounted to (at a.s.l.), (at and (at Altitudinal differences led to an increased microbial P immobilization at compensating for a higher gross P mineralization. P addition increased net P mineralization rates at 2000 and suggesting a higher P demand at At higher altitudes, P likely was released as a by-product during organic matter decomposition. Gross P mineralization, determined by means of the isotopic dilution approach, could not be calculated for control and N treatments due to rapid microbial P immobilization. For P (+N) treatments, gross P mineralization rates were lowest at the site towards the end of the long-term incubation period. Atmospheric P deposition in the tropics might lead to P fertilization effects through direct input as well as through acceleration of P release from organic matter, thereby increasing P availability for organisms.''Little is known about partitioning of soil water resources in species-rich, seasonally dry tropical forests. We assessed spatial and temporal patterns of soil water utilization in several canopy tree species on Barro Colorado Island, Panama, during the 1997 dry season. Stable hydrogen isotope composition of xylem and soil water, soil volumetric water content and sap flow were measured concurrently. Evaporative fractionation near the soil surface caused soil water to decrease from about at 0.1 m to to at 1.2 m depth. Groundwater sampled at the sources of nearby springs during this period yielded an average value of increased sharply and nearly linearly with depth to 0.7 m, then increased more slowly between 0.7 and 1.05 m. Based on xylem values, water uptake in some individual plants appeared to be restricted largely to the upper 20 cm of the soil profile where dropped below 20% during the dry season. In contrast, other individuals appeared to have access to water at depths greater than 1 m where remained above 45% throughout the dry season. The depths of water sources for trees with intermediate xylem values were less certain because variation in soil water between 20 and 70 cm was relatively small. Xylem water was also strongly dependent on tree size (diameter at breast height), with smaller trees appearing to preferentially tap deeper sources of soil water than larger trees. This relationship appeared to be species independent. Trees able to exploit progressively deeper sources of soil water during the dry season, as indicated by increasingly negative xylem values, were also able to maintain constant or even increase rates of water use. Seasonal courses of water use and soil water partitioning were associated with leaf phenology. Species with the smallest seasonal variability in leaf fall were also able to tap increasingly deep sources of soil water as the dry season progressed. Comparison of xylem, soil, and groundwater values thus pointed to spatial and temporal partitioning of water resources among several tropical forest canopy tree species during the dry season.''Biogeographic comparisons help to identify similarities, differences, larger contexts, and useful hypotheses. Between the (extra-tropical) Northern and Southern Hemispheres taxonomy differs almost completely, but other useful bases for vegetation comparison include phenophysiognomy, form composition and vegetation architecture, subphysiognomic morphology, environmental limits of plant types, taxonomic richness, and some aspects of function. All major biome types occur in both hemispheres except the boreal forests and analogous montane coniferous forests of the Northern Hemisphere. Some vegetation and plant types appear clearly unique, including Eucalyptus, campo cerrado, and flat-cushions such as Azorella, all of these in the Southern Hemisphere. Different but parallel adaptations to different but analogous conditions include the tall submediterranean forests, temperate rainforests, and continental versus maritime temperate deserts. Climatic limits appear similar in the two hemispheres, but mechanisms for some differences remain unresolved. Per unit land area, the Southern Hemisphere has higher annual net primary productivity than the Northern. Dissimilar analogs continue to suggest hypotheses and research questions.''High plant diversity in the tropics results in leaf litter of widely differing quality that may affect litter breakdown rates in streams. The effects of leaf toughness and nitrogen content on litter breakdown rates and macroinvertebrate colonization were investigated in Tai Po Kau Forest Stream, Hong Kong during dry seasons in 3 different years, using 7 species of leaves (Arundinaria shiuyingiana, Ficus fistulosa, Indocalamus sinicus, Liquidambar formosana, Livistona chinensis, Melaleuca quinquenervia, Pandanus furcatus) with contrasting characteristics. Liquidambar formosana (Hamamelidaceae) was included as a benchmark species (for comparison) in all 3 dry seasons, but the identity of the other leaf species varied among years. There was no significant inter-year difference in breakdown rates of L. formosana. Leaf toughness was the primary determinant of breakdown rates, which were negatively correlated with leaf strength. Soft leaves had faster breakdown rates than tough leaves, irrespective of their nitrogen content. Collector-gatherers dominated (>60% of individuals) macroinvertebrate assemblages on litter, and obligate shredders were scarce Toughness and nitrogen content of leaves were not good predictors of the composition of litter-associated macroinvertebrate assemblages, which were similar among leaf species studied within the same season. There were, however, small but significant inter-year variations in macroinvertebrate assemblages on L. formosana litter, mainly due to changes in predator abundance. The absence of a deterministic link between leaf quality and macroinvertebrate assemblage composition suggests that litter served as a substrate rather than a food source for macroinvertebrates, and may account for the scarcity of shredders in tropical streams.''Eleven provenances and 132 open-pollinated families of Pinus chiapensis were established at six locations in Brazil, Colombia, and South Africa and assessed for height, volume, and forking percent at five and eight years of age. Provenance site and family site interactions were examined in a subset of three trials with 38 open-pollinated families in common. Average volume production of P. chiapensis in Colombia and South Africa was 25 m3/ha/yr and 12 m3/ha/yr, respectively, at eight years of age. Provenance and family differences for height and volume were significant at the individual test sites at eight years of age. The La Trinidad (Chiapas) source was the most productive. Forking percent ranged from 3% in South Africa to 38% in San Jose, Colombia at eight years. Provenance site interactions were significant for forking but not for height and volume. Family site interactions were significant for height and volume but not for forking. Forty-six percent of the interaction variance between height and location was contributed by only six families. Height/diameter ratios for P. chiapensis were 0.29 and 0.39 in Colombia and South Africa, respectively, and significantly different.''Airborne light detection and ranging (LiDAR) is fast turning the corner from demonstration technology to a key tool for assessing carbon stocks in tropical forests. With its ability to penetrate tropical forest canopies and detect three-dimensional forest structure, LiDAR may prove to be a major component of international strategies to measure and account for carbon emissions from and uptake by tropical forests. To date, however, basic ecological information such as allometry and stand-level wood density have not been mechanistically incorporated into methods for mapping forest carbon at regional and global scales. A better incorporation of these structural patterns in forests may reduce the considerable time needed to calibrate airborne data with ground-based forest inventory plots, which presently necessitate exhaustive measurements of tree diameters and heights, as well as tree identifications for wood density estimation. Here, we develop a new approach that can facilitate rapid LiDAR calibration with minimal field data. Throughout four tropical regions (Panama, Peru, Madagascar, and Hawaii), we were able to predict aboveground carbon density estimated in field inventory plots using a single universal LiDAR model This model is comparable in predictive power to locally calibrated models, but relies on limited inputs of basal area and wood density information for a given region, rather than on traditional plot inventories. With this approach, we propose to radically decrease the time required to calibrate airborne LiDAR data and thus increase the output of high-resolution carbon maps, supporting tropical forest conservation and climate mitigation policy.''In situ conservation of crop genetic resources from centers of agricultural diversity is considered. This strategy has been rejected for several reasons, but other factors make it an important potential contributor to the overall conservation effort. Case studies of potato agriculture in Peru, maize agriculture in Mexico, and rice agriculture in Thailand indicate that farmers frequently engage in de facto conservation of landraces. Five principles should guide planning of in situ conservation: complementarity with off-site conservation, minimal institutional development, continuity with existing programs, meeting the development goals of increasing income and food, and accepting germplasm as an international public good. Four means to implement on-site conservation are presented: the institutional framework; the information base; the policy framework; and the role of grassroots organizations.''The great majority of farmers in Latin America are peasants who still farm small plots of land, usually in marginal environments utilizing traditional and subsistence methods. The contribution of the 16 million peasant units to regional food security is, however, substantial. Research has shown that peasant systems, which mostly rely on local resources and complex cropping patterns, are reasonably productive despite their land endowments and low use of external inputs. Moreover analysis of NGO-led agroecological initiatives show that traditional crop and animal systems can be adapted to increase productivity by biologically re-structuring peasant farms which in turn leads to optimization of key agroecosystem processes (nutrient cycling, organic matter accumulation, biological pest regulation, etc.) and efficient use of labor and local resources. Examples of such grassroots projects are herein described to show that agroecological approaches can offer opportunities to substantially increase food production while preserving the natural resource base and empowering rural communities.''Categorizing a species of concern as endangered requires basic information about habitat, population trends, life history, metapopulation structure, and geographic distribution. The Red List and Red Data books of the World Conservation Union (IUCN) are among the most widely used tools to identify species levels of threat. The aim of this paper is to evaluate the endangerment status of the Andean catfish Astroblepus ubidiai (Pellegrin, 1931) based on data about population growth rates, effective population size, abundance, area of occupancy, extent of occurrence, number of subpopulations, and habitat quality assessed through the IUCN criteria. All studied populations of A. ubidiai were categorized as based on the area of occupancy criterion. However threats exist from the perspective of other criteria such as habitat quality, number of adults in the population and effective population size. This paper clarifies some aspects of the taxonomy and the geographic range of this unique high-altitude Andean Siluriforme, and also provides the first description of its basic ecology.''This paper focuses on whether microhabitat selection reduces exposure to cold temperatures in highelevation tropical amphibians. I studied the microhabitat associations and thermal ecology of four anurans (Colostethus subpunctatus, Atelopus sp. nov., Eleutherodactylus bogotensis, and Hyla labialis) that live in the Andes of central Colombia. I compared two populations (3500 m and 2900 m) to evaluate the impact of a change in elevation on microhabitat thermal regimes and frog behavior. Ambient temperatures of frequently used microhabitats (soil surface, retreat sites, bogs, and ponds) were significantly lower at 3500 m. However, for each species the microhabitat associations and general patterns of activity were similar at both elevations. Body temperatures of active frogs were mainly determined by the interaction between microhabitat selection and time of the day, therefore frogs at 3500 m had lower activity temperatures than conspecifics at 2900 m. Terrestrial and diurnal anurans (Atelopus sp. nov.) experienced highly variable activity temperatures. Frogs associated with water bodies (C. subpunctatus, and H. labialis) experienced more moderate and less variable temperatures. Terrestrial, nocturnal frogs (E. bogotensis) exhibited the lowest activity temperatures, and their thermal ecology was strongly affected by increase in altitude. The physical nature of high tropical elevations limits the opportunities for behavioral thermoregulation in amphibians, and increases the importance of physiological adjustments to tolerate a wide thermal range. This may partially explain why only a small number of amphibian species, representing genera that are much more diverse at lower elevations, have been able to exploit these environments.''We take a critical perspective in discussing recent publications on the archaeological study of the ancient state-level societies of Latin America. For some topics, such as intensive agriculture and exchange, data are far ahead of theory, whereas for others (e.g., gender and ethnicity), theory has outstripped data. Craft production, a topic that has achieved a good balance of data and theory, is one of the success stories of recent Latin American archaeology. After a discussion of sources of data, we review these and other topics (e.g., consumption patterns, household studies, social organization) in terms of both data and theory. In a second review article, we cover the topics of politics, religion, urbanism, and the processes of change.'Abstract not available'High-altitude Polylepis besseri woodlands in Bolivia are under increasing threat from human use and disturbance. Currently, there is no information regarding P. besseri growth rates, age structures or the relationship between environmental variables and growth. Such information would be useful for effective management and conservation of the remaining woodlands. We used standard dendrochronological techniques to determine the age and radial growth rates for 23 trees from two Polylepis besseri populations in Sacha Loma (mountains Uypa and Chutu Senega), and investigated the relationship between climate and radial growth. Wood samples exhibited semicircular porosity and visible tree-ring boundaries. The sample trees were young (mean age 40 years, max age 63 years) and growing slowly Trees at Chutu Senega were older and growing more slowly than those at Uypa. The strong linearity of cumulated radial increments suggest that P. besseri may maintain consistent growth rates beyond Our results indicate that radial growth is limited by the accumulation of reserves the year before ring formation, and that a warm period before the growing season (humid period) can increase P. growth in the Bolivian-Tucuman biogeographic Province. It seems that local factors are more important than regional factors in these high Andean woodlands. This study improves our understanding of the biology of Polylepis and demonstrates the usefulness of dendrochronology for investigating the biotic, abiotic and anthropogenic effects on woodlands in areas lacking long term historical data.''Epiphytes play an important role in the flora and ecology of the tropical regions. Most floristic studies within the state of Minas Gerais focus on terrestrial, woody plant diversity, but this is a different approach, looking at epiphytic angiosperms in three highland areas in Southeastern Minas Gerais, namely Mata do (MB), Reserva da Represa do Grama (RBRG) and Parque Estadual de Ibitipoca (PEI). Regular collections were performed in these sites between 1999 and 2007, complemented by herbarium records for PEI, and 181 species of epiphytic angiosperms were recorded in within 12 families. Orchidaceae, with 89 species, was by far the largest, and the most species rich genera were Peperomia (Piperaceae) and (Orchidaceae), with 12 species each. Similarity analysis has shown a closer relationship between MB and RBRG, both composed by seasonal semideciduous forest, however, Jaccard (0.163) index are low. A similarity analysis including other 21 areas of southeastern and southern Brazil revealed strong influence of sazonality, vegetation type and altitude in the composition of the epiphytic flora, and a relative independence regarding the geographic proximity of the areas sampled. From the conservation standpoint, 30 species recorded for this work appear in the red list for the state of Minas Gerais, under different conservation categories. The low similarity indices obtained between the studied areas underline the importance of the conservation of each one of the remaining forest fragments in Minas Gerais, as their relative geographical proximity does not necessarily mean that their epiphytic flora is similar.''Understanding how organisms use disturbed habitats and how that use can be increased is a pivotal question in conservation biology. We analyzed the relationship between upper canopy cover, a measure of disturbance, and habitat occupancy and use by 18 forest bird species in northwest Ecuador. From May 22 to June 28, 2006 we conducted five, 10-min point counts at each of the 28 sites (140 total) representing a gradient of habitat disturbance from 1,285 to in elevation. Both habitat occupancy and use showed strong threshold responses at upper canopy cover with the probability of occupancy increasing from about 0 to 1 and emigration (the probability that a species would stop using the site during the study period) decreasing from about 1 to 0. Bird surveys ended near the beginning of the driest time of year and high levels of emigration in more disturbed areas imply that forest birds stopped using these areas as the dry season approached, possibly due to a shift in food resources. Patterns of habitat use and occupancy suggest that disturbed habitat in the region (which is primarily abandoned pasture) may only be valuable to forest birds after a specific level of regeneration and during certain times of the year.'"The genetic diversity of traditional varieties of crops is the most economically valuable part of global biodiversity and is of paramount importance for future world crop production. The Biodiversity Convention has given a clear mandate for on-farm conservation. However, very little formal research has been done and no agreed set of scientific principles yet exists for on-farm conservation of genetic resources. This lack of scientific knowledge has not prevented an explosion of recommendations on how to conserve agrobiodiversity on-farm and it is possible to identify an emerging paradigm. Through a review of some of the assumptions on which this paradigm is based, we clearly show that if attempts to conserve agrobiodiversity on-farm are based on these misconceptions, they are likely to fail. By assessing the present activities of farmers, we propose a research agenda to increase the diversity available to farmers and to enhance farmers' capacity to manage this diversity dynamically. Increasing genetic diversification, combined with farmers' experimental abilities, and underpinned by the formal system, will ensure greater on-farm conservation of more useful genetic resources."'The purpose of this study is to determine the floristic affinities of pteridophytes between the neotropics and Africa-Madagascar and examine how these affinities might have arisen. We present an annotated list that contains two kinds of affinities: 1) species in common between both regions (excluding pantropical species) and 2) species pairs (or clusters of species paris) where one of the species (or infrageneric group) occurs in the Neotropics and the other in Africa and/or Madagascar. There are 114 examples on the list, of which 27 are same-species and 87 are species pairs or closely related taxa at some infrageneric level. About 13% of the African pteridoflora and 14% of the Madagascan pteridoflora show affinities with the Neotropics. To determine how these similarities might have originated, we assess three hypotheses: 1) the boreotropics hypothesis, 2) continental drift, and 3) long-distance dispersal. The boreotropics hypothesis is difficult to assess without further phylogenetic information on the groups to which the species belong. Continental drift seems to best explain one example in the geologically old family Schizaeaceae (species inAnemia subgen.Coptophyllum sect.Tomentosae). Nearly all the other examples seem best explained by long-distance dispersal because they belong to families that first appeared during the Paleocene, more than 30 million yearsafter drift had effectively separated South America and Africa. Most of the dispersal events appear to have taken place from the neotropics to Africa-Madagascar, but recent African extinctions may have obscured directionality. Species with green spores or gemmiferous gametophytes were slightly overrepresented on the list compared to pteridophytes as a whole.''The analysis of the systematic transitions in the forested landscape and the study of the forest fragmentation patterns allow us to deepen our understanding of the changes in the vegetation ground cover. The importance of knowing the intricate patterns of the land usage of the upper basin of the Amazon region is widely recognized. This zone is one of the most diverse biological areas in the world, is home to large areas of mature tropical cloud forest and demonstrates high probabilities of stable climatic conditions in light of global warming. The research quantified systematic transitions through the and of the different categories of landscape during the eighteen-year study period of the Ecuadorian Amazon Region (EAR), the forest fragmentation patterns were also analyzed based on a set of indicators. Therefore, with respect to the entirety of the landscape, the results registered for the ground coverage in forested areas during the first period show a decrease of 6.99% and an increase of 0.68%; and during the second period show a decrease of 3.99% and an increase of 2.14%. It demonstrated that forest and agricultural areas tended to replace or be replaced by herbaceous vegetation faster than expected fortuitously. Finally, the indices of fragmentation signaled intense changes during the period with a reduction during the period Percentages registered in the Largest Patch Index (LPI) were between 79.58%; 52.39% and 49.99% respectively; while the Patch Density (PD) varied between 0.04; 0.06 and 0.07. This suggests the propensity of forest cover to remain intact. The results of this investigation suggest a tendency towards stability in Amazon landscape. Within the framework for development and management of this area, the tendency is natural regeneration. This permits a consolidation of the conservation, reforestation, forestation and agricultural forestry plans, programs and systems for the protected areas in EAR.'' Live fences may act as tools for biodiversity conservation by providing habitat for native species and increasing connectivity in the landscape. We studied the influence of live fence characteristics on species richness and fence use by birds by examining both local and landscape factors. We studied three types of live fences: planted fences of a native tree, planted fences of an exotic, and spontaneous. They were either connected to forest fragments or isolated, and were all within a pasture matrix. Spontaneous and planted live fences maintain a diverse plant (77 shrub and tree species) and bird communities (98 species). Fence types strongly differed in vegetation composition and structure. We found that by analyzing each fence characteristic independently, there was no difference in bird richness or abundance. However, there was a significant correlation when plant richness, structure, and connectivity were analyzed together. This could be the result of some variables counterbalancing each other. Birds used fences for a variety of purposes including foraging, breeding, and moving across the landscape. Native birds and plants used live fences as habitat and refuge in a landscape where large forest tracts have been lost for decades. Live fences in conjunction with small forest fragments maintain a diverse array of plant and birds species that are a subsample of the species originally found in the landscape before extensive deforestation. We recommend the establishment of live fences, allowing growth of spontaneous understory.''This paper synthesizes what is known about the physical and biophysical impacts of climate change and their consequences for societies and development under different levels of global warming in Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC). Projections show increasing mean temperatures by up to compared to pre-industrial by the end of this century across LAC. Associated physical impacts include altered precipitation regimes, a strong increase in heat extremes, higher risks of droughts and increasing aridity. Moreover, the mean intensity of tropical cyclones, as well as the frequency of the most intense storms, is projected to increase while sea levels are expected to rise by depending on warming level and region. Tropical glacier volume is found to decrease substantially, with almost complete deglaciation under high warming levels. The much larger glaciers in the southern Andes are less sensitive to warming and shrink on slower timescales. Runoff is projected to be reduced in Central America, the southern Amazon basin and southernmost South America, while river discharge may increase in the western Amazon basin and in the Andes in the wet season. However, in many regions, there is uncertainty in the direction of these changes as a result of uncertain precipitation projections and differences in hydrological models. Climate change will also reduce agricultural yields, livestock and fisheries, although there may be opportunities such as increasing rice yield in several LAC countries or higher fish catch potential in the southernmost South American waters. Species range shifts threaten terrestrial biodiversity, and there is a substantial risk of Amazon rainforest degradation with continuing warming. Coral reefs are at increasing risk of annual bleaching events from 2040 to 2050 onwards irrespective of the climate scenario. These physical and biophysical climate change impacts challenge human livelihoods through, e.g., decreasing income from fisheries, agriculture or tourism. Furthermore, there is evidence that human health, coastal infrastructures and energy systems are also negatively affected. This paper concludes that LAC will be severely affected by climate change, even under lower levels of warming, due to the potential for impacts to occur simultaneously and compound one another.''The conservation status of all the amphibians in China is analyzed, and the country is shown to be a global priority for conservation in comparison to many other countries of the world. Three Chinese regions are particularly rich in amphibian diversity: Hengduan, Nanling, and Wuyi mountains. Salamanders are more threatened than frogs and toads. Several smaller families show a high propensity to become seriously threatened: Bombinatoridae, Cryptobranchidae, Hynobiidae and Salamandridae. Like other parts of the world, stream-breeding, high-elevation forest amphibians have a much higher likelihood of being seriously threatened. Habitat loss, pollution, and over-harvesting are the most serious threats to Chinese amphibians. Over-harvesting is a less pervasive threat than habitat loss, but it is more likely to drive a species into rapid decline. Five conservation challenges are mentioned with recommendations for the highest priority research and conservation actions.''Recent concerns regarding the decline of plant and pollinator species, and the impact on ecosystem functioning, has focused attention on the local and global threats to bee diversity. As evidence for bee declines is now accumulating from over broad taxonomic and geographic scales, we review the role of ecology in bee conservation at the levels of species, populations and communities. Bee populations and communities are typified by considerable spatiotemporal variation; whereby autecological traits, population size and growth rate, and plant-pollinator network architecture all play a role in their vulnerability to extinction. As contemporary insect conservation management is broadly based on species- and habitattargeted approaches, ecological data will be central to integrating management strategies into a broader, landscape scale of dynamic, interconnected habitats capable of delivering bee conservation in the context of global environmental change.''Many researchers have tested whether protected areas save tropical forest, but generally focus on parks and reserves, management units that have internationally recognized standing and clear objectives. Buffer zones have received considerably less attention because of their ambiguous rules and often informal status. Although buffer zones are frequently dismissed as ineffective, they warrant attention given the need for landscape-level approaches to conservation and their prevalence around the Peru, buffer zones cover of the country. This study examines the effectiveness of buffer zones in the Peruvian Amazon to (a) prevent deforestation and (b) limit the extent of mining concessions. We employ covariate matching to determine the impact of 13 buffer zones on deforestation and mining concessions from 2007 to 2012. Despite variation between sites, these 13 buffer zones have prevented of forest loss within their borders during the study period and of mining concessions, an outcome associated with the special approval process for granting formal concessions in these areas. However, a closer look at the buffer zone around the Tambopata National Reserve reveals the difficulties of controlling illegal and informal activities. According to interviews with NGO employees, government officials, and community leaders, enforcement of conservation is limited by uncertain institutional responsibilities, inadequate budgets, and corruption, although formal and community-based efforts to block illicit mining are on the rise. Landscape-level conservation not only requires clear legal protocol for addressing large-scale, formal extractive activities, but there must also be strategies and coordination to combat illegal activities.''Biodiversity refers to variation within the living world, while genetic diversity represents the heritable variation within and between populations of organisms, and in the context of this paper, among plant species. This pool of genetic variation within an inter-mating population is the basis for selection as well as for plant improvement. Thus, conservation of this plant genetic diversity is essential for present and future human well-being. During recent years, there has been increasing awareness of the importance of adopting a holistic view of biodiversity, including agricultural biodiversity, conservation for sustainable utilization and development. These principles have been enshrined in the Convention on Biological Diversity and the Global Plan of Action of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. The emphasis is now to understand the distribution and extent of genetic diversity available to humans in plant species, so that the genetic diversity can be safely conserved and efficiently used. It is generally recognized that plant genetic diversity changes in time and space. The extent and distribution of genetic diversity in a plant species depends on its evolution and breeding system, ecological and geographical factors, past bottlenecks, and often by many human factors. Much of the large amount of diversity of a species may be found within individual populations, or partitioned among a number of different populations.A better understanding of genetic diversity and its distribution is essential for its conservation and use. It will help us in determining what to conserve as well as where to conserve, and will improve our understanding of the taxonomy and origin and evolution of plant species of interest. Knowledge of both these topics is essential for collecting and use of any plant species and its wild relatives. In order to mange conserved germplasm better, there is also a need to understand the genetic diversity that is present in collections. This will help us to rationalize collections and develop and adopt better protocols for regeneration of germplasm seed. Through improved characterization and development of core collections based on genetic diversity information, it will be possible to exploit the available resources in more valuable ways.''Understanding how species use and persist in agricultural areas is useful for planning conservation efforts at the landscape scale. Information at the population level is scarce, even for organisms, such as dung beetles, that are traditionally used in biodiversity studies to evaluate the effects of anthropic disturbance. Based on multiple events, the description of movement patterns and three population parameters (population size, survival and recruitment) were compared for two dung beetle species (Dichotomius cf. alyattes and Oxysternon conspicillatum) in a fragmented Andean landscape dominated by sun-grown coffee crops. Interspecific differences were detected in movement patterns and in the minimum distance moved across the landscape, with the latter associated with wing loading and species habitat preferences. D. cf. alyattes was captured in both the forest and in sun-grown coffee plots, but tended to limit its movement to patches of forest, while O. conspicillatum covered large distances in short periods of time across the sun-grown coffee crops (ca. The population of each species increased during the months of greatest precipitation, prior to the recruitment of new beetles. Given their great capacity for movement, habitat preference and their differential use of the landscape, the species studied can be used as models to evaluate the functional connectivity of Andean landscapes under high anthropic demand. Our results support the idea of the differential response of species to land-use changes, an aspect that should be considered for effective biodiversity conservation and ecosystem functioning in human-dominated landscapes.''We investigated the species richness, endemism, and similarity of the bryoflora (mosses and liverworts) on five Brazilian Amazon mountains (four Tepuis and one rocky outcrop), to determine the floristic relationships between them using presence/absence matrix. Cluster analysis based on the Jaccard index was used to determine similarities between the plant assemblages in five areas. We also performed a principal component analysis to determine which abiotic variables best explained the variations between those mountains. We surveyed the bryophyte species on each of the five mountains to identify the diversity of mosses and liverworts and to answer to the following questions: (1) How many bryophyte species are there in total area (gama diversity) and on each mountain (alpha diversity)? (2) Do mosses and liverworts share patterns of diversity? (3) Can patterns of alpha diversity be used to predict patterns of beta diversity? (4) What are the species distribution patterns? (5) How many endemic species are there in the mountains? and, (6) Is there high similarity among those bryophyte floras? We encountered 425 species, 144 genera, and 51 families of bryophytes, with Lejeuneaceae and Lepidoziaceae being the richest families. A considerable number of floristic novelties were encountered: 18 species new to Brazil; 39 species new to northern Brazil; 21 species new to Amazonas State; and 2 species new to science and only recently described. Over 43% of the bryophytes have a tropical America distribution, approximately 7% are Pantropical, 6.5% are Afro-American, and 3% are endemic to Brazil (6 liverworts and 6 mosses), and 6% are widespread globally. We present a checklist of 425 bryophyte species (144 genera and 51 families) of which 12 are endemic. Patterns of endemism of the bryophyte flora on the Tepuis differ from those exhibited by angiosperms (in the latter three times higher). Thirty-nine of these species were new for the Amazonia domain in Brazil, increasing by 7% the previous total of Amazonian recorded species. The similarity between sites was low, ranging from 3 to 25%. PCA analysis showed temperature variables explaining the greater part of the variance (76.6%) between the mountains. Our results demonstrate that patterns of alpha diversity cannot be used to predict patterns of beta diversity. This paper represents the first evaluation of bryophytes on five Brazilian Amazon mountains, giving insight into their species richness, endemism, and similarity, and providing baseline information for analyzing turnover rates, migration, invasion events, etc. These results also represent an increase in our general knowledge of the Brazilian bryoflora and are relevant to the conservation of bryophyte diversity in the Amazon forest, and represent a contribution toward the targets of the Global Strategy for Plant Conservation.''The paper initially outlines selected uncertainties influencing climate change and their linkages with hydrology which have led to only a small section of the hydrological community (divided into 2 groups) being pro-active. Due to the foregoing uncertainties, the strategy adopted in this paper will be to focus on the principal conclusions from controlled experimental catchment studies and related process hydrology connected with land-use change arising from anthropogenic influences. The underlying philosophy is that even major natural disruptions to climate cause ecohydrological shifts in the response of landscapes and such changes may be indicated from recent hydrology research evaluating man-made impacts. The paper assesses the existing conclusions from hydrological work undertaken in both the closed forests of the humid tropics and the open forests of the tropical semi-arid regions based mostly from experimentation in headwater catchments. Such studies are concerned with the hydrological responses to the impacts of forest conversion on the change in total water yield and, in turn, the processes connected with dry weather flow (delayed flow) and storm runoff (quickflow). By taking the above approach, possible hydrological changes to climate change will be inferred, including some consideration given the outputs from atmospheric General Circulation Models (GCMs) using the Amazon basin as an example.''Although there are different results from different studies, most assessments indicate that climate variability would have negative effects on agriculture and forestry in the humid and sub-humid tropics. Cereal crop yields would decrease generally with even minimal increases in temperature. For commercial crops, extreme events such as cyclones, droughts and floods lead to larger damages than only changes of mean climate. Impacts of climate variability on livestock mainly include two aspects; impacts on animals such as increase of heat and disease stress-related death, and impacts on pasture. As to forestry, climate variability would have negative as well as some positive impacts on forests of humid and sub-humid tropics. However, in most tropical regions, the impacts of human activities such as deforestation will be more important than climate variability and climate change in determining natural forest cover.''In the present study, body length and dispersal ability were examined in carabid beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) sampled in the Peruvian Andes along two altitudinal gradients: old-growth forest and anthropogenically disturbed region. Dispersal ability was estimated by the flight-wing condition (i.e. macropterous or brachypterous) and the cuticular length of the flight muscle (medial length of the metasternum). The relationship between body length and altitude for combined gradients varied by tribe; all possible relationships were found: positive; negative; no relationship. At the family level, a negative relationship between altitude and insect body length was found; this was predicted because of a decrease in the diversity of resources, habitat area and primary productivity, and the increase in the unfavourable environment observed at high altitudes. Flight muscle length was also highly variable among tribes; however, for combined gradients, a negative correlation with altitude was found at the family level. Some tribes were either completely macropterous or brachypterous, but at the family level, the percentage of brachyptery increased with altitude. We suggest two hypotheses that may explain the increased incidence of flightlessness observed with increasing altitude: constraints of energy use and reduced need for dispersal potential. At the family level, carabid beetles tended to have a greater body length and decreased brachyptery in disturbed regions compared with old-growth forests. Increased dispersal ability was expected because of the need to find a suitable habitat in disturbed areas. Observed relationships may depend upon which tribes are examined and whether the forest on an altitudinal gradient has been disturbed.''The purpose of this paper was to analyze the diversity patterns of Cactaceae at a global scale, to identify those countries where conservation actions should be performed. In order to do this, the species richness and the number of endemic species for 34 American countries were determined. With these data, the relationship between the total number of species or the number of endemic species and the area of the countries were analyzed. In addition, a complementarity analysis was conducted to determine the most important countries for cactus conservation. Results showed that Mexico had the highest number of total and endemic species followed by Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru, among others. There was a significant positive relationship between both, the total and endemic species, and the area of the countries. Despite this fact, the cactus diversity in Mexico, Argentina, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, and Costa Rica was higher than expected according to their area. Further, these countries also presented the highest proportions of endemic species. The complementarity analysis indicated that 24 countries are necessary to preserve all cactus species. However, 94% of all species could be preserved with only 10 countries. Considering the diversity patterns and the complementarity analysis, three important groups for cactus conservation were identified: (1) Mexico, Argentina, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, and Costa Rica, (2) Paraguay and Cuba, and (3) Brazil and USA. Conservation efforts should be focused on these countries in order to preserve cactus diversity.''The environmental services that agroforestry practices can provide, and especially their potential contribution to the conservation of biodiversity, have only recently attracted wider attention among agroforestry and conservation scientists. This new view is consistent with the ecosystem approach to natural resource management advocated by the Convention on Biological Diversity. This collection of six papers, which is based on a Workshop held in 2004, brings together studies of biodiversity impacts of traditional agroforestry practices from Central and South America, Africa and Asia. The contributions highlight the considerable potential of traditional agroforestry practices to support biodiversity conservation, but also show their limits. These include the importance of sufficient areas of natural habitat and of appropriate hunting regulations for maintaining high levels of biodiversity in agroforestry land use mosaics, as well as the critical role of markets for tree products and of a favourable policy environment for agroforestry land uses. In combination the case studies suggest that maintaining diversity in approaches to management of agroforestry systems, along with a pragmatic, undogmatic view on natural resource management, will provide the widest range of options for adapting to changing land use conditions.'"This paper aims to throw light on the mass extinction that is overtaking Earth's species. Using an analytic methodology developed for an earlier partial assessment, it focuses on a series of areas, these being areas that (a) feature exceptional concentrations of species with high levels of endemism, and (b) face exceptional threats of destruction. The paper identifies another eight such areas, four of them in tropical forests and four in Mediterranean-type zones. The analysis reveals that the four tropical-forest areas contain at least 2,835 endemic plant species in 18,700 km2, or 1.1 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.013 percent of Earth's land surface; and that the four Mediterranean-type areas contain 12,720 endemic plan: species in 435,700 km2, or 5.1 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.3 percent of the Earth's land surface. Taken together, these eight hot-spot areas contain 15,555 endemic plant species in 454,400 km2, or 6.2 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.3 percent of Earth's land surface. This is to be compared with the earlier hot-spots analysis of 10 tropical-forest areas, with 34,400 endemic plant species in 292,000 km2, or 13.8 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.2 percent of Earth's land surface.Taking all 18 hot-spot areas together, we find they support 49,955 endemic plant species, or 20 percent of Earth's plant species, in 746,400 km2, or 0.5 percent of Earth's land surface. This means that one fifth of Earth's plant species are confined to half of one percent of the Earth's land surface and they occur in habitats that are mostly threatened with imminent destruction.By concentrating on these hot-spot areas where needs are greatest and where the pay-off from safeguard measures would be greatest, conservationists can engage in a more systematised response to the challenge of large scale impending extinctions.""Any attempts to preserve Third World ecosystems must recognize that the ultimate decisions lie with the governments of these sovereign states, which have to deal with widespread demands for higher living standards as well as growing populations. To deal with the powerful pressures of economic growth, the most promising strategy for conservationists is to press the Western industrialized states, where the conservation movement is relatively strong, to join with the Third World in an international agreement whereby the latter would preserve portions of threatened ecosystems in exchange for compensation provided from the industralized countries, most plausibly through an agreement to reduce Third World countries' debt. To reinforce this protection, the industrialized states could agree to purchase tropical ecosystem products only from those states which agree to preserve certain portions of their ecosystems. While there would be great problems both in working out the levels of compensation and in persuading the industrialized states to participate in such a scheme, intensive lobbying by conservation groups might be enough to bring it to fruition."'Domesticated populations of the South American grain chenopod quinua (Chenopodium quinoa subsp.quinoa) have been formally classified on the basis of pigmentation and inflorescence morphology, and informally grouped according to ecotypic variation. Comparative analysis of morphometric and electrophoretic data taken from 98 populations reveals two fundamental elements: a coastal type from southwestern Chile and an Andean type distributed at elevations above 1,800 m from northwestern Argentina to southern Colombia. Andean quinua can be further divided into northern and southern groups, with the northern populations weakly marked by broad, unlobed leaf blades, sharply margined fruit, and relative uniformity. With the exception of allozymes unique to coastal quinua, characteristics that differentiate populations from the Chilean coast and the northern Andes represent a subset of variation present in the southern Andes. This could reflect diffusion from a possible center of origin in the southern highlands. Overall phenetic association places populations from the Altiplano of Peru and Bolivia in a central, linking position. The high genetic identities among all quinua populations argue against a polyphyletic origin for the crop and specific differentiation among cultivar groups. The overall pattern of variation supports the ecotypic approach toward landrace classification of quinua, although congruence between ecological and morphogenetic variation is not complete. While genetic diversity is clearly centered in populations of the southern Andes, conservation efforts should focus on well differentiated quinua populations at the poorly marked northern and southern extremes of distribution.'Abstract not available'A first study on the biodiversity of non-vascular epiphytes in cacao (Theobroma cacao L.) plantations in western Ecuador yielded 112 species (51 bryophytes, 61 lichens). Epiphyte assemblages of cacao plantations resembled those of tropical rain forests but species richness was usually lower and individual species were found at lower heights on the trunks. The vast majority of the species are widespread neotropical or pantropical species; one species, Spruceanthus theobromae (Spruce) Gradst., is endemic to cacao plantations of western Ecuador. Differences in management intensity, by manual removal of epiphytes from tree trunks had a significant impact on epiphyte species diversity. Total species richness was significantly reduced in plantations with high management intensity, due mainly to the decreased diversity of lichens and liverworts; moss diversity was not affected by management regime. Total percentage cover of bryophytes was highest in plantations with low management intensity, while lichen cover was greatest in plantations with high management intensity. Crustose lichens and smooth mats growing closely appressed to the substrate were little affected by the limpia and their growth may have been promoted when larger-sized species were removed, by reducing competition. Cacao plantations with low and moderate management intensity serve as an important substitute habitat for ecological specialists (sun epiphytes, shade epiphytes) of the rain forest and are of considerable significance for their conservation.''We studied distribution and site conditions of epiphytic orchids in a gradient of human interference in Kathmandu valley, central Nepal. The aim was to understand the recent distribution pattern of epiphytic orchids, with respect to (i) the micro-site conditions and (ii) the type and intensity of land use. The occurrence of epiphytic orchids was recorded for a grid with 1.5 km cell size. The cells represent different types and intensities of human impact. Site factors such as bark rugosity, bark pH, diameter at breast height (dbh; 1.3 m) of host trees, exposure to wind and sunlight intensity were recorded. With regard to the species richness and abundance of epiphytic orchids, we compared different human impact categories from very strong human impact (settlement area) to very low human impact (national park). Remote sensing was used for a supervised classification of land cover. Ficus religiosa turned out to be the most important host species for orchids in urban areas, while Schima wallichii and Alnus nepalensis significantly host orchids in the other categories. Both species richness and abundance of epiphytic orchids were significantly higher under very low human impact (forest in national park) and also some remaining patches of primary forest than the other regions. Micro-climate is crucial for orchid populations. Host bark pH, bark rugosity, sunlight intensity and host exposure were significantly different for all human impact categories in order to harbour epiphytic orchid species. Habitats with a mixture of mature trees are suitable and essential for the conservation of viable populations of epiphytic orchids in settled areas. The study reveals that to improve the population size of orchids it is essential for future urban forestry to: (i) Protect old trees as carriers of existing epiphytic orchid diversity, (ii) protect medium old trees to ensure that they may become old trees, (iii) plant new host trees for the future, (iv) plant in groups instead of single isolate trees. Trees should especially be planted in areas where orchids still exist to provide more trees for orchid population enlargement (e.g. along riparian system). Native species should be favoured; the pool of such native host species is wide.''Biological invasions affect virtually all ecosystems on earth, but the degree to which different regions and biomes are invaded, and the quality of information from different regions, varies greatly. A large body of literature exists on the invasion of savannas in the Neotropics and northern Australia where invasive plants, especially African grasses, have had major impacts. Less has been published on plant invasions in African savannas, except for those in South Africa. Negative impacts due to plant invasions in African savannas appear to be less severe than in other regions at present. As savannas cover about 60% of the continent, with tens of millions of people relying on the services they provide, it is timely to assess the current status of invasions as a threat to these ecosystems. We reviewed the literature, contrasting the African situation with that of Neotropical and Australian savannas. A number of drivers and explanatory factors of plant invasions in savannas have been described, mostly from the Neotropics and Australia. These include herbivore presence, residence time, intentional introductions for pasture improvements, fire regimes, the physiology of the introduced species, and anthropogenic disturbance. After comparing these drivers across the three regions, we suggest that the lower extent of alien plant invasions in African savannas is largely attributable to: (1) significantly lower rates of intentional plant introductions and widespread plantings (until recently); (2) the role of large mammalian herbivores in these ecosystems; (3) historical and biogeographical issues relating to the regions of origin of introduced species; and (4) the adaptation of African systems to fire. We discuss how changing conditions in the three regions are likely to affect plant invasions in the future.'"Major mountain environments of the world are delineated and all their protected areas (MTNPA) are listed by IUCN categories. MTNPA are those places subjected to nature conservation such as national parks and nature reserves. A total of 442 IUCN Category areas with a minimal size of 10,000 ha and a minimal relief of 500 m are listed. These MTNPA constitute 42 percent of the world's area devoted to nature conservation. Summaries of the mountain protected areas in each biogeographical realm are given, sites of international importance are identified and observations are made on lacunae. The review concludes with six recommendations for more and better managed mountain parks and reserves."'Existing networks of nature reserves contain a biased sample of biodiversity. In Patagonia Argentina, most nature reserves focus their protection objectives on a particular ecosystem, geoform or scenic value, and usually are located in inaccessible areas. However, unique species or assemblages could inhabit less protected ecosystems, areas or habitats, which could be threatened depending of management. In this study, we assessed the conservation value of different ecosystem types and areas (fjords) in Isla de los Estados Provincial Reserve (RPIE, Argentina), using birds as study case. We chose three fjords (east, central and west) and five ecosystems types (forests at low and high elevation, open-lands at low and high elevation, and sea coasts). assemblage richness, density, biomass, trophic level, migratory status, and use of strata per ecosystems and fjords were characterized in 75 points (3 fjords 5 ecosystems 5 replicates) and evaluated using ANOVA and multivariate methods. Also, Shannon and Pielou (J) indices were estimated for fjords and ecosystems. Passerine was the most abundant group, being mainly residents, omnivorous and carnivorous-scavenger, and they were observed mainly flying or in the canopy. Assemblage structure and function varied with ecosystem types, with higher richness and biomass in coasts and open-lands than in other ecosystems, but with greater density in forests. Multivariate analyses showed conspicuous groups for forests and coast sampling units, with significant differences among all ecosystem types except between low and high forests. Also, east fjord significantly differed in density and biomass from the others, but west fjord also differed in structure, function and bird assemblage. We conclude that greater conservation value must be assigned to ecosystem types or areas inhabited by threatened species (as open-lands at high elevation) and highest richness and variety of use of strata (as sea coasts). However, bird assemblage patterns have particularities in less valuable ecosystems and areas, which also justify their importance for conservation, or at least, prescriptions of low impact uses and activities in the management planning. Nature reserves are opportunities to preserve endemic species, habitats or areas of special interest, as low latitude or unique isolated landscape communities, and ecosystems underrepresented in the network of local, regional or world protected areas.''Between 1970 and 1980, many ornithological prospections were made in central Argentina. With this work we intend to fill some of the existing gaps regarding such knowledge. We conducted bird surveys in the central-western region of province. We identified 240 bird species (63% of avifauna) belonging to 48 families: 10 of which are considered under some threat category, 37 are migrants, and two are endemic to the region. Troughout a qualitative analysis of ordination, we identified three clusters of environments that share similar bird composition. Among those, the most dissimilar group was composed of aquatic environments, whereas the two other groups included wooded and anthropized environments and high altitude environments, respectively. The high bird richness recorded in a relatively small region, encompassing a variety of environments, place upon this area a high bird conservation value. The inclusion of this area in the system of Bird (IBAs) may prompt protection actions.'"The geoecological effects of organic matter addition to soil byHawaiian silverswords (Argyroxiphium sandwicense DC.,Asteraceae) in Haleakala's crater (Maui) are examined. Sets of 12 surfacesoil samples were gathered in three positions: bare soils; under the crowncanopy of adjacent live plants; and below dead, withered rosettes. Silverswordstanding litter and live foliage were also collected. Several physical andchemical properties were investigated. Bare soils were coarse and exceptionallylow in chemical nutrients and water-holding capacity. Litter addition belowsilverswords altered all properties except particle-size distribution; soilsunder dead rosettes became modified more strongly than those below live plants.While rosettes grow, standing litter is tightly preserved, thus only smallamounts of organic matter are added to soil. When plants die, a substantialinflux of litter is released in a short period (7 to 9 years average); thisraises the C and N content, C/N ratios, exchangeable nutrient levels (Ca, Mg,K, P) and cation exchange capacity of soil. Physical properties, such as color,bulk density and porosity are also greatly affected; as a result, soilwater-retention at field capacity nearly doubles under withering plants. Soiltemperatures (5 cm depth) at noon were lower beneath silversword mean) than in contiguous bare This cooling may result in lower evaporationand further conservation of soil moisture, thus increased seedgermination. Nutrient-retention strategies may have evolved in the semelparousArgyroxiphium to help it cope with the harsh,drought-prone soils and unpredictable climate of Haleakala. Silverswordflowering results in a tremendous seed output, but the plant needs to ensurethat some seeds which have limited dispersal capability willgerminate, and thus provides a nutrient-rich, water-retaining substrate moresuitable for seedling establishment than bare soils. Through itsself-regulating influence on underlying soils,Argyroxiphium affects both soil formation and its ownregeneration in Haleakala.""This paper focuses on the value of landraces (traditional and local crop varieties) to farmers in centers of agricultural diversity. Additional information on the factors contributing to the private value which farmers assign to landraces may help to identify a strategy for ensuring the conservation of the crop genetic resources (CGRs) which are embodied in landraces while at the same time minimizing the costs. Economic and ethnobotanical approaches for examining the value of landraces complement one another. A formal economic approach establishes a framework for quantitative analysis while ethnobotanical methods provide qualitative data for assessing the likelihood that particular farmers or farm sectors will maintain landraces. Our research synthesizes the two approaches in order to examine farmer selection of local wheat landraces in relation to that of modern varieties in three provinces in western Turkey. Multiple farmer concerns (e.g. yield, risk, quality), environmental heterogeneity, and missing markets contribute to the persistence of landraces. Household characteristics informing variety choice will also affect the household's perceptions of the importance and value of landraces."Abstract not available'Although levels of biological diversity may seem to be equivalent in different areas, diversity is created and maintained by a range of different ]processes: overlap of habitat on gradients; a dynamic mosaic of communities; and accumulation and evolution of taxa in extremely stable areas. These different communities will respond in very different ways to disturbance. The most fragile are those whose component taxa are genetically adapted to the stability of a predictable environment. These areas are often under pressure from local rural populations and require intensive local conservation management actions. In other areas, where diversity is adapted to dynamism, communities are more resilient to disturbance and conservation can be best effected by policy instruments.''The N, P, and S cycles in pristine forests are assumed to differ from those of anthropogenically impacted areas, but there are only a few studies to support this. Our objective was therefore to assess the controls of N, P, and S release, immobilization, and transport in a remote tropical montane forest. The study forest is located on steep slopes of the northern Andes in Ecuador. We determined the concentrations of NO3-N, NH4-N, dissolved organic N (DON), PO4-P, dissolved organic P (DOP), SO4-S, dissolved organic S (DOS), and dissolved organic C (DOC) in rainfall, throughfall, stemflow, lateral flow (in the organic layer), litter leachate, mineral soil solution, and stream water of three catchments a.s.l.). The organic forms of N, P, and S contributed, on average, 55, 66, and 63% to the total N, P, and S concentrations in all ecosystem fluxes, respectively. The organic layer was the largest source of all N, P, and S species except for inorganic P and S. Most PO4 was released in the canopy by leaching and most SO4 in the mineral soil by weathering. The mineral soil was a sink for all studied compounds except for SO4. Consequently, concentrations of dissolved inorganic and organic N and P were as low in stream water (TDN: P not detectable) as in rainfall (TDN: P not detectable), whereas total S concentrations were elevated (stream water: rainfall: Dissolved N, P, and S forms were positively correlated with pH at the scale of soil peda except inorganic S. Soil drying and rewetting promoted the release of dissolved inorganic N. High discharge levels following heavy rainstorms were associated with increased DOC, DON, NO3-N and partly also NH4-N concentrations in stream water. Nitrate-N concentrations in the stream water were positively correlated with stream discharge during the wetter period of the year. Our results demonstrate that the sources and sinks of N, P, and S were element-specific. More than half of the cycling N, P, and S was organic. Soil pH and moisture were important controls of N, P, and S solubility at the scale of individual soil peda whereas the flow regime influenced the export with stream water.''Termites are among the most important animals in tropical ecosystems where they often make up over of the total animal biomass and enhance ecosystem productivity. While termites in general have been the focus of a reasonable amount of work, this effort is not equally distributed among taxonomic groups. The soil-feeding Apicotermitinae, in particular, have received less attention than other taxonomic groups. In terms of species diversity and abundance, the Apicotermitinae dominate African and Neotropical rainforests, where they generally feed on soil organic fractions. Whereas basal Apicotermitinae possess soldiers, this caste is missing in a large cluster of species, collectively called the Anoplotermes-group, which possibly constitutes a monophyletic lineage. These soldierless Apicotermitinae evolved alternative defensive strategies, such as defensive body rupture through autothysis or dehiscence. As species identification in termites is commonly based on characters of soldiers, the Anoplotermes-group has long been neglected by taxonomists, but alternative diagnostic characters, derived from the worker gut topology and enteric valve structures, are now routinely used. Although species identification based solely on worker characters is feasible and new molecular techniques greatly facilitate taxonomic studies, the biology of soldierless Apicotermitinae remains poorly known. The main objective of this paper is to increase the awareness and understanding of this dominant soil arthropod through a comprehensive review of their lifestyle and ecological importance.''Even large fragments of tropical forest lose bird species over time. The speed of disappearance and permanence of these losses depend on a variety of factors, but the pattern of species loss appears more universal. We still do not understand the degree to which different mechanisms lead to population declines and local extinction in fragmented tropical landscapes. We review data currently available to evaluate three of the leading hypotheses, which include altered community dynamics producing mesopredator release and indirect effects of elevated herbivore populations; sensitivity of forest birds to altered microclimatic conditions in fragments, and the constraint of poor dispersal ability that reduces connectivity in fragmented landscapes. We find that all three mechanisms require additional study and suggest steps to be taken in future studies.''Tropical regions are characterized by hydrological extreme events, which are likely to be exacerbated by climate change. Therefore, quantifying the extent to which climate change may damage a hydrological system becomes crucial. This paper aims to evaluate the findings from previous research on projected impacts of climate change on hydrological systems located in regions bounded by the Tropic of Cancer and the Tropic of Capricorn. It intends to provide an in-depth understanding of the climatic conditions, applied approaches, climate change impacts on future streamflow, and measures to reduce prediction uncertainty in the tropics. The review revealed that there is a significant variation in the magnitude of climate change impacts on streamflow in the tropics. The reason for the inconsistent trend prediction is that projections are heavily dependent on the trajectory of greenhouse gas emissions, climate model structural differences, and uncertainty of downscaling methods and hydrological models. Therefore, to minimize the uncertainty and maximize confidence in streamflow projections, it is essential to apply multi-member model ensembles and to clarify the adaptation strategy (coping, adjusting, or transforming).''We provide total vascular plant species counts for three 1-ha plots in deciduous, semi-deciduous and evergreen forests in central Bolivia. Species richness ranged from 297 species and in the dry deciduous forest to 382 species and in the evergreen forest. Orchidaceae, Pteridophyta and Leguminosae were among the most species-rich major plant groups in each plot, and Peperomia (Piperaceae), Pleurothallis (Orchidaceae) and Tillandsia (Bromeliaceae), all epiphytes, were the most species-rich genera. This dominance of a few but very diverse and/or widespread taxa contrasted with the low compositional similarity between plots. In a neotropical context, these Central Bolivian forest plots are similar in total species richness to other dry deciduous and humid montane forests, but less rich than most Amazonian forests. Nevertheless, lianas, terrestrial herbs and especially epiphytes proved to be of equal or higher species richness than most other neotropical forest inventories from which data are available. We therefore highlight the importance of non-woody life-forms (especially epiphytes and terrestrial herbs) in Andean foothill forest ecosystems in terms of species richness and numbers of individuals, representing in some cases nearly 50% of the species and more than 75% of the individuals. These figures stress the need for an increased inventory effort on non-woody plant groups in order to accurately direct conservation actions.''Watershed investment programs frequently use land cover as a proxy for water-based ecosystem services, an approach based on assumed relationships between land cover and hydrologic outcomes. Water flows are rarely quantified, and unanticipated results are common, suggesting land cover alone is not a reliable proxy for water services. We argue that managing key hydrologic fluxes at the site of intervention is more effective than promoting particular land-cover types. Moving beyond land cover proxies to a focus on hydrologic fluxes requires that programs (1) identify the specific water service of interest and associated hydrologic flux; (2) account for structural and ecological characteristics of the relevant land cover; and, (3) determine key mediators of the target hydrologic flux. Using examples from the tropics, we illustrate how this conceptual framework can clarify interventions with a higher probability of delivering desired water services than with land cover as a proxy.'"Three aspects of the vegetation's response to fires were investigated: the measurement of fire temperatures, general observations of changes in plant communities following fires, and monitoring the fate of individual plants after burning.Fire temperatures were strongly influenced by the physiognomy of the vegetation, dominated by tussocks of Calamagrostis spp. Temperatures were highest amongst the upper leaves of the tussock (sometimes The middle levels of the tussock experienced temperatures in excess of but in the dense leaf bases temperatures were often below On the ground between tussocks, temperatures were variable, whereas 2 cm below ground temperatures failed to reach survival depended on the intensity of the fire and the plant's position within the tussock structure. Survival was often the result of high temperature avoidance (with buds shielded by other plant parts or buried beneath the soil surface).Post-fire Calamagrostis tiller mortality rates were high and tussock regrowth was slow. Some other species appear to maintain their populations by exploiting this recovery phase for seedling establishment on tussocks.Between tussocks, changes of occupancy at the level of the individual plants were greater after fire than in control vegetation. Most transitions were random. Those which departed from random often involved gaps and were related to post-fire mortality, regrowth from below-ground parts, colonisation or, in the case of a clonal mat-forming species, to spatial rearrangement of rosettes. Recovery was slower at higher altitude. Recovery was much slower in burned plots when the upper 2 cm of soil was removed (along with buried plant parts) compared with burned plots.Qualitative observations suggest that recovery may consist of a cyclical process, mediated by the serial dominance of several species that are physiognomically important.The frequency of fires determines the amount of fuel accumulated within grass tussocks and some plants may be unable to survive repeated burning. Chance survival of species in unburned patches of vegetation and random colonisation of gaps may be important determinants of subsequent community structure."'The atmospheric transport of biomass burning emissions in the South American and African continents is being monitored annually using a numerical simulation of air mass motions; we use a tracer transport capability developed within RAMS (Regional Atmospheric Modeling System) coupled to an emission model. Mass conservation equations are solved for carbon monoxide (CO) and particulate material (PM2.5). Source emissions of trace gases and particles associated with biomass burning activities in tropical forest, savanna and pasture have been parameterized and introduced into the model. The sources are distributed spatially and temporally and assimilated daily using the biomass burning locations detected by remote sensing. Advection effects (at grid scale) and turbulent transport (at sub-grid scale) are provided by the RAMS parameterizations. A sub-grid transport parameterization associated with moist deep and shallow convection, not explicitly resolved by the model due to its low spatial resolution, has also been introduced. Sinks associated with the process of wet and dry removal of aerosol particles and chemical transformation of gases are parameterized and introduced in the mass conservation equation. An operational system has been implemented which produces daily 48-h numerical simulations (including 24-h forecasts) of CO and PM2.5, in addition to traditional meteorological fields. The good prediction skills of the model are demonstrated by comparisons with time series of PM2.5 measured at the surface.''In vitro techniques have found increasing use in the conservation of threatened plants in recent years and this trend is likely to continue as more species face risk of extinction. The Micropropagation Unit at Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, UK (RBG Kew) has an extensive collection of in vitro plants including many threatened species from throughout the world. The long history of the unit and the range of plants cultured have enabled considerable expertise to be amassed in identifying the problems and developing experimental strategies for propagation and conservation of threatened plants. While a large body of knowledge is available on the in vitro culture of plants, there are limited publications relating to threatened plant conservation. This review highlights the progress in in vitro culture and conservation of threatened plants in the past decade and suggests future research directions. Works on non-threatened plants are also included wherever methods have applications in rare plant conservation. Recalcitrant plant materials collected from the wild or ex situ collections are difficult to grow in culture. Different methods of sterilization and other treatments to establish clean material for culture initiation are reviewed. Application of different culture methods for multiplication, and use of unconventional materials for rooting and transplantation are reviewed. As the available plant material for culture initiation is scarce and in many cases associated with inherent problems such as low viability and endogenous contamination, reliable protocols on multiplication, rooting, and storage methods are very important. In this context, photoautotrophic micropropagation has the potential for development as a routine method for the in vitro conservation of endangered plants. Long-term storage of material in culture is challenging and the potential applications of cryopreservation are significant in this area. Future conservation biotechnology research and its applications must be aimed at conserving highly threatened, mainly endemic, plants from conservation hotspots.''AimLittle is known about how N and P co-limited ecosystems respond to single nutrient enrichment. This work assesses the susceptibility of above- and belowground ecosystem components and of their linkages in an N and P co-limited pasture to N- and P-enrichment. We tested if the responses can be explained by the concept of serially linked nutrients introduced by (Ecol Lett 2004). In this concept, the control of the growth rate by one nutrient is assumed to depend on the control of a different cellular process by another nutrient.MethodsWe investigated the responses of shoot and root biomass and C:N:P stoichiometry of the grass Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) to moderate N, P, and application over In addition, the effects of nutrient enrichment on soil nutrient pools, on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) as well as on microbial biomass, activity, and community structure (phospholipid fatty acids: PLFA) were tested. In order to evaluate the importance of different factors explaining microbial responses, we applied a likelihood-based information-theoretic approach.ResultsThe application of increased aboveground grass biomass Root biomass was stimulated by P-treatment Grass C:N:P stoichiometry responded by altering the P-uptake (P-treatment) or by translocating P from shoot to root (N-treatment). In particular, root C:N and C:P stoichiometry decreased in P- and in N-treatment. Extractable fractions of soil C, N, and P were significantly affected by nutrient enrichment. P application increased the biomass of Gram-positive bacteria and the abundance of AMF however, results of the IT-approach suggested indirect effects of nutrient enrichment on microbes.ConclusionsThe responses of the N and P co-limited pasture to particular nutrient enrichment support the concept of serially linked nutrients. The present study provides evidence for the fundamental importance of P for controlling resource allocation of plants in responses to nutrient enrichment. Resource allocation of the grass rather than direct effects of nutrient additions drives changes in AMF, microbial biomass, community structure, and activity.''The concept of centres of crop diversity and/or origin of agriculture is briefly reviewed. The conservation status of crop genetic resources, either ex situ or in situ, cultivated or wild, has been assessed for species of the Central American and Mexican centre, demonstrating that that region is indeed one of the important centres of crop diversity for human kind. Furthermore, biotechnological developments with regard to the creation and spread of genetically modified crops have been analyzed. The likelihood of unintentional introgression of genetically modified traits into conventional seed lots, crops as well as into germplasm collections have been assessed. Related biosafety measures as well as the possible implications of intellectual property rights on transgenic crops and/or genes are being discussed vis-a-vis the possible implications they might have for germplasm management. The Central American crop genetic resources situation has been used as a to illustrate the potential impact of the spreading of GM varieties on the genetic diversity in genebanks and fields and the need for effective and efficient conservation efforts. Conservation management strategies and practices are being proposed of mitigate the potential negative impact of GM crops on the conservation efforts.'"The Smithsonian Institution's Monitoring and Assessment of Biodiversity Program joined Shell Prospecting and DevelopmentPeru (SPDP) to protect biodiversity during a natural gas exploration project. Emphasis was on long-term societal andenvironmental benefits in addition to financial gain for thecompany. The systematic, cyclical adaptive management process was used to generate feedback for SPDP managers. Adaptive management enables ongoing improvement of management policies and practices based on lessons learned from operational activities. Previous to this study, very little information about the local biodiversity was available. Over a 2-year period, the team conducted biological assessments of six taxonomic groups at five sites located within 600 km2. A broad range of management options such as location,timing and technology were developed from the beginning of theproject. They were considered in conjunction with emerging lessons from the biodiversity assessments. Critical decisions included location of a gas plant and the cost of helicopter access versus roads to service the full field development. Bothof these decisions were evaluated to ensure that they were economically and environmentally feasible. Project design changes, addressed in the planning stage, were accepted once consensus was achieved. Stakeholders were apprised of the implications of the baseline biodiversity assessments."'The Cerrado is the largest savanna in South America and it is rich in fauna and flora and considered a biodiversity hotspot. Its contact with the surrounding Amazon, Atlantic Forest and Caatinga is irregular, forming large diffuse ecotones in some regions and disjointed patches in others. The Cerrado patches located in the Amazon are relatively studied, but little is known about those in the Atlantic Forest and Caatinga. This article presents information on the composition of a bird community in a savanna formation on the coast of the northernmost portion of northeast Brazil / This site was visited 17 times between October 2006 and August 2013. The total richness was 87 species distributed into 32 families. The following Cerrado endemics were recorded: Charitospiza eucosma and Porphyrospiza caerulescens. Other species recorded associated mainly with the Cerrado biome were Heliactin bilophus, Cypsnagra hirundinacea and Coryphaspiza melanotis. Some vulnerable and near threatened species were also recorded for the first time in the northernmost portion of northeastern Brazil, with some of these more than 1,000 km from their previously known localities. The results broaden the knowledge on the distribution of various species, in addition to providing information on seasonality and reproduction of others and revealing an overall lack of information on the composition of avian communities in little studied areas of Brazil.'the current scenario of rapid conversion of tropical forests into human-dominated activities landscape, the present study was undertaken to understand the role of existing agroforestry systems in conservation of avian species. Three types of agroforestry systems namely tea gardens, homegardens and agrisilviculture were selected in the Brahmaputra North Bank Landscape of Assam, northeast India for the study. A total of 468 point counts revealed 164 bird species belonging to 51 families and 18 orders across all the three different types of agroforestry systems. Tea gardens showed significantly higher bird species richness followed by homegardens and agrisilviculture systems. As per IUCN, four species were categorized as Near Threatened and one species was categorized as Vulnerable. Out of 164 species recorded, 68.3% species were residents, 30.5% species were winter visitors and remaining were summer visitors (1.2%). Majority of the species (45.7%) were common to all the three types of selected agroforestry systems. The feeding guilds revealed that most of the species were insectivorous (50.0%) in habit. A total of 167 tree species belonging to 54 families and 24 orders was recorded across all the three different types of agroforestry systems. The highest tree species richness was recorded in the homegardens (160), followed by agrisilviculture systems (19) and least in tea gardens (11). No statistically significant correlation was found among bird species richness and patch size, tree species richness and number of bird species individuals. The selected agroforestry systems have provided shelter, nesting space, feeding and foraging grounds for birds during the winter season. This data can be useful for the policy makers, tea garden managers, homegarden owners for framing conservation policies of avian species in an era of natural wildlife habitat loss and degradation.''The galaxioid fishes are the dominant, most speciose group of freshwater fishes (with >50 species) in the lands of the cool southern hemisphere, with representatives in western and eastern Australia, Tasmania, New Caledonia, Lord Howe Island, New Zealand, the Chatham, Auckland and Campbell Islands, Patagonian South America (Chile, Argentina), the Falkland Islands and South Africa. The group is most diverse in Australia and New Zealand. Lepidogalaxiidae is found only in Australia, Retropinnidae in Australia and New Zealand, and Galaxiidae across the entire range of the group. Many species are in serious conservation crisis for a diversity of reasons, including habitat deterioration and possibly fisheries exploitation, but there is enduring and pervasive information that shows that the group has been seriously impacted by the acclimatisation of salmonid fishes originating in the cool-temperate northern hemisphere, particularly brown and rainbow trout. With few exceptions, where these trout have been introduced there has been major decline in the galaxioids, especially Galaxiidae, as a result of a complexly interacting series of adverse impacts from these introduced fishes. In some places, centrarchids and cichlids may also have adverse impacts. In addition, there appear to have been adverse impacts from the translocation of galaxioids into communities where they do not naturally occur. In many instances it appears that displacement of the galaxioids has led to a situation where galaxioids and salmonids no longer co-occur, owing either to displacement or predation, leading to fish communities in which there is no explicit evidence for displacement. These effects are resulting in the galaxioid fishes being amongst the most seriously threatened fishes known.''This paper presents new modeling evidence showing the added value of high-resolution information from South America (SA) in the simulation of the Southern Hemisphere (SH) extratropical circulation. LMDZ, a coarse-resolution atmospheric global general circulation model constitutes the main tool for this investigation. Parallel to the control simulation, a two-way nesting (TWN) simulation of LMDZ is performed with an interactive coupling to the same model, but with a higher-resolution zoom over SA. The third simulation is a perfect boundary simulation for which re-analysis information from ERA-Interim is used to nudge LMDZ, but only over SA. Results indicate that enhanced resolution over SA improves the representation of the most important processes that influence extratropical eddy activity. The local improvement is followed by a better representation of the global extratropical circulation, especially in austral summer. The regional climate enhancement over SA has positive effects on simulation of the midlatitude jet position during the austral summer by significantly reducing the bias of the mean zonal kinetic energy outside the nudged zone. On the other hand, the wintertime general circulation outside the nudged-zone shows a limited bias-reduction for the regional-driven simulations, especially in the case of the TWN system. However, improvements of the TWN system compared to the control experiment are noticed in early stages of cyclone lifecycle, as it is identified in a better simulation of transient meridional heat transport and transient kinetic energy intensity. The findings of the present study suggest, thus, that improvements in resolution over SA effectively excite the simulation of the mean atmospheric circulation in the SH.'Abstract not available'The replacement of native forests by pastures takes place widely in the Andes. The effects of such land-use change on aquatic assemblages are poorly understood. We conducted a comparative analysis of the effects of forest conversion to pastures on the taxonomic, structural, and functional composition of macroinvertebrates (benthic and leaf-associated) in montane and upper montane streams (ecosystem type) of the south Ecuadorian Andes. Taxonomic composition of benthic and leaf-associated macroinvertebrates was different between ecosystem type and land use. Also, major differences in the structural and functional composition of benthic and leaf-associated macroinvertebrates were mainly promoted by land use in both ecosystem types. Forested streams showed higher diversity than pasture streams, sustaining more shredder, scraper, and predatory invertebrates. We also observed differences in the macroinvertebrate communities between benthic and leaf-bag samples. Leaf bags had lower diversity and more collector invertebrates than benthic samples. This study highlights the large effect of riparian forest conversion to pasture land on macroinvertebrate communities, and the importance of using appropriate sampling techniques to characterize aquatic assemblages. We also recommend the maintenance and restoration of riparian vegetation to mitigate the effects of deforestation on stream communities and ecosystem processes.''The results of application of a global bioclimatic classification to Chile are presented. A total of 140 weather stations are assigned to bioclimatic belts on the basis of temperature and rainfall regime. In view of these assignements and of phytosociological data, a zonation of Chile into four major bioclimatic regions (Tropical, Mediterranean, Temperate and Boreal) is proposed. For the Temperate region, we discuss the distribution of the various climax forest communities with respect to bioclimatic belt. It is suggested that increased knowledge of the phytosociology of Chile will improve understanding of the climate of the different parts of the country.Nomenclature: Plant nomenclature follows Marticorena et al. (1985) for Chilean species.''High deforestation rates in tropical countries continue to reduce forest cover and thereby habitat quantity and quality. However, in some places the forest is recovering and expanding thus offsetting the biodiversity and ecosystem service losses. In order to characterize the forest recovery, land use and land cover (LUC) changes were analyzed using aerial photographs, taken between 1952 and 2009, of a peri-urban watershed in the Andes region of Venezuela. The qualities of the changes were assessed using landscape indices and hemeroby indicators. In that period, the forest cover increased about mainly due to abandoned pastures on steep slopes. At the same time, the urban area expanded about on valley bottoms, while pastures and crop fields were reduced about The results also showed that forest patches were aggregating, whereas pastures were fragmenting. A reduction in direct human impacts on forests growing on abandoned pastures resulted in a slight recovery of the lower montane cloud forest structure and plant composition. But non-native species were found in all LUC categories. During the study period, we documented not only forest recovery, but also urban area growth, intensified land use and invasions by non-native species all of which could partially counterbalance the positives of forest recovery.''In tropical and subtropical forests there is limited information about how to integrate sustainable timber management with the conservation of biodiversity. We examined the effect of selective logging on the bird community to help develop management guidelines to assure the conservation of biodiversity in forests managed for timber production. The study design consisted of control and harvested plots in piedmont and cloud forests of the subtropical montane forests of the Andes in northwestern Argentina. We conducted bird point-count surveys combined with distance estimation. Breeding season bird community composition was more similar between control and logged forest in both the cloud forest and piedmont, than between the two elevations, probably because Neotropical bird communities change dramatically along elevational gradients. Within each elevation zone, community composition changed significantly between harvested and control forests. Both between and within each elevation zone no significant differences in bird density were detected. Similarly, when we analyzed bird density according to diet guilds no general pattern could be extracted. However, we found a significantly greater density of cavity nesters and lower of non-cavity nesters in control plots, probably because most trees that can develop suitable cavities were extracted in logged plots and these plots had a greater structural diversity enabling more nesting resources. Grouping species according to their nesting habitat requirements has rarely been used in the neotropics and other tropical and subtropical forests, but focusing management attention on cavity nesters might address the most sensitive portion of the avian community as well as other species dependent on trees likely to hold cavities.'Abstract not available"Should forest-based climate mitigationmeasures be approved for crediting through the CleanDevelopment Mechanism (CDM), they could offer anopportunity to accomplish three important objectives:cost-effective reductions in carbon emissions andsequestration of atmospheric carbon; conservation andrestoration of forests and their biological diversity;and, the assistance of host countries and communitiesin their socioeconomic development. However,prospective investors in CDM projects, host countriesand other CDM `stakeholders' might be expected toplace widely different priorities on achieving theseobjectives. This paper describes several factors thatwill affect investor interest in CDM projects, thecharacteristics of forest-based CDM projects that willattract investments, and an approach to identifyingprojects that meet the key objectives of multiplestakeholders. This approach entails identifyingsites, such as degraded watersheds, where CDMfinancing for forest conservation and restoration cangenerate readily monetizable local and regionalsocioeconomic benefits, while mitigating carbonemissions in forests with importance for conservingbiodiversity."'We studied the composition, species richness, and relative abundance of bat assemblages in the Colombian dry forests of Chicamocha and Patia. In Chicamocha, 11 bats of the family Phyllostomidae were captured with mistnets, corresponding to 85-100% of the potential phyllostomids species in the area. Two bats of the family Vespertilionidae were also captured in Chicamocha. In Patia, 12 species were captured with mistnets, all Phyllostomidae, representing 72-100% of the estimated total number of species in the zone. Minor differences in number of species and composition were detected among sampling periods in Chicamocha. The most common species in this dry forest were Glossophaga longirostris and Sturnira lilium. In Patia, notable differences in the number of species and composition were observed among sampling periods, and the most common species were Artibeus jamaicensis, Carollia perspicillata and Phyllostomus discolor. Aridzone dwelling bats were absent in Patia and we suggest that this absence may be associated with the isolation of Patia from other northern dry zones of Colombia since Quaternary times. There was also low abundance of bats in Patia, which appears to be related to human disturbance. The most abundant phyllostomid bat species in the two dry forests studied are those that include fruit and/or nectarpollen from columnar cacti as an important proportion of their diets.''High elevation ecosystems are likely more sensitive to climate change. But, due to paucity of instrumental records, such effects are poorly studied, particularly in mountains outside Europe and North America. Here, we quantified water body area fluctuations for the last in 15 lakes spread over an area of 14.3 million ha in the Argentine Puna, through the classification of Landsat images; and we quantified peatlands NDVI (a proxy of vegetation productivity) from MODIS images. We evaluated the pairwise similarity between lakes interannual fluctuations and their relationship with climate models (TRMM 3B43 v7; CRU TS 4.10) and potential controls (ENSO index); and the correlations between water body area and the NDVI variation of its associated peatlands. Lakes were grouped in two clusters defined by their synchronic water body area variability and these clusters define two main geographic zones: NE and SW. Consistent with previous observations of an overall aridization trend, water body area generally decreased but showed large variability among lakes. Peatlands productivity was more correlated with lake variability than with modeled precipitation, and lake water body area was weakly related to indices of ENSO, providing an additional tool to relate local climate with continental and global climate models. The analysis shows that lake behavior is highly variable spatially and temporally, and that satellite-based monitoring is a valuable tool for assessing ecological conditions of wetlands in the region, characterized by the lack of climatic instrumental records; and to explore the vulnerability of wetlands to climate change.'paper reconsiders two widely held hypotheses about the effects of the green revolution, that it led to biological simplification and instability. The hypothesis of biological simplification (genetic erosion) is tested with evidence from Andean agriculture, where farmers maintain a significant degree of crop diversity even as they adopt modern crop varieties. The hypothesis of increased instability is tested with evidence from Asia where wheat and rice yields show no general pattern of increased instability. Neither of these hypotheses is confirmed. The conventional wisdom about the green revolution should be reconsidered with emphasis on resilience and variation in modernizing farming systems.''More than 1200 vascular plant species, distributed over 369 genera and 112 families were encountered in ten plots of 0.1 ha in the humid evergreen rain forests of the middle area in eastern Colombia. The total number of vascular plant species in the two most diverse plots ranged from 310 to 313 species 0.1 ha-1. These values indicate that high levels of vascular plant species densities may be encountered all over NW Amazonia, including the Colombian Amazon. The floodplain plots contained fewer vascular plant species and families than the well-drained upland plots. The high species density in the well-drained upland plots was mostly due to comparatively large numbers of species found among the very slender trees of diameter at breast cm. Small and slender treelets (DBH < 10 cm) are by far the most species rich habit group. About 50% of the total number of vascular plant species in the plots was exclusively collected with a diameter of less than 2.5 cm. Shrubs, (hemi)epiphytes, and climbers were present with relatively few species. Many of the most species-rich families were tree families. The highest species richness was principally found among tree genera, as well. In this respect the floristic sample from the ten species count plots combined shows much affinity to the local florula around Manaus.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Millions of hectares of tropical forest are cleared annually for agriculture, pasture, shifting cultivation and timber. One result of these changes in land use is the release of CO2 from the cleared vegetation and soils. Although there is uncertainty as to the size of this release, it appears to be a major source of atmospheric CO2, second only to the release from the combustion of fossil fuels. This study estimates the release of CO2 from tropical soils using a computer model that simulates land use change in the tropics and data on (1) the carbon content of forest soils before clearing; (2) the changes in the carbon content under the various types of land use; and (3) the area of forest converted to each use. It appears that the clearing and use of tropical soils affects their carbon content to a depth of about 40 cm. Soils of tropical closed forests contain approximately 6.7 kg C m-2; soils of tropical open forests contain approximately 5.2 kg C m-2 to this depth. The cultivation of tropical soils reduces their carbon content by 40% 5 yr after clearing; the use of these soils for pasture reduces it by about 20%. Logging in tropical forests appears to have little effect on soil carbon. The carbon content of soils used by shifting cultivators returns to the level found under primary forest about 35 yr after abandonment. The estimated net release of carbon from tropical soils due to land use change was 1015 g in 1980.''The biogeographic history of southern South America has led to a markedly distinct flora within the frame of the Neotropics, which is also particularly heterogeneous in terms of its eco-geographic distribution. This environmental complexity is at the base of the many and controversial classification systems that have been proposed for the vegetation of the so-called Cono Sur region (Paraguay, Chile, Argentina, Uruguay and parts of Brazil and Bolivia). In this study, we aimed to assess the floristic consistency of the main vegetation types that inhabit the region. Our dataset consisted of 116,130 occurrence records of 3662 species of shrubs and trees in 781 sampling sites spread over six countries and eight phytogeographic domains: Atlantic Forest, Pampa, Gran Chaco, Patagonia, Southern Andean, Mediterranean Chile, Temperate Pacific, and Pacific Islands. We performed a cluster analysis and nonmetric multidimensional scaling ordination analysis of this dataset followed by multi-response permutation procedures and permutational multivariate analysis of variance and taxonomic distinction index and indicator species. The greater differentiation took place among the phytogeographic domains and leaf flush regimes (evergreen, deciduous, and semideciduous) though there was also a remarkable latitudinal gradient. Our analyses showed that the pre-defined vegetation types were consistent in terms of woody flora composition and have a considerable number of indicators, many of which endemic. In terms of conservation prioritization, Atlantic Rain Forest therefore has importance because of its high species richness while temperate and mediterranean forests west of the Andes should not be ignored given that they show much higher endemism than would be expected given their species richness.'"The diversity, considered as richness (numbers) of genera and species, of continental benthic Copepoda of the Americas was examined. Thirty-three local lists of planktonic and benthic Cyclopidae (Eucyclopinae and Cyclopinae), 21 local lists of epibenthic Harpacticoida (Canthocamptidae), and 8 local lists of interstitial Harpacticoida (Parastenocarididae) were compared. Available data do not allow the rejection of the null hypothesis of no significant difference in diversity of tropical and temperate copepod faunas. For Cyclopidae, genera and species were recorded from local areas; linear regression analysis showed no significant correlation between latitude and number of genera and species. For Canthocamptidae, genera and species were recorded locally, with no significant correlation between latitude and number of species; for genera the correlation between latitude and number of genera was strongly positive, but the effect of latitude is small. No relationship between latitude and diversity of the Parastenocarididae was evident from inspection. Endemism of Cyclopidae and Canthocamptidae is significantly greater in South America, as shown by comparisons of similarity coefficient between paired areas. Because of this high degree of endemism, conservation strategies for South American wetland invertebrates should emphasize preservation of many small sites."'Mixed-species flocks of birds have been studied for more than a century, but investigation efforts are historically unbalanced towards certain types of habitats, such as woodlands and lowland forests. Here we provide a first glance of bird patterns across different gradients in recent studies conducted within the Neotropics. We summarize a symposium where a series of independent studies that approached the topic, some of them making use of techniques that were seldom applied in previous decades in Neotropical systems. We discuss bird patterns across a latitudinal gradient, social network patterns in bird across elevational gradients in local and regional scale, and, finally, patterns of flocking response to different levels of human disturbance. Altogether, these studies offer a larger and diverse panorama of possible patterns of response and diversity of mixed-species flocks of birds in the Neotropical region, and provide a rich ground where future studies with bird flocks in the Neotropics may rely on.'' The microclimate and the adaptive significance of the tree-like plant life-form for growth in a tropical alpine environment was investigated with the pachycaul arborescent giant rosette plant, Lobelia rhynchopetalum (Hochst. A. Rich.) Hemsl. in the Bale and Simen Mountains, Ethiopia. The microclimate of plants of three height classes was examined with respect to temperature, relative humidity and the effect of wind. Although the total heat gains were rather similar, leaves of young, still stemless (acaulescent) individuals of Lobelia were subjected to a high diurnal temperature fluctuation of up to compared to a 14-K fluctuation for the leaves of an individual in height. During the cold nights, temperatures of the inner rosette leaves and inside leaf buds of caulescent plants were above air temperature, while corresponding temperatures of acaulescent individuals were below air temperature. The inner temperature of the stem tissue was higher than the surface temperature of the stem by about for most of the cold night. The annual rates of increment in whole plant, stem and rosette height, and stem diameter of L. rhynchopetalum showed that the young, still acaulescent individuals, with an annual increment of in plant height, had the lowest growth rate, compared to 12.1 and for caulescent life-forms. The results show that the most important advantage gained by the tree-like life-form of adult L. rhynchopetalum is probably a more favourable microclimate in which the strong diurnal temperature fluctuations at the ground are mitigated and nocturnal temperatures do not drop below freezing point.''Despite the key role that knowledge on breeding biology of Accipitriformes plays in their management and conservation, survey of the state-of-the-art and of information gaps spanning the entire Neotropics has not been done since 1995. We provide an updated classification of current knowledge about breeding biology of Neotropical Accipitridae and define the taxa that should be prioritized by future studies. We analyzed 440 publications produced since 1995 that reported breeding of 56 species. Tere is a persistent scarcity, or complete absence, of information about the nests of eight species, and about breeding behavior of another ten. Among these species, the largest gap of breeding data refers to the former hawks. Although 66% of the 56 evaluated species had some improvement on knowledge about their breeding traits, research still focus disproportionately on a few regions and species, and the scarcity of breeding data on many South American Accipitridae persists. We noted that analysis of records from both a citizen science digital database and museum egg collections signifcantly increased breeding information on some species, relative to recent literature. We created four groups of priority species for breeding biology studies, based on knowledge gaps and threat categories at global level. Group I (great scarcity of information, plus higher categories of threat): Leptodon forbesi, Cryptoleucopteryx plumbea, and Buteogallus lacernulatus; Group II (breeding data have recently increased, but threat categories are high): Spizaetus isidori, Accipiter gundlachi, Buteogallus coronatus, Pseudastur occidentalis, and Buteo ventralis; Group III species with still scarce breeding information): Accipiter poliogaster, Accipiter collaris, Buteogallus aequinoctialis, and Pseudastur polionotus; and Group IV (other priority cases): Buteo ridgwayi, Buteo galapagoensis, four eagles (Morphnus guianensis, Harpia harpyja, Spizaetus ornatus and Buteogallus solitarius), Leptodon cayanensis, Accipiter superciliosus, Buteogallus schistaceus, and the three Leucopternis hawks (L. semiplumbeus, L. melanops and L. kuhli). We also discuss the way that novel breeding data can show in what manners different species and populations are responding to environmental changes.''The genusPhaseolus (Fabaceae) consists of some 50 species, all of which are distributed in the Americas. Four of these contain cultigens.P. vulgaris (common bean),P. lunatus (lima bean),P. acutifolius (tepary bean),P. coccineus subsp.coccineus (runner bean); andP. coccineus subsp.polyanthus (no English vernacular name). Biochemical seed storage protein and provided new evidence on the organization of the first three species. Domestication has possibly caused a strong reduction in genetic diversity inP. vulgaris andP. acutifolius. BothP. vulgaris andP. lunatus cultivars result from at least two independent domestications, in Mesoamerica and in the Andes. These two species consist of two gene pools, each of which includes wild ancestors and their respective cultivated descendants. Our findings suggest the need for additional emphasis on genetic conservation of wild ancestors and their use in breeding programs and for a comparison of inter-gene pool vs. intra-gene pool crosses in breeding programs.''Overestimation of precipitation over steep mountains has been a long-lasting bias in many climate models. After replacing the semi-Lagrangian method with a finite-difference approach for trace transport algorithm (the two-step shape preserving scheme, TSPAS), the modified NCAR CAM5 (M-CAM5) with high horizontal resolution results in a significant improvement of simulation in precipitation over the steep edge of the Tibetan Plateau. The M-CAM5 restrains the of water vapor to the high-altitude region of the windward slopes and significantly reduces the overestimation of precipitation in areas above along the southern edge of the Tibetan Plateau. More moisture are left in the low-altitude region on the slope where used to present dry biases in CAM5. The excessive (insufficient) amount of precipitation over the higher (lower) part of the steep slope is partially caused by the multi-grid water vapor transport in CAM5, which leads to spurious accumulation of water vapor at cold and high-altitude grids. Benefited from calculation of transport grid by grid in TSPAS and detailed description of steep mountains by the high-resolution model, M-CAM5 moves water vapor and precipitation downward over windward slopes and presents a more realistic simulation. Results in this study indicate that in addition to the development of physical parameterization schemes, the dynamical process should also be reconsidered in order to improve the climate simulation over steep mountains.''The Organization for Flora Neotropica (OFN) is a UNESCO Category B organization with the mission of, among other things, providing published information about the plants and fungi of the New World tropics (Neotropics). OFN was established in 1964, largely through the efforts of Drs. Cuatrecasas and F. Raymond Fosberg. Beginning with the first Flora Neotropica monograph (a treatment ofSwartzia by R. S. Cowan in 1968), 67 volumes treating 905 species of fungi, 18 species of lichens, 228 species of bryophytes, and 5971 species of flowering plants have been published. Despite this impressive record of accomplishment, it is apparent that the rate of monograph production is neither sufficient to supply the need for information about the plants of the Neotropics nor fast enough to keep ahead of the rapid destruction of Neotropical habitats. Recommendations are made for improving the productivity of OFN.'"This article outlines the ecological and ethnobotanical characteristics of the monkey-puzzle tree (Araucariaaraucana), a long-lived conifer of great importance to the indigenous population living in and around its range in the southern Andes. The article also considers the pre-Columbian and historical use of indigenous fire technology. Conclusive evidence of indigenous burning is unavailable. However, our knowledge of native fire ecology elsewhere and our understanding of monkey-puzzle's ecological response to fire suggest that indigenous people probably burned in the past to facilitate the growth of monkey-puzzle trees relative to other species. The obstacles to recovering and redeploying a defunct fire-based production strategy include the vulnerable condition of monkey-puzzle stands after decades of intense logging and burning (by non-indigenous settlers), inadequate access to land and resources by the region's indigenous inhabitants, livestock pressure, depletion of game animals that were once hunted with fire, and reluctance by indigenous people to embrace old production strategies that have been supplanted by new ones based on domesticated animals and crop cultivation. Prescribed burns in selected areas offer an effective way to assess the feasibility of indigenous burning as an alternative to more conventional development initiatives."Abstract not available'The use of native plants was examined in three rural communities in the semi-arid of the state of Pernambuco, in northeastern Brazil. The techniques employed in the present study combined a number of different techniques of data-gathering, including semi-structured interviews, guided tour, key-informants, and participating observation, and sampling of the vegetation to evaluate the biodiversity of useful plants. A total of 61 woody species were cataloged, mostly used for construction purposes or fuel. Among the species that stood out for their local importance and multiplicity of uses were: Myracrodruon urundeuva (Engl.) Fr. All., Schinopsis brasiliensis Engl., and Anadenanthera colubrina (Vell.) Brenan. The first two species are included in Brazilian lists of threatened species. Arguments are presented for strategies of management and conservation of plant resources in the semi-arid region that seek alternatives to the use of timber species and the development of alternative non-timber resources.''Indigenous palm species of Paraguay are presented with data on their diversity, distribution, threats and conservation status. The Paraguayan palm flora consists of 23 native species in 11 genera, representing two of the five subfamilies recognized in the group. The palm distribution in the country is strongly related to the different ecoregions present in Paraguay, with number of species by ecoregion being as follow: Cerrado (18), Upper Parana Atlantic forest (6), Wet Chaco (4), Pantanal (2), and Dry Chaco (1). Half of the species display an acaulescent habit reflecting an interesting ecological adaptation to natural fires in the Cerrado. The alarming rate of habitat modification that the country is undergoing since 1940s has put palms under a high risk of extinction in the wild. A GIS model was used to calculate the extent of occurrence and the area of occupancy of the species in order to assess their conservation status applying the IUCN Red List Categories and Criteria. This analysis shows that about 30% of the species are threatened; one species is Critically Endangered, three of them are Endangered, and three are Vulnerable. One species (Acrocomia hassleri) is considered Near Threatened, 13 are Least Concern whereas two species are insufficiently known and therefore unable to be assessed. Important areas for palm conservation in Paraguay were identified, revealing the importance of the Amambay department. Conservation measures for the threatened species identified are proposed.'"The Latin American Plant Sciences Network (Red Latinoamericana de is a consortium of Centers of Excellence in Latin America designed to increase innovative scientific capacity in the plant sciences by providing graduate level training to students throughout the region. Training centers are located in Mexico, Costa Rica, Venezuela, Brazil, Chile, and Argentina, with headquarters at the Universidad de Chile, Santiago, Chile. During the initial five-year period, the Network has trained 70 graduate students (Doctoral, Master, and short-term trainees); has supported 67 research projects, 21 graduate courses, and 48 scientific events; and has provided minor infrastructure to the training centers for a total cost of US$1,245,645 (including Network administration and coordination). The Network has had a major impact in breaking isolation among the Latin American countries and stimulating collaborative scientific efforts. The Network's experience is of relevance to the promotion of agroforestry research and education in the region."'The orchid genera Masdevallia and Dracula bear very strange and bizarre flowers. They are, however, very popular with plant enthusiasts and there is a fair amount of commercial trade in these genera. The genera belong to a sub-tribe of the orchids, the Pleurothallidinae, which otherwise mostly have small and insignificant flowers. The majority of the species of Masdevallia and Dracula have been reported from single localities and approximately two thirds of all species are found at three or fewer sites. Most genera in the sub-tribe have similar distribution patterns. Using published deforestation rates and species distribution profiles we calculate that 402 of the total 3405 pleurothallid species may have been driven to extinction by random deforestation events. It is possible that as many as 46 Masdevallia species and 14 Dracula species have already been lost and that annual extinction rates for the two genera are 1 and 0.3 species per year respectively. It has been suggested that the two genera should be protected, by listing them in CITES Appendix I. It is unlikely that embargoes on trade would change extinction rates caused by forest conversion. Such embargoes might actually hamper ex situ conservation efforts.'"Starting in 1978, a vigorous conservation policy was established in Estado Amazonas, then the still remote and isolated southernmost part of Venezuela, covering approximately 175 750 km2. At present, four national parks, 17 natural monuments and one biosphere reserve exist in the Venezuelan Amazon, including approx. 92 000 km2; furthermore, since January 1978 all commercial logging activities, and since June 1989 all commercial mining activities have been legally banned in the Venezuelan Amazon. With more than 50% of the entire state now under protection and a population density still as low as 0.6 inhabitants/km2, one would assume that the environmental future of this region looks very bright. There are, however, a number of serious problems menacing this optimistic view: in the first place, the local population, both indigenous and immigrated, does not sincerely support this protection policy, especially with reference to the prohibition of mining and logging activities, which is considered to undermine the economic development of the region; second, none of the protected areas have been provided with a management plan, and the national authority in charge of the reinforcement of these protected areas is hopelessly understaffed, although not lacking funds; third, the establishment of guerrilla in many areas bordering Estado Amazonas on the west has caused increasing corruption of local authorities favoring illegal invasions by miners and other traders into the relatively quiet Venezuelan hinterland, often included in one of the protection categories mentioned above. During the last decade, there has been considerable interest from the international community to reinforce Venezuela's protection capacities in Estado Amazonas; especially, the World Bank, the European Union, the Spanish and German cooperation agencies have offered substantial support towards this goal. The success of these efforts, however, will depend mainly upon the political willingness of the new government to transform the many decrees now on paper into reality, and to resume seriously the role of regional leader in environmental concern which it held 20 years ago."'Bago River is an important river in Myanmar. Although shorter than other rivers, it has its own river system, and people along the river rely heavily on it for their daily lives. The upper part of the watershed has changed rapidly from closed forest to open forest land in the 1990s. Since the recent degradation of the forest environment, annual flooding has become worse during the rainy season in Bago City. This paper aims at determining soil conservation prioritization of watershed based on soil loss due to erosion and morphometric analysis in the Bago Watershed by integrating remote sensing and geographic information system (GIS) techniques. In this study, soil erosion of the Bago watershed was determined using the Universal Soil Loss Equation. Such factormaps as rainfall, soil erodibility, slope length gradient, and crop management were compiled as input parameters for the modeling; and the soil loss from 26 sub-watersheds were estimated. Then, the soil erosion maps of the Bago watershed for 2005 were developed. The resulting Soil Loss Tolerance Map could be utilized in developing watershed management planning, forestry management planning, etc.''BackgroundBotanists, ecologists and evolutionary biologists are familiar with the astonishing species richness and endemism of the fynbos of the Cape Floristic Region and the ancient and unique flora of the kwongkan of south-western Australia. These regions represent old climatically-buffered infertile landscapes (OCBILs) that are the basis of a general hypothesis to explain their richness and endemism. However, few ecologists are familiar with the campo rupestre of central and eastern Brazil, an extremely old mountaintop ecosystem that is both a museum of ancient lineages and a cradle of continuing diversification of endemic lineages.ScopeDiversification of some lineages of campo rupestre pre-dates diversification of lowland cerrado, suggesting it may be the most ancient open vegetation in eastern South America. This vegetation comprises more than 5000 plant species, nearly of plant diversity, in an area corresponding to of its surface. Reviewing empirical data, we scrutinise five predictions of the OCBIL theory, and show that campo rupestre is fully comparable to and remarkably convergent with both fynbos and kwongkan, and fulfills the criteria for a classic OCBIL.ConclusionsThe increasing threats to campo rupestre are compromising ecosystem services and we argue for the implementation of more effective conservation and restoration strategies.''Altitude and environmental variables such as edaphic properties are considered determinants of species distribution and community composition in mountain ecosystems. Here, we aimed to outline the effects of distinct mountain peaks, altitude and soil properties on community composition, species density, phylogenetic structure and diversity of angiosperm communities from the Serra do Brigadeiro State Park, Minas Gerais, southeastern Brazil. For that, we identified all angiosperm species found in 300 plots (1 m 1 m) from three mountain peaks, measured soil depth and analyzed soil fertility and texture in each plot. To reduce the number of soil variables and species composition, we computed principal coordinates based on soil properties and principal coordinates based on species-plot matrix for each plot. Furthermore, we computed the standard effect sizes of the mean phylogenetic pairwise distance and the mean nearest phylogenetic taxon distance for each plot to investigate differences in the degree of relatedness among coexisting species. We compared differences in response variables between peaks and modelled them in function of altitude and principle components of soil properties using mixed effect models. Species density and phylogenetic diversity differed between peaks, but, contrary to the previous findings, no relationships between species richness or phylogenetic diversity and altitude or soil properties were found, indicating that further investigations are necessary to understand the altitude-biodiversity relationship in Brazilian vegetation. Community composition differed between peaks and depended on altitude, soil properties and interactions between them, indicating that upward shifting of bioclimatic conditions due to climate changes may alter communities of this ecosystem. Phylogenetic structure differed between peaks and was influenced by altitude and soil properties. As phylogenetic clustering increased with altitude, eventual upward movements of species in Brazilian vegetation due to climate change may alter community composition and the degree of relatedness among coexisting species, increasing the risk of species from higher altitudes to disappear. Therefore, conservation priorities arise for higher landscape portions, where these high altitude species may find refuges.''The lima bean,Phaseolus lunatus L., is a bean species with a broad distribution in the Americas that rivals that of common bean (P. vulgaris). In order to better understand the organization of genetic diversity and the pattern of domestication in lima bean, a review was conducted of the available information on the geographic distribution of wild and cultivated forms of this species. In addition, one-dimensional SDS polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of seed proteins was also conducted on a sample of 84 wild, 6 weedy, and 426 cultivated forms. Results show that wild forms can be divided into two groups, one with smaller seeds and a very extensive distribution that includes Mexico, Central America, and the eastern slope of the Andes, and the other with a more circumscribed distribution on the western slope of the Andes in Ecuador and northern Peru. Electrophoretic analyses of seed proteins confirmed this subdivision and, additionally, showed that the large-seeded cultivars had been domesticated from the large-seeded wild lima beans in western South America. For the small-seeded lima bean cultivars, it was not possible to determine a domestication center as the most abundant protein pattern in the cultivars also had a widespread distribution in the small-seeded wild progenitor. Electrophoretic analyses showed, however, that domestication led to a reduction of genetic diversity in the small-seeded, Mesoamerican group, but not in the large-seeded group. The latter may be due to insufficient sampling of the larger-seeded, wild germplasm.''RAPD markers were used to evaluate the genetic variability and structure of seven morphologically defined landraces of pejibaye (Bactris gasipaes Kunth, Palmae) to determine their validity and phylogenetic relationships. Two hundred and twenty plants of four Amazonian and three Central American landraces of var.gasipaes (the domesticate) and 30 plants of var.chichagui (H. Karsten) Henderson (the crop ancestor) maintained at the National Research Institute for Amazonia, Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil, were utilized. Eight RAPD primers yielded 113 markers, with good reproducibility, of which 97 were polymorphic. The four Amazonian landraces had an average heterozygosity of 0.30, with 86% polymorphism, greater than the Central American landraces (0.25; 74.3%) and var.chichagui (0.27; 80%). Among landrace genetic diversity (GST) was 15%, while within (Hs) was 85%, essentially equivalent to the AMOVA within (82.2%) and among (17.8%) variances. The Jaccard similarities, PCA, gene flow coefficients and Exact tests suggested that only one landrace exists in Central America, called Utilis after the first taxon described there, and that the landrace is part of the Putumayo landrace, rather than a separate entity. The and Pampa Hermosa landraces were validated in accordance with their morphometric interpretations. The dendrogram of genetic distances among valid landraces and var.chichagui supported the hypothesis of a single origin for pejibaye in southwestern Amazonia, with two migration routes: one to the northeast, becoming the landrace, and another to the northwest along the Andes, spreading into western Amazonia (Pampa Hermosa and Putumayo landraces) and across the Andes, reaching Central America (Utilis landrace).'Abstract not available'The purpose of this study was to examine how tree diversity, richness, and structural characteristics as well as above-ground biomass varies along a small-scale elevation gradient from 601 to above sea level (m.a.s.l.) in an Evergreen Andean Amazon forest and their implications in terms of carbon storage. Trees with diameter at breast height greater than were surveyed in 20 permanent plots, five at each elevation site. We determined species richness, density, basal area, aerial biomass and calculated a biomass importance value (BIV). The 1378 trees surveyed were mainly contained in the families Moraceae (17 species) Fabaceae (16) and Meliaceae (10). Species richness significantly increased along the small-scale elevation gradient and was greatest in the range of Aerial biomass varied between 246.8 and grams per hectare and did not differ along the gradient At the highest tree density, the highest BIV of Iriartea deltoidea was found at The disproportionate contribution of a few species, some being the least abundant but with high AGB in our surveys (e.g., Sterculia sp., Nectandra sp., Ficus sp., and Inga sp.) to carbon stocks is important to consider in furture research on carbon sequestration. As the production of above-ground biomass was concentrated in a few species, some uncommon, decision making in reforestation programs and how species should be selected may have implications when measuring and promoting carbon storage.''Climate change is not only a major threat to biodiversity, it is also a big challenge to the development of conservation strategies. Scientists and practitioners need to select or avoid areas at greatest risk for species protection, i.e., acting in a proactive or a reactive manner. This proactive/reactive dichotomy takes a particular formulation under the likely changes in climate. Selecting for low-risk areas (usually referred to as climate refugia) is supposed to protect more species with a greater guarantee of their long-term persistence. As a consequence, populations at greatest risk are left unprotected and probably committed to extinction. On the other hand, managing species in high-risk areas is more expensive than setting aside areas of climate refugia and encompasses a set of uncertainties, which makes highly-threatened species more costly and difficult to save. Here, we combine ecological niche models and metrics of climate change to develop spatial conservation schemes for mammals in the Brazilian Amazon. These schemes efficiently identify networks of high-risk and refugia priority areas within species current and future distributions, while complementing the protection already achieved by the network of protected areas (PAs). We found that, on average, 25% of mammal distribution is already represented in the established network of PAs. Also, 26% of high-risk and 17% of refugia priority areas overlap with indigenous lands. In addition, species distributions were found mostly in high-risk, compared to in refugia priority areas. We highlight that the strategy to be employed does not necessarily should be binary and a mix of both strategies would guarantee the protection of a larger number of species.'"Earth's biodiversity is being overtaken by a mass extinction which, if allowed to proceed unchecked, could well eliminate between one quarter and one half of all species. Our conservation responses must be science-based if we are to address the problem in its full scope and with most productive use of conservation resources. Yet our scientific understanding of the impending mass extinction is inadequate in many salient respects. We have only a rudimentary grasp of the number of species at risk, of biodiversity depletion processes, of island biogeography in practice, and of evolutionary consequences, to cite but a few leading questions. The same applies to the issue of the most efficient strategies to confront the conservation challenge. Worse, there is scant evidence (due in part to gross lack of funding) of a comprehensive and coordinated campaign to mount a research effort of scope to match the problem. The paper broaches ten key questions that warrant urgent attention."'The varied altitudinal gradient of climate and vegetation is further complicated by mass elevation effect (MEE), especially in high and extensive mountain regions. However, this effect and its implications for mountain altitudinal belts have not been well studied until recently. This paper provides an overview of the research carried out in the past 5 years. MEE is virtually the heating effect of mountain massifs and can be defined as the temperature difference on a given elevation between inside and outside of a mountain mass. It can be digitally modelled with three factors of intra-mountain base elevation (MBE), latitude and hygrometric continentality; MBE usually acts as the primary factor for the magnitude of MEE and, to a great extent, could represent MEE. MEE leads to higher treelines in the interior than in the outside of mountain masses. It makes montane forests to grow at m and snowlines to develop at about 6000 m in the southern Tibetan Plateau and the central Andes, and large areas of forests to live above 3500 m in a lot of high mountains of the world. The altitudinal distribution of global treelines can be modelled with high precision when taking into account MEE and the result shows that MEE contributes the most to treeline distribution pattern. Without MEE, forests could only develop upmost to about 3500 m above sea level and the world ecological pattern would be much simpler. The quantification of MEE should be further improved with higher resolution data and its global implications are to be further revealed.''The Ronnbergia Alliance is a recently described lineage composed of two highly supported and identifiable clades with strong geographic correlation: the Pacific and the Atlantic clades. These clades, however, are composed by species currently placed in the polyphyletic genera Aechmea, Hohenbergia, and Ronnbergia. This study aims to reorganize the species that comprise both the Pacific and Atlantic clades into stable and predictable taxonomic categories. In this context, the 26 species that compose the Pacific clade are here circumscribed in the genus Ronnbergia, whereas the 44 species grouped in the Atlantic clade are assigned to the resurrected genus Wittmackia. An updated circumscription of these two genera is presented, including a taxonomic key to recognize the species. Additionally, the respective taxonomic transferences and general information to the species are presented in the form of a synopsis. This taxonomic treatment will facilitate future approaches on the study of the systematics, conservation, and evolution of the Ronnbergia Alliance.''Ethnopedology is the study of local knowledge of soil and land management in an ecological perspective. It is an emerging hybrid discipline that is a component of ethnoecology and stands to offer much for land-based studies. This paper reviews the field of ethnopedology in Latin America and compares some of the many case studies from that region. Various literature sources are considered, including the ethnographical, ethnohistorical, archaeological, geographical, agronomic, ethnoecological, and development studies. Our review invokes the theory of ethnoecology that focuses on the linkages between kosmos (beliefs and symbolic representations), corpus (environmental knowledge), and praxis (the set of practical operations through which the material appropriation of nature takes place) of local land-users. The main topics covered are the ethnohistorical and archaeological evidence of ethnopedology, local soil and land classification, local land management systems, local perceptions and beliefs of soil and land resources, and local soil fertility management. After analysing past and present research trends, recommendations are given on how ethnopedological studies can contribute to enhance sustainable land use and management in Latin America.''Despite low in situ primary productivity, tropical oligotrophic rivers support highly diverse fish assemblages and productive fisheries. This raises the question, what energy sources support fish production in these ecosystems? We sampled fish and food resources in the floodplain of a nearly pristine, large, oligotrophic river in western Amazonia. We combined data from stomach contents and stable isotopes to test the hypothesis that floodplain forests sustain fisheries in tropical oligotrophic rivers. Analysis of stomach contents specimens of 12 omnivorous fish species demonstrated that during the annual flood, forest plant matter dominated diets. Yet, our isotope mixing models estimated that arthropods from the forest canopy made a greater proportional contribution to fish biomass. Most of these arthropods are entirely terrestrial and, therefore, serve as trophic links between forests and fishes. Our results suggest that forest vegetation, particularly fruits, may provide much of the energy supporting metabolism and arthropods contribute significant amounts of protein for somatic growth. Moreover, the importance of terrestrial arthropods in support of fish biomass in oligotrophic rivers depends on interactions between riparian vegetation, terrestrial arthropods and flood pulse dynamics affecting accessibility of arthropods to fishes. The apparent paradox of high fish diversity in an oligotrophic river with low primary productivity may be explained, at least partially, by dynamic trophic linkages. This study further emphasizes the importance of seasonally flooded forests for sustaining fisheries in the Amazon.''Five species of Gymnopus section Levipedes are reported for tropical South America. Two of these, Gymnopus macropus and G. nubicola, are newly described. Collybia laccata is considered synonymous with G. mucubajiensis comb. nov. now known from Andean Ecuador; both were originally described from the Venezuelan Gymnopus alkalivirens and G. semihirtipes are compared to G. mucubajiensis. Gymnopus spongiosus, previously known from the eastern United States, is newly reported from Colombian Quercus forests and is proposed as a new combination. Gymnopus dryophilus is, at present, not known from tropical South America, but extralimital material from nearby Costa Rica is described for comparison. No known species of Collybia s.str. have been identified from tropical South America.''We estimated carbon pools and emissions from deforestation in northern Argentine forests between 1900 and 2005, based on forest inventories, deforestation estimates from satellite images and historical data on forests and agriculture. Carbon fluxes were calculated using a book-keeping model. We ran 1000 simulations for a 105-year period with different combinations of values of carbon stocks soil carbon in the top and annual deforestation series. The 1000 combinations of parameters were performed as a sensitivity analysis that for each run, randomly selected the values of each variable within a predefined range of values and probability distributions. Using the simulation outputs, we calculated the accumulated C emissions due to deforestation from 1900 to 2005 and the annual emission as the average of the 1000 simulations, and uncertainties of our estimates as the standard deviation. We found that northern Argentine forests contain an estimated C (2.312 Pg C in biomass and 2.233 Pg C in soil). Between 1900 and 2005 approximately 30% of the forests were deforested, yielding carbon emissions of 0.945 Pg C. Estimated average annual carbon emissions between 1996 and 2005, mostly from deforestation of the Chaco dry forests, were 20,875 Gg C (1 Pg). These values represent the largest source of carbon from land-cover change in the extra-tropical southern hemisphere, between 0.9 and 2.7% of the global carbon emissions from deforestation, and approximately 10% of carbon emissions from the Brazilian Amazon. Deforestation, which has accelerated during the last decades as a result of modern agriculture expansion, represents a major national source of greenhouse gases and the second emission source, after fossil fuel consumption by fixed sources. We conclude that Argentine forests are an important carbon pool and emission source that need more attention for accurate global estimates, and seasonally dry forest deforestation is a key component of the Argentine carbon cycle.'argus (Latreille in Ann Mus Hist Nat Paris 1804) is the lobster of greatest economic importance throughout its distribution. In this study, mitochondrial (Cytochrome Oxidase I and 16S ribosomal genes) and nuclear (Adenine Nucleotide Transporter gene) sequences were used to evaluate the taxonomic status of P. argus sampled from five sites in the Caribbean Sea and nine sites in the Southwest Atlantic. Phylogenetic analyses indicate that lobsters from the two regions form two monophyletic groups with a molecular divergence similar to that observed between distinct congeneric lobster species and much larger than that found between conspecific lobster populations. Therefore, the Caribbean and the Southwest Atlantic lobster populations originally attributed to P. argus belong to different species, with an estimated time of isolation of around 16 Million years. An important consequence of these findings is that the fisheries of spiny lobsters from the Caribbean and the Southwest Atlantic species must be managed separately.''Prolonged investigations of past and present use of wetland margins in various lowlands within Latin America have yielded a wealth of detail. It has become necessary to search out regularities in the natural environmental context and the human adaptations, all of which can be done advantageously in the context of the concept of landscape. Such a move in the direction of theory is attempted here by means of a heuristic model and an exploration of variations in its expression. The discussion of seasonal as well as longer termed change in the natural environment and human adaptation is easily accomodated. The essay includes a brief consideration of some of the recent directions in the investigation of the tropical wetland landscape.''Understanding the drivers of nutrient distributions across heterogeneous tropical landscapes, and the implication of those distributions for ecosystem processes, remains a challenge in biogeochemistry. Guided by a high-resolution digital elevation model, we determined soil chemical characteristics, including rock-derived nutrient availability and total element concentrations, along 16 hillslopes with two different morphologies on a terra firme landscape in the lowland Peruvian Amazon. We assessed the role of geomorphic processes in rejuvenating soils, and the role of biotic processes in retaining nutrients in surface soils along toposequences. Our results show that the chemical weathering state of subsurface soils decreases down convex slopes, suggesting a role for erosion-driven rejuvenation. Total phosphorus (P) and calcium (Ca) are less depleted in surface soils than subsurface soils, in contrast to the vertical patterns observed for total magnesium (Mg) and potassium (K). Exchangeable Ca and Mg are highly concentrated in surface soils relative to the total available in the top meter of soil, which remains true as the total amount of these nutrients available in the top meter of soil increases along convex hillslopes. The combined results suggest that Ca is especially tightly cycled by this tropical forest ecosystem, and that steep, eroding hillslopes play a major role in the distribution and rejuvenation of rock-derived nutrients in regions far from marine aerosol and dust inputs. Geomorphically-mediated distributions of these nutrients, in turn, may underpin spatial variation in tropical forest carbon dynamics.''Three fish assemblages (functional groups according to estuary use) were examined, which presented different responses to environmental variations, mainly associated to the dry and rainy seasons and high and low salinities and temperatures in the Buenaventura Bay estuary, Colombia, Tropical Eastern Pacific. In total, 4674 individuals were collected, belonging to 69 species of 29 families. The most abundant species was Sphoeroides trichocephalus (35% of the total density). The assemblage of estuarine-resident fishes showed high tolerance to environmental variations since these were present all along the estuary and throughout the year. The assemblage of marine species was associated with the rainy season and low salinities and temperatures. The assemblages of marine estuarine opportunist fishes were associated with areas of higher environmental variability in both seasons, dry and rainy. Fish species belonging to the same functional group showed variations in their response to environmental changes which evidenced complex spatial and temporal dynamics. Understanding these changes is necessary to generate effective management plans based on scientific ecological knowledge, which include environmental impacts present in this estuary such as microplastics, heavy metals, and effects of dredging, and their effects on the ecosystem.''Although the significance of canopy plant communities to ecosystem function is well documented, the process by which such communities become established in trees remains poorly known. Colonization of tree surfaces by canopy-dwelling plants often begins with the establishment of bryophytes, so the conditions that affect the dispersal of bryophytes in the forest canopy merit study. We assessed success rates of one mechanism of bryophyte propagation, the aerial dispersal of macroscopic fragments, using an experimental approach. We quantified interception and retention of marked fragments released from a 36 cm grid 50 cm above branches of saplings and mature trees of the species Ocotea tonduzii in a montane cloud forest in Costa Rica. Only 1% of bryophyte fragments dropped over sapling crowns in this manner were retained for the 6-month duration of the study, while branches in the forest canopy with intact epiphyte loads and branches that had been stripped of their epiphytes retained 24% and 5%, respectively. Our results suggest that larger-diameter branches and the presence of other epiphytes can both improve the retention of bryophyte fragments on canopy branches. Further work will be needed to address the relative roles of other dispersal mechanisms (spores, gemmae, microscopic bryophyte fragments) and the dynamics of growth and establishment of macroscopic bryophyte fragments following their interception.''Growing evidence suggests short-duration climate events may drive community structure and composition more directly than long-term climate means, particularly at ecotones where taxa are close to their physiological limits. Here we use an empirical habitat model to evaluate the role of microclimate during a strong El in structuring a tropical montane cloud upper limit and composition in We interpolate climate surfaces, derived from a high-density network of climate stations, to permanent vegetation plots. Climatic predictor variables include (1) total rainfall, (2) mean relative humidity, and (3) mean temperature representing non-El periods and a strong El drought. Habitat models explained species composition within the cloud forest with non-El rainfall; however, the ecotone at the cloud upper limit was modeled with relative humidity during a strong El drought and secondarily with non-El rainfall. This forest ecotone may be particularly responsive to strong, short-duration climate variability because taxa here, particularly the isohydric dominant Metrosideros polymorpha, are near their physiological limits. Overall, this study demonstrates overarching influence on a tropical montane ecosystem, and suggests that short-term climate events affecting moisture status are particularly relevant at tropical ecotones. This study further suggests that predicting the consequences of climate change here, and perhaps in other tropical montane settings, will rely on the skill and certainty around future climate models of regional rainfall, relative humidity, and El'Natural resources in a tropical country like Peru are often overestimated. Peru is characterized by a wide range of regional differences, varied physical settings, and numerous natural hazards. Some climatical and hydrological conditions are examined and the factors causing instability in agricultural and nonagricultural production are discussed. Natural resources must be evaluated in the framework of internal political, social, and economic circumstances. Several points are recommended to foster economic development when considering the constraints of the physical environment.''The goal of this paper is to put the issue of preserving Soil Organic Matter (SOM) into a regional, urban-rural, context. In doing so, we apply the method of material flux analysis to a watershed in in Colombia. We estimate the order of magnitude of the dry organic matter and carbon fluxes between the rural and urban parts of the region, including estimates on biomass growth, tillage, organic waste, and sewage. These estimates are used to derive potentials for carbon cycling between rural and urban areas. It is shown that (i) for the municipality of Tunja, the treated organic wastes produced in the urban area could add about 30% to the current carbon input into arable soils; (ii) to preserve the organic carbon content in soils in Tunja over the long-term, either, erosion control measures have to be implemented and/or the total treated urban organic wastes have to be concentrated on about 1/5 of the agricultural area. However, such an attempt has to consider the possible trade off between allocation needs (poor farmers on the hillside) and allocation costs (transportation and distribution costs).''Many animals use conspicuous display to attract mates, and there should be selection for displays to occur at times and places that maximise the probability of mating, while minimising energetic costs and predator attraction. To select the best times for display, individuals may use environmental cues, the presence of other individuals, or both, but few studies have examined these sources of variation in display activity. In this study, we examined physical environmental and social factors triggering displays in a tropical, terrestrially breeding frog, Cophixalus ornatus. To measure the influence of physical environmental conditions on calling activity, we recorded temperature, rainfall, moon illumination/visibility, humidity, barometric pressure and intensity of calling activity throughout a breeding season at six locations along a 560-m transect. The intensity of calling varied daily, seasonally, and at a small spatial scale. Variation in calling activity from day to day was large. There was also a strong seasonal trend in calling activity: few males called at the start of the season, activity peaked shortly after the beginning of the season, and then declined linearly from the peak to the end of the season. There was also consistent variation among sites along the transect, which may have been due to variations in frog density at each site, or to consistent microscale variations in physical conditions, or both. After statistically removing consistent local variation among sites, a principal components analysis suggested that a maximum of 35.8% of the variation in calling activity among days was due to factors common to all sites, such as weather, moon illumination, or large-scale social facilitation (e.g. of choruses by other choruses). The remainder of the variation among sites (64.2%) was due to site-specific factors, such as small-scale social facilitation or unmeasured, apparently stochastic effects, such as microenvironmental physical factors that do not vary consistently over sites. Regressions of environmental variables on residual calling activity (after removing consistent effects of site and season), alone or in combination, accounted for very little of the variation in the number of calling males (maximum 10%). Thus, our data, showing strong seasonal effects and consistent variation among sites combined with large amounts of variation in the number of calling males at small spatial scales, suggest that environmental conditions, such as temperature, rainfall, moon illumination and barometric pressure, which act over large spatial scales, may determine the overall environmental envelope within which calling can occur but do not account for most of the variation in the number of calling males on a day-to-day or site-to-site basis. Similarly, variations in the number of calling males at small spatial scales suggest that social facilitation is a relatively unimportant trigger for displays on a large scale in these frogs. On the other hand, our data suggest that social facilitation may have important effects on variation in the number of calling males on a day-to-day and site-to-site basis. We used playback experiments to assess whether the sound of calling could initiate displays. We played either a taped chorus or white noise in areas where few (zero to two) males were calling. The number of calling males increased both during and after the chorus stimulus, whereas there was no increase in calling in response to white noise. These data suggest that examining variation in calling activity at small spatial scales can reveal the sources of variation for the number of calling males, and indicate that, in these frogs, males tend to use the calling of other individuals as a cue to determine when to display.''The horticultural strategies of traditional tropical agriculturists center on the preservation of harvest security. In addition to cultivating simultaneously numerous species of crops, traditional tropical farmers also plant multiple varieties of each crop. These cultivars are frequently distinguished on the basis of color, ranging from white to yellow to red to purple. In addition to varying in appearance and taste and in resistance to environmental stresses, the color-based varieties often differ in length of growing season. By practicing multicolored, intraspecific polyculture, the traditional tropical farmer either provides himself several opportunities to secure a complete single harvest and/or staggers his harvest throughout the year and thus, in either case, preserves his lifestyle. Acceptance of Green Revolution technologies by traditional tropical farmers would accelerate if they were offered multiple, high-yielding varieties of staple food crops of varying color and maturation periods.''Many multi-regional studies investigating how available habitat area, energy availability, and historical refugia drive freshwater fish diversity have emphasized Northern Hemisphere and tropical areas. Furthermore, while many such studies have examined diversity drivers on basin-scale species richness (i.e., gamma diversity), they typically have not evaluated beta diversity or phylogenetic diversity nor included representative numbers of Southern Hemisphere basins unassociated with tropical rainforests. Here, we examine 784 basins and present the first comprehensive evaluation of the driving effects of gamma diversity and the patterns of beta and phylogenetic diversity across extra-tropical Southern Hemisphere (ETSH) freshwater fish communities. We find that ETSH gamma diversity does not show a strong historical legacy associated with glaciations, and is influenced more by factors related with habitat area and available energy. Additionally, ETSH regions show high beta and phylogenetic diversity and low levels of diadromy, except New Zealand, which shows narrow species diversity and cosmopolitan species dominance. Finally, phylogenetic diversity indicates how the endemism of the three ETSH Mediterranean-climate regions is characteristic of long-term isolation and persistence. These results demonstrate ETSH freshwater fish diversity to be distinct from both the tropics and their Northern Hemisphere latitudinal counterparts.''Understanding how to improve decision use of scientific information across their different scales of management is a core challenge for narrowing the gap between science and conservation practice. Here, we present a study conducted in collaboration with decision makers that aims to explore the functionality of the mechanisms for scientific input within the institutional setting of the National Protected Area Network of Peru. First, we analyzed institutional mechanisms to assess the scientific information recorded by decision makers. Second, we developed two workshops involving scientists, decision makers and social actors to identify barriers to evidence-based conservation practice. Third, we administered 482 questionnaires to stakeholders to explore social perceptions of the role of science and the willingness to collaborate in the governance of protected areas. The results revealed that (1) the institutional mechanisms did not effectively promote the compilation and application of scientific knowledge for conservation practice; (2) six important barriers hindered scientific input in management decisions; and (3) stakeholders showed positive perceptions about the involvement of scientists in protected areas and expressed their willingness to collaborate in conservation practice. This collaborative research helped to (1) identify gaps and opportunities that should be addressed for increasing the effectiveness of the institutional mechanisms and (2) support institutional changes integrating science-based strategies for strengthening scientific input in decision-making. These insights provide a useful contextual orientation for scholars and decision makers interested in conducting empirical research to connect scientific inputs with operational aspects of the management cycle in other institutional settings around the world.''Cinchona officinalis L., a tree species endemic to the cloud forests of the northern Tropical Andes, has suffered from historical bark harvesting for extraction of antimalarial compounds and has also experienced recent demographic losses from high rates of deforestation. Most remnant populations are found in severely degraded habitat on the edges of pastures while a minority are protected in private reserves. The goals of our research were to assess the genetic diversities of fragmented populations of C. officinalis in the Loja province of southern Ecuador, characterize their phylogeographic distribution with respect to the complex topography, and identify priority populations for conservation. Five nuclear microsatellite loci and the chloroplast rps16 intron were used to analyze six populations. Moderate levels of genetic diversity were found in all populations although the more remote southern population (Angashcola) had slightly higher heterozygosity and allelic richness. There were no indications of recent genetic bottlenecks although an rps16 intron haplotype was fixed in four populations. Genetic distance analysis based on microsatellite data placed the four easternmost populations in the same clade while the Angashcola population was the most divergent. Also, the most frequent rps16 intron haplotype in Angashcola was not found in any other population. Although each of the studied populations should be protected from further deforestation and agricultural expansion, the Angashcola population deserves highest conservation priority.'1969, Ford offered a comprehensive model for the diffusion of ceramic production and Formative lifeways in the New World. Although criticized as simplistic, it was echoed by other models, such as Lathrap's spread of Tropical Forest culture outward from a lowland South American hearth. Radiocarbon dates suggest that the earliest American pottery appears in the Amazon basin as early as 6000 B.C. However, there is little support for an Amazonas spread of pottery technology. Diffusionary models predict early complexes will resemble one another at first and then diverge over time, but comparative analysis reveals substantial variability even at the earliest time level. Heterogeneity among the earliest complexes indicates several likely hearths for the independent evolution of ceramic production, including (1) lowland Brazil, (2) northern Colombia, (3) coastal Ecuador, (4) coastal Peru, (5) central Panama, (6) southern Mesoamerica, (7) the southeastern United States, and (8) the central United States."'In Eastern South America, high altitude grasslands represent a mountain system that has a high number of endemic species. However, studies on the ecology of plant communities in these environments remain scarce. We aimed to evaluate the patterns of biodiversity and structure of plant communities from rocky outcrops in high altitude grasslands of three areas at the National Park, southeastern Brazil, by sampling 300 randomly distributed plots. Then, we compared the floristic composition, relative abundance, and biological and vegetation spectra among areas. We classified species as endemic and non-endemic and verified the occurrence of endangered species. Species richness was evaluated by rarefaction analysis on the sampling units. The importance value and species abundance distribution (SAD) models were assessed. We also performed an indicator species analysis. We sampled 58 species belonging to 49 genera and 32 families. The number of species decreased with increasing altitude, with significant differences being observed among areas regarding richness, abundance, and cover. Of the total number of species, 10 are endemic to the National Park and 17 are listed on the Brazilian Red List of endangered species. The dominant families on all peaks were Asteraceae and Poaceae. The SAD models showed lognormal and geometric distributions, corroborating the fact that 10 species that were common to all three areas were also the most dominant ones in the communities and showed the highest importance values, which ranged between 35% and 60%. Indicator species analysis revealed that 28 species (48.27%) were indicators. Of these, 42.85% had maximum specificity, meaning that they occurred only in one area. Thus, the number of species per life form ratio was similar among areas, yet vegetation spectra differed, especially for hemicryptophytes. The altimetric difference among the areas showed to be a very important driver in the community assembly, influencing the evaluated variables, however, other drivers as soil depth, slope and water could also influence the community structure on a smaller and local spatial scale.''High Andean mountain forests, formed almost purely by trees of the genus Polylepis, occur nowadays as scattered remnant patches of a more continuous past distribution. Apparently, the destruction of Polylepis forests has mainly been caused by millennia of human disturbance, although forest distribution may also have fluctuated according to prevailing climatic conditions. Nowadays, the remaining Polylepis forest stands are still threatened by anthropogenic disturbance, which gradually degrades the forests. The aim of our study was to test if the structural variation of Polylepis forest patches, as an indication of forest degradation, can be predicted by accessibility to humans. The study was carried out in the Cordilleras Vilcanota and Vilcabamba, Cuzco, Peru. We used indices of forest biomass and proportion of vegetative regeneration as forest structural variables. First we examined the dependence of these variables on elevation with linear regressions. We did this separately for different Polylepis species and combining the species within humid and dry areas. Thereafter, we used the residual forest structural variation to assess possible relationships with accessibility, quantified as geographical distance to the nearest village, road or market centre. We found several significant relationships between the structural variables and accessibility, which may reflect different landscape related preferences in forest use. The results suggest accessibility can be used for rapid spatial prediction of Polylepis forest degradation, which facilitates identifying Polylepis forests that are potentially the most degraded and therefore in the most urgent need of restoration or conservation activities.''To describe comparative population genetic structure of the Chilean silverside Basilichthys microlepidotus and the catfish Trichomycterus areolatus, four rivers and three sites within each river were investigated by the analysis of haplotype polymorphisms of the mitochondrial Control Region. For both species, analyses revealed significant differentiation among rivers and low differences within rivers. However, the species differ in haplotype composition; individuals of B. microlepidotus shared some haplotypes in all four rivers, while individuals of T. areolatus showed a different haplotype composition in most rivers. This difference may be explained by the different ecological features of the species. Assuming that both silversides and catfish were present before the separation of the rivers, B. microlepidotus migrated after river isolation, probably using coastal water, while T. areolatus has probably never migrated between these rivers. The long times that the studied rivers have been separated should be taken into account in future conservation plans for the freshwater fish of Chile.'affinities among cloud forests in the Neotropical region were studied through a track approach, by constructing generalised tracks based on the results of a parsimony analysis of endemicity (PAE). Distributional data on 946 genera and 1,266 species of vascular plants (Pteridophyta, angiosperms, and gymnosperms) from 26 cloud forest patches from Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Peru, Puerto Rico, and Venezuela were analysed; and four localities from eastern and western United States were also included as outgroups. The track analysis identified six generalised tracks: a first one that includes the majority of the cloud forests of Mexico, Central America, the Antilles, and northern Colombia; a second one that includes southern Mexico and northern Central America; a third one that includes the mountains in northwestern South America; a fourth one that includes the mountains in southwestern South America; and two others in western and eastern United States. It is concluded that the Neotropical cloud forests are closely related and that those of the Caribbean subregion exhibit complex relationships, which could be due to the complex tectonic history of the area.'Abstract not available'The geographical characteristics of a total of 1839 forest fragments surrounded by sugar cane fields were studied in the Brazilian Atlantic rain forest region of the northeastern state of Pernambuco. The size and shape of the fragments as well as inter-fragment distances and the effects of varying edge width were examined using a geographical information system. The analyses show that the fragments are relatively small and close to each other. Approximately 48% of the rain forest fragments are <10 hectares, while only about 7% are >100 hectares. Forest fragments are close to each other, as fragments located 50m or less apart formed groups that included ca. 50% of the total forest area. At 350m inter-fragment distance, 98% of the rain forest area was included in groups of fragments. Due to the small size and irregular shape of the fragments, the total area of edge zone exceeds that of the interior habitat when the edge width is ca. 60m. At an edge width of 300m ca. 94% of the total fragment area is edge zone. For conservation purposes, ways of establishing networks of forest fragments connected by corridors and stepping stone fragments are demonstrated using GIS. Simulations using these techniques show that reforestation of sugar cane fields between the forest fragments would considerably increase the area of interior forest habitat and connectivity between fragments.'"A completely new feeding pattern has been found among caterpillars native to Hawaii: certain geometrid larvae (commonly called consume no leaves or other plant matter. Instead, they perch inconspicuously along leaf edges and stems to seize insects that touch their posterior body section. By bending the front of their body backwards in a very rapid strike, the caterpillars opportunistically capture their prey with elongated, spiny legs and 900 larvae and eggs of these moths have been collected from native forests of all the main islands and reared in the laboratory. All are species of Eupithecia, a worldwide group of over 1000 members that had been reported to feed only on plant matter such as flowers, leaves or seeds. At least 6 of Hawaii's described Eupithecia species are raptorially carnivorous, only 2 are known to feed predominantly on plant material, especially Metrosideros flowers. A diet including protein-rich flower pollen and a defensive behavior of snapping may have preadapted Hawaii's ancestral Eupithecia for a shift to predation. Severe barriers to dispersal of mantids and other continental insect predators into Hawaii resulted in an environment favoring behavioral and consequent morphological adaptations that produced these singular insects, which can be commonly called the Most damage to native biota and habitat is due to imported species or and has caused a serious need for protective management."'The Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) Flexible Global System (FGOALS-f3-L) model datasets prepared for the sixth phase of the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project (CMIP6) Global Monsoons Model Intercomparison Project (GMMIP) Tier-1 and Tier-3 experiments are introduced in this paper, and the model descriptions, experimental design and model outputs are demonstrated. There are three simulations in Tier-1, with different initial states, and five simulations in Tier-3, with different topographies or surface thermal status. Specifically, Tier-3 contains four orographic perturbation experiments that remove the Plateau, East African and Arabian Peninsula highlands, Sierra Madre, and Andes, and one thermal perturbation experiment that removes the surface sensible heating over the Plateau and surrounding regions at altitudes above 500 m. These datasets will contribute to value as a benchmark to evaluate the importance of long-term and short-term trends of the sea surface temperature in monsoon circulations and precipitation, and to a better understanding of the orographic impact on the global monsoon system over highlands.'grasslands in the tropical Andes are fire-prone ecosystems and an understanding of their fire ecology is fundamental to biodiversity conservation and ecosystem management. Fire registers are normally impractical in these remote, cloud-covered landscapes, but Espeletia giant rosette plants have been proposed as biological indicators of time since fire in Espeletia giant stem rosettes tolerate fire well, protecting apical buds in at the heart of their leaf rosettes, and for some species, germination is known to be enhanced by fire. As the plant grows, its dead leaves remain attached to the stem, but fire removes these and resets the This study uses a unique register of fires in one Ecuadorian to assess the robustness of this biological indicator. Dead leaf cover on Espeletia pycnophylla giant rosette plants was measured in fifteen different sites with known fire dates from 2000 to 2014. The growth rates of plants at four different elevations were measured over a 2-year period and used to estimate time since fire based on dead leaf cover in the known sites. Estimates were accurate Thus, where fire records are missing, relatively easy measurements of growth rates and dead leaf cover of Espeletia giant rosette plants can provide reliable estimates across a wide range of times since fire. This approach has value for direct investigations into fire ecology but also for studies in which controlling for fire dynamics is necessary to reveal underlying patterns. Therefore, this approach also offers a means to obtain better information on other landscape-scale processes such as the impact of climate change on biodiversity or the provision of ecosystem services.''Amphibian populations are declining worldwide and this is causing growing concern. High levels of population declines followed by the expansion of red lists are creating demands for effective strategies to maximize conservation efforts for amphibians. Ideally, integrated and comprehensive strategies should be based on complementary information of population and species extinction risk. Here we evaluate the congruence between amphibian extinction risk assessments at the population level (Declining Amphibian and at species level Red List). We used the Declining Amphibian that covers 967 time-series records of amphibian population declines assigned into four levels of declines. We assigned each of its corresponding species into red list status, discriminated each species developmental mode, and obtained their geographic range size as well. Extinction risk assessments at the population and species level do not fully coincide across geographic realms or countries. In Paleartic, Neartic and Indo-Malayan realms less than 25% of species with reported population declines are formally classified as threatened. In contrast, more than 60% of all species with reported population declines that occur in Australasia and the Neotropics are indeed threatened according to the Red List. Species with aquatic development presented proportionally higher extinction risks at both population and species level than those with terrestrial development, being this pattern more prominent at Australasia, Paleartic, and Neartic realms. Central American countries, Venezuela, Mexico and Australia presented the highest congruence between both population and species risk. We address that amphibian conservation strategies could be improved by using complementary information on time-series population trends and species threat. Whenever feasible, conservation assessments should also include life-history traits in order to improve its effectiveness.''There are three genera of cycads in Colombia:Cycas, with two introduced and unnaturalized species; the endemic genusChigua, with two species; andZamia, with 16 species, seven of which are endemic. Keys to all species are given, as well as complete descriptions, synonymy, types, exisiccatae, distributional data, and conservation status as used in the 1997 IUCN Red List of Threatened Plants. Floristically, Zamiaceae is represented in Colombia by four elements: a southern and northeastern Antioquia element, with the endemic genus,Chigua, and six species ofZamia, Z. amplifolia, Z. disodon, Z. manicata, Z. roezlii,Z. chigua, and Z.obliqua, with the first two endemic to Colombia; a montane element in the northern Cordillera Occidental, with two endemic species,Z. montana and Zwallisii; a Magdalena Valley element, with Z.muricata, Z. poeppigiana, and the endemic Z.encephalartoides; and an element east of the Andes and principally Amazonian, with four other species, Z.amazonum, Z. lecointei, Z. ulei, and the nearly endemic Z.hymenophyllidia.''The Ecuadorian Formative was initially interpreted as a result of long-distance diffusion, and migration, more recent research has changed our perception of the Valdivia, Machalilla, and Chorrera culture complexes. In this analysis, these archaeological investigations are reassessed in order to reevaluate our understanding regarding the nature of these prehistoric cultures. Formative chronologies, distributions, interrelationships are reviewed in the light of Pre-Hispanic occupations in El Oro Province. Previous investigations on the Ecuadorian littoral are examined. Results indicate (1) Valdivia and Machalilla are part of the same ceramic tradition and (2) the interrelationships of these complexes to Late Formative Period ceramic sequences are more complex than previously assumed. (3) A major adaptive shift related to an increased dependence upon agriculture occurred during Valdivia and continued into the Late Formative with the widespread distribution of Chorrera related material culture. (4) Long-distance interaction with the Ecuadorian highlands resulted in the spread of what may be termed a Chorrera horizon and formed the basis of subsequent Andean cosmology where it was symbolically represented according to local and regional artistic canons and over a vast area of Andean South America.'Abstract not available'Amphibian populations are decreasing worldwide due to a variety of factors. In South America, the chytrid fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd) is linked to many population declines. The pathogenic effect of Bd on amphibians can be inhibited by specific bacteria present on host skin. This symbiotic association allows some amphibians to resist the development of the disease chytridiomycosis. Here, we aimed (1) to determine for the first time if specific anti-Bd bacteria are present on amphibians in the Andes of Ecuador, (2) to monitor anti-Bd bacteria across developmental stages in a focal amphibian, the Andean marsupial tree frog, Gastrotheca riobambae, that deposits larvae in aquatic habitats, and (3) to compare the Bd presence associated with host assemblages including 10 species at sites ranging in biogeography from Amazonian rainforest (450 masl) to Andes montane rainforest (3200 masl). We sampled and identified skin-associated bacteria of frogs in the field using swabs and a novel methodology of aerobic counting plates, and a combination of morphological, biochemical, and molecular identification techniques. The following anti-Bd bacteria were identified and found to be shared among several hosts at high-elevation sites where Bd was present at a prevalence of 32.5%: Janthinobacterium lividum, Pseudomonas fluorescens, and Serratia sp. Bd were detected in Gastrotheca spp. and not detected in the lowlands (sites below 1000 masl). In G. riobambae, recognized Bd-resistant bacteria start to be present at the metamorphic stage. Overall bacterial abundance was significantly higher post-metamorphosis and on species sampled at lower elevations. Further metagenomic studies are needed to evaluate the roles of host identity, life-history stage, and biogeography of the microbiota and their function in disease resistance.''Plant species diversity and endemism demonstrate a definite trend along altitude. We analyzed the (i) pattern of tree diversity and its endemic subset (ii) frequency distribution of altitudinal range and (iii) upper & lower distributional limits of each tree species along altitudinal gradients in eastern Himalaya. The study was conducted in Subansiri district of Arunachal Pradesh. Data on the tree species were gathered every steps between and gradients. Tree diversity demonstrated a greater variation along the gradients. A total of 336 species (of which 26 are endemic) were recorded belonging to 185 genera and 78 families. The alpha diversity demonstrated a decreasing pattern with two maxima (i.e., elevational peaks) along the gradients; one in and the other in corresponding to transition zones between tropical-subtropical and subtropical-temperate forests. Pattern diversity revealed a narrow range along the gradients. Frequency of altitudinal range was distributed between 1 and 41. Only one species (Altingia excelsa) showed widest amplitude, occurring over the entire range. Highest level of species turnover was found in step at lower elevational limit whereas for upper elevational limit, the highest turn over was recorded between 800 and Tree diversity decreased and its endemic subset increased along the gradients. Two maximas in tree diversity pattern correspond to forest transition zones with subtropical-temperate transition is narrower than tropical-subtropical. The pattern observed here could be attributed to varied microclimates or environmental heterogeneity. If altitudinal amplitude of a species is considered as an aspect of its niche breadth, it is clear from these results that niche breadth in these organisms is in fact independent of the diversity of the assemblage in which they occur. This analysis calls for detailed floristic studies to determine the breadth of changes between adjacent forest types and details of local species richness in high diversity areas.''Bolivia is a megadiverse country. A large part of its biodiversity is due to the fact that in its territory different biogeographical regions meet. As a preliminary means to understand how this biodiversity is being protected, three previous studies undertook an evaluation of how well represented the ecological regions were in the National System of Protected Areas (NSPA). However, the most recent biogeographical findings in Bolivia call for a new analysis of this sort. We try to achieve this, emphasizing the situation in the Andean dry regions, which have been given scarce priority, despite their high biological value. In general, xeric ecoregions are under-represented while humid ones are over-represented. The Prepuna and the central altiplano (which includes the Dry Puna sub-ecoregion) are not represented within the NSPA, nor is the Beni Cerrado sub-ecoregion. The Inter-Andean Dry Valleys cover only ca. 0.5% of the protected area, in spite of their diverse flora and status as one of most important centers or endemism. Although the diverse Chiquitos Dry Forest is well represented, it is protected mostly as an Management Natural and thus lacks full protection. The Semi-Humid Puna and the Flooded Savannas of the Moxos Plains, important subdivisions of two main ecoregions, are markedly under-represented in the NSPA, despite the importance of Moxos plains as a center of endemism for birds. Other ecoregions have a representation in the NSPA which can be considered adequate or even excessive. The over-representation of the humid Yungas mountain forests seems to be justified as this is probably most important center of diversity and endemism. There is a need for a more proper distribution of some protected areas which consider true limits, size, diversity, endemism and other attributes of the different ecoregions in a more rigorous manner.''Since 2005, the Brazilian Ornithological Records Committee (CBRO) has published updated checklists of Brazilian birds almost every year. Herein, we present a completely new and annotated version of our checklist. For the first time, we list all bird subspecies known from Brazil that are currently accepted by at least one key ornithological reference work. The inclusion of the subspecies should be seen as a synthesis, and not as a taxonomic endorsement. As such, we include in the new checklist 1919 avian species, 910 of which are treated as polytypic in reference works (2042 subspecies), totaling 3051 taxa at the species and subspecies level. We anticipate that several of the subspecies included in our list may be subject to future taxonomic upgrades to species status, while others will probably be shown to be invalid in the light of future taxonomic studies. The results highlight Brazil as a megadiverse country and reinforce the need for proper enforcement of political tools, laws and international commitments assumed by the country to preserve its biodiversity.''We estimate plant species richness of Bolivian Andean dry valleys applying the species/genus ratio of Compositae to all reported genera for those regions. The results suggest the existence of around 1500 species in the Bolivian dry valleys (12.6% more than the species recorded). A brief biogeographical analysis of our results suggests that the use of species/genus ratio of Compositae to estimate the size of the flora in Bolivian Andean dry valleys should be considered with caution, since the central Andes are geologically very young, and explosive speciation processes have taken place only in some taxa (mainly in Bromeliaceae and Cactaceae). We offer some evidence pointing to the possibility that the Andean dry valleys may possess many more species than suggested by the Compositae species/genus ratio. We discuss the implications of our estimation for conservation of the Andean dry valleys, which only represent 0.7% of the protected area of Bolivia.''While additional research in needed on the hydrological and erosional effects of changes in mountain forests, sufficient knowledge is available, or may be inferred from existing research, to question, refute or reaffirm some of the conventional wisdom about the protective role of these forests. A major difficulty is sorting out the consequences of natural processes from those caused by anthropogenic actions. The effects of alteration or removal/conversion of mountain forests on rainfall, surface erosion, mass erosion, sediment, floods and low flows is reviewed. It is suggested that a key factor in the cause/effect scenario is the size of the catchment unit being appraised.'Abstract not available'Geographic Information System (GIS) tools are applied to a comprehensive database of 3514 records of wild Arachis species to assist in the conservation and utilisation of the species by: (a) determining the distributional range of species and their abundance; (b) characterising species environments; (c) determining the geographical distribution of species richness; and (d) determining the extent to which species are associated with river basins. Distributional ranges, climatic variables and indices of endemism for each species are tabulated. A. duranensis Krapov. & W.C. Gregory, the most probable donor of the A genome to the cultivated peanut, is distributed in close proximity to both the proposed donor of the B genome, A. and the closest wild relative of the cultigen, A. monticola Krapov. & Rigoni. This region in the eastern foothills of the Andes and the adjoining chaco regions of Argentina, Bolivia and Paraguay, is a key area for further exploration for wild Arachis. An area of particularly high species richness occurs in the State of Mato Grosso, close to the Gran Pantanal in southwest Brazil. Seventy-one percent of the species were found to have some degree of association with water catchment areas, although in most cases it was difficult to determine whether this was due to climatic adaptation reasons, restricted dispersal due to geocarpic habit, or the role of watercourses as a principal dispersal agent. In only two cases could climatic adaptation be eliminated as the reason for species distribution.''The Basidiomycota constitutes a major phylum of the kingdom Fungi and is second in species numbers to the Ascomycota. The present work provides an overview of all validly published, currently used basidiomycete genera to date in a single document. An outline of all genera of Basidiomycota is provided, which includes 1928 currently used genera names, with 1263 synonyms, which are distributed in 241 families, 68 orders, 18 classes and four subphyla. We provide brief notes for each accepted genus including information on classification, number of accepted species, type species, life mode, habitat, distribution, and sequence information. Furthermore, three phylogenetic analyses with combined LSU, SSU, 5.8s, rpb1, rpb2, and ef1 datasets for the subphyla Agaricomycotina, Pucciniomycotina and Ustilaginomycotina are conducted, respectively. Divergence time estimates are provided to the family level with 632 species from 62 orders, 168 families and 605 genera. Our study indicates that the divergence times of the subphyla in Basidiomycota are Mya, classes are Mya, and orders are Mya, which are largely consistent with previous studies. In this study, all phylogenetically supported families were dated, with the families of Agaricomycotina diverging from Mya, Pucciniomycotina from Mya, and Ustilaginomycotina from Mya. Divergence times as additional criterion in ranking provide additional evidence to resolve taxonomic problems in the Basidiomycota taxonomic system, and also provide a better understanding of and evolution.'change phenomena, such as forest disturbance and land-use change, significantly affect elemental balances as well as the structure and function of terrestrial ecosystems. However, the importance of shifts in soil nutrient stoichiometry for the regulation of belowground biota and soil food webs have not been intensively studied for tropical ecosystems. In the present account, we examine the effects of land-use change and soil depth on soil and microbial stoichiometry along a land-use sequence (natural forest, pastures of different ages, secondary succession) in the tropical mountain rainforest region of southern Ecuador. Furthermore, we analyzed (PLFA-method) whether shifts in the microbial community structure were related to alterations in soil and microbial stoichiometry. Soil and microbial stoichiometry were affected by both land-use change and soil depth. After forest disturbance, significant decreases of soil C:N:P ratios at the pastures were followed by increases during secondary succession. Microbial C:N ratios varied slightly in response to land-use change, whereas no fixed microbial C:P and N:P ratios were observed. Shifts in microbial community composition were associated with soil and microbial stoichiometry. Strong positive relationships between PLFA-markers 18:2n6,9c (saprotrophic fungi) and 20:4 (animals) and negative associations between 20:4 and microbial N:P point to land-use change affecting the structure of soil food webs. Significant deviations from global soil and microbial C:N:P ratios indicated a major force of land-use change to alter stoichiometric relationships and to structure biological systems. Our results support the idea that soil biotic communities are stoichiometrically flexible in order to adapt to alterations in resource stoichiometry.''Purpose of ReviewTropical Montane Cloud Forest (TMCF) is a highly vulnerable ecosystem, which occurs at higher elevations in tropical mountains. Many aspects of TMCF vegetation functioning are poorly understood, making it difficult to quantify and project TMCF vulnerability to global change. We compile functional traits data to provide an overview of TMCF functional ecology. We use numerical models to understand the consequences of TMCF functional composition with respect to its responses to climate and link the traits of TMCF to its environmental conditions.Recent FindingsTMCF leaves are small and have low SLA but high Rubisco content per leaf area. This implies that TMCF maximum net leaf carbon assimilation (An) is high but often limited by low temperature and leaf wetting. Cloud immersion provides important water and potentially nutrient inputs to TMCF plants. TMCF species possess low sapwood specific conductivity, which is compensated with a lower tree height and higher sapwood to leaf area ratio. These traits associated with a more conservative stomatal regulation results in a higher hydraulic safety margin than nearby forests not affected by clouds. The architecture of TMCF trees including its proportionally thicker trunks and large root systems increases tree mechanical stability.SummaryThe TMCF functional traits can be conceptually linked to its colder and cloudy environment limiting An, growth, water transport and nutrient availability. A hotter climate would drastically affect the abiotic filters shaping TMCF communities and potentially facilitate the invasion of TMCF by more productive lowland species.''Khawa Karpo, in the eastern Himalayas, is a mountain considered sacred throughout Tibet, and is internationally recognized as a global biodiversity hotspot. Numerous areas within this landscape are considered by the indigenous Tibetans of the region, who interact with these sites in ways potentially beneficial to conservation. Our previous remote sensing study indicated that sacred sites are found in habitats with greater species richness, diversity, and endemism than randomly selected non-sacred sites. This study examines the role of sanctity in biodiversity conservation within habitats in the Khawa Karpo region by pairing plots within the same habitats in sacred and non-sacred areas. Understory richness, diversity, cover, and number of useful species are measured; for trees, richness, diversity, cover, and density are measured. Results indicate that within habitats sanctity does not affect understory plant communities; however, within sacred areas trees are larger (p = 0.003) and forests have greater cover (p = 0.003) than non-sacred areas. Our results indicate that, whereas placement of sacred areas and preservation of vegetation cover affects useful plants, biodiversity and endemism, within habitats sacred sites preserve old growth trees and forest structure. In sum, Tibetan sacred sites are ecologically unique and important for conservation on varying scales of landscape, community, and species.'Abstract not available'Geographic location data for 383 accessions of five Passiflora species from five Andean countries (P. cumbalensis, P. mixta, P. tripartita var. mollissima, P. natistipula, and P. manicata) were linked to interpolated continental surfaces of monthly mean rainfall, monthly mean temperature, and monthly mean diurnal temperature range. This permitted us to identify the potential distribution of each species and document its climatic adaptation. Maps are presented showing regions where the climate is similar to that in areas where each species has been found, but from which no collections have yet been made, thus representing possible geographical gaps in collections. Some species showed evidence of intra-specific variation in their climatic adaptation. The study of Passiflora diversity in Andean countries continues and these maps based on passport data are expected to be useful tools for the planning of both ex situ and in situ conservation activities.''Eco-certification of agricultural commodities offers an appealing option to promote more sustainable practices smallholders, increase agricultural value, and lift farmers out of poverty through better market access. This study evaluates whether coffee cultivation is associated with changes in forest cover and forest fragmentation and whether the Rainforest Alliance eco-certification program has led to enhanced tree cover and greater landscape connectivity in the Colombian eastern Andes. Based on satellite imagery, geo-referenced coffee parcels and a comparison, we show that coffee-growing regions have larger areas in forest, larger forest patches, and better connectivity among patches than non-coffee areas. These differences, however, do not seem to be accentuated over time, except for dense forest cover in the coffee-growing region. The latter has increased since the introduction of a certification program that requires protection of forest remnants and riparian vegetation. Moreover, certified farms in the study area have increased the amount of tree cover on their plots significantly more than non-certified ones. Our study design, therefore, detects additionality in the impact of certification on tree cover increase: in a region with overall increase in tree cover, certified farms contributed significantly more to that trend than non-certified farms. This study presents the first evaluation of the impacts of certification in cultivated landscapes at the ecosystem level, detectable by Earth observation satellites.''The mountain tapir (Tapirus pinchaque), the smallest of the three American tapirs, is the least studied species of the family Tapiridae and is classified as Endangered on the IUCN Red List of Globally Threatened Species. It plays a critical role in the functioning of ecosystems throughout the northern Andes as a seed predator and disperser of a wide diversity of plant species. Despite the ecological importance and conservation status of this species, information about its population ecology and habitat use are limited. Here, we assessed the influence of environmental (i.e., elevation, slope, NDVI) and anthropogenic disturbance, i.e., distance to roads (there is evidence that roads influence the detectability of tapirs, because it can act as barriers) on the occupancy of mountain tapirs. We conducted a camera trapping survey (115 camera-trap stations) during the dry season of 2016 along elevations from 1600 to above sea level (m. a. s. l.) at the Tabaconas Namballe National Sanctuary (TNNS) in northern Peru. We detected the mountain tapir 128 times at 48 sites over 11,753 cumulative camera-days. The occupancy of the species was 0.48 and ranged from 0.36 to 0.61, and detectability was 0.12 ranged from 0.09 to 0.15. Occupancy was significantly and positively correlated with distance to roads and negatively with slope of terrain, and detectability was correlated with distance to water sources. We also found that mountain tapirs display predominantly nocturnal habits. Our results provide evidence that mountain tapir habitat use is probably affected by distance to roads. Mountain tapirs are currently sheltered within protected areas; however, increased land-use changes throughout their southern geographical range (especially outside protected areas) challenge their conservation, highlighting the urgent need for practical and effective actions that will ensure their long-term viability, such as conservation corridors among protected areas to ensure connectivity of tapir populations.''The timely characterization of high-altitude freshwater habitats allows an assessment of the diversity of its biota and provides the basis for monitoring community change. In this study, we investigate the Cladocera fauna of 29 water bodies (pools, freshwater lakes, and surrounding swamps sampled at various occasions between 2005 and 2009) in the Rwenzori Mountains (Uganda, D. R. Congo), which are part of the East African Sky Island Complex. All sites except one are located above altitude. We include notes on the morphology, taxonomy, distribution, and ecology of each recorded taxon and describe a new species of the Alona rustica-group (Alona sphagnophila n.sp.; Chydoridae). We found 11 species of which seven are restricted to Lake Mahoma, the lowest lake in our study area (Alona affinis barbata, A. intermedia, Alonella exisa, Alonella nana, Daphnia cf. obtusa, Pleuroxus aduncus) and/or Lake Bujuku (Daphnia cf. curvirostris, Two taxa (Ilyocryptus cf. gouldeni, A. sphagnophila n.sp.) are restricted to Carex/Sphagnum bogs surrounding lakes in the afroalpine zone. Pigmented populations of Chydorus cf. sphaericus occur in all the sites. It is the only cladoceran species surviving the extreme alpine and nival conditions in the Rwenzori. The species is joined by A. guttata at locations at lower altitudes (ca. present in about half of the sites. The Rwenzori Cladocera fauna is characterized by a strong extratropical temperate component and a low level of speciation/endemism. Harboring an impoverished boreal cladoceran community, Lake Mahoma is given closer attention. At the lake is a cold-temperate aquatic island in the tropics and may function as a stepping stone for Palaearctic taxa. We introduce a new term for high-altitude, cold-water habitats in the tropics, which act as climatic islands for extratropical freshwater faunas, Islands, in honor of Dr Heinz In comparison to surveys in 1961, we list five new records in Lake Mahoma, which could indicate cladoceran community changes over the past few decades at ca. in the Rwenzori. Since the species distributions correlate to temperature and catchment properties of the lakes, the Rwenzori cladoceran fauna can be expected as sensitive indicators for local changes.''There is a growing recognition of the need to conserve biodiversity that has been conceptualised in the Convention of Biological Diversity. Maintenance of fish species richness is particularly important, because habitat degradation in inland waters continues to accelerate on a global scale. Here we develop empirical models for predicting fish species richness in natural lakes in various geographical regions of the world. In tropical lakes where fish biodiversity is richer than in temperate lakes, fish species richness can be predicted by a few variables such as lake area and altitude. Low fish species richness in most temperate lakes might be due to the effect of glaciation on colonisation and speciation of fishes. In US, Canadian and northern European lakes, lake acidification is one of the important factors influencing fish species richness. Although limnological characteristics influence fish species richness in temperate lakes, lake area and altitude have greater predictive power. This is in contrast to fish species richness in rivers, which can be reliably predicted by basin area. In the power curves, which describe the relationship between fish species richness and habitat size in lakes and rivers, the exponent is always greater in tropical regions than in temperate regions. Because fish biodiversity is greater in the tropics threats to fish biodiversity through habitat degradation are greater than those in temperate inland waters.''Biodiversity hotspots are used widely to designate priority regions for conservation efforts. It is unknown, however, whether the current network of hotspots adequately represents globally threatened taxonomic diversity for whole plant and animal groups. We used a mammalian group traditionally neglected in terms of conservation efforts, the rodents, in order to test whether biodiversity hotspots match the current distribution of threatened taxa (genera and species). Significantly higher numbers of threatened rodent genera and species fell within biodiversity hotspots; nonetheless over 25% of the total threatened genera and species did not occur in any biodiversity hotspot. This was particularly true for the Australian region, where 100% of the threatened genera and species fell outside biodiversity hotspots, with many threatened taxa found in Papua-New Guinea. We suggest to officially including Papua New Guinea among biodiversity hotspots for rodents, and also the steppic/semidesert areas of central Asia.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'During northern South America experienced one of the strongest wet seasons during the recent decades, with socio-economic implications of wide proportions. This period was characterized by two stronger-than-average La events, one occurred in and another less intense event in This study focused on identifying the main moisture sources, besides the eastern Pacific, for the anomalous wet season occurred in this region during and their association with the La events observed in the equatorial Pacific. The results discussed here suggest that the main moisture sources to this anomalous wet season were the Pacific Ocean (via the westerly flow of the Choco jet) and the Caribbean Sea (via the weakening of the Caribbean low-level jet and the development of southward anomalies toward northern South America). Such changes appear to be associated not only to El Oscillation (ENSO)-driven sea surface temperature anomalies in the eastern Pacific, Caribbean Sea, and north Atlantic, but also to ENSO-independent variability in the Atlantic Ocean. The latter is related to an enhanced Atlantic Meridional Mode.''The Puelo River is a watershed shared between Chile and Argentina with a mean annual streamflow of It has a high ecologic and economic importance, including introduced farmed salmon, tourism, sports fishing and projected hydroelectricity. Using Austrocedrus chilensis and Pilgerodendron uviferum tree-ring records we reconstructed Puelo River streamflow, which is the first of such reconstructions developed in the Pacific domain of South America. The reconstruction goes back to 1599 and has an adjusted of 0.42. Spectral analysis of the reconstructed streamflow shows a dominant 84-year cycle which explains 25.1% of the total temporal variability. The Puelo River streamflow shows a significant correlation with hydrological records throughout a vast geographic range within the Valdivian eco-region (35 to Seasonal Puelo River interannual streamflow variability is related to large-scale oceanic and atmospheric circulation features. streamflows showed a significant negative correlation with the Antarctic Oscillation (AAO), whereas anomalies appear to be positively connected with sea surface temperature variations in the tropical Pacific. In general, above- and below-average discharges in are related to El and La events, respectively. The temporal patterns of the observed and reconstructed records of the Puelo River streamflow show a general decreasing trend in the period. Projected circulation changes for the next decades in the Southern Hemisphere would decrease Puelo River streamflows with significant impacts on salmon production, tourism and hydropower generation.''The Amazon Basin harbors one of the richest biotas on Earth, such that a number of diversification hypotheses have been formulated to explain patterns of Amazonian biodiversity and biogeography. For nearly two decades, phylogeographic approaches have been applied to better understand the underlying causes of genetic differentiation and geographic structure among Amazonian organisms. Although this research program has made progress in elucidating several aspects of species diversification in the region, recent methodological and theoretical developments in the discipline of phylogeography will provide new perspectives through more robust hypothesis testing. Herein, we outline central aspects of Amazonian geology and landscape evolution as well as climate and vegetation dynamics through the Neogene and Quaternary to contextualize the historical settings considered by major hypotheses of diversification. We address each of these hypotheses by reviewing key phylogeographic papers and by expanding their respective predictions. We also propose future directions for devising and testing hypotheses. Specifically, combining the exploratory power of phylogeography with the statistical rigor of coalescent methods will greatly expand analytical inferences on the evolutionary history of Amazonian biota. Incorporation of non-genetic data from Earth science disciplines into the phylogeographic approach is key to a better understanding of the influence of climatic and geophysical events on patterns of Amazonian biodiversity and biogeography. In addition, achieving such an integrative enterprise must involve overcoming issues such as limited geographic and taxonomic sampling. These future challenges likely will be accomplished by a combination of extensive collaborative research and incentives for conducting basic inventories.''The Caribbean Islands are one of the 34 biodiversity hotspots, remarkable for its biological richness and the high level of threat to its flora and fauna. The palms (family Arecaceae) are well represented in the West Indies, with 21 genera (three endemic) and 135 species (121 endemic). We provide an overview of phylogenetic knowledge of West Indian Palms, including their relationships within a plastid DNA-based phylogeny of the Arecaceae. We present new data used to reconstruct the phylogeny of tribe Cryosophileae, including four genera found in the West Indies, based on partial sequences of the low-copy nuclear genes encoding phosphoribulokinase (PRK) and subunit 2 of RNA polymerase II (RPB2). Recently published phylogenetic studies of tribe Cocoseae, based on PRK sequences, and tribes Cyclospatheae and Geonomateae, based on PRK and RPB2 sequences, also provide information on the phylogenetic relationships of West Indian palms. Results of these analyses show many independent origins of the West Indian Palm flora. These phylogenetic studies reflect the complex envolutionary history of the West Indies and no single biogeographical pattern emerges for these palms. The present day distributions of West Indian palms suggest complicated evolutionary interchange among islands, as well as between the West Indies and surrounding continents. We identified six palm lineages that deserve conservation priority. Species-level phylogenies are needed for Copernicia, Sabal, and Roystonea before we can build a more complete understanding of the origin and diversification of West Indian palms.''Conservation biogeography involves the application of biogeographical principles and methods to conservation issues. The identification of areas of endemism is important for both historical biogeography and conservation. Mygalomorphs spiders have poor vagility, limited dispersal mechanisms and sedentary habits. In this study we use a panbiogeographical approach (through track analysis) and the optimality criterion (NDM) to analyze the distributional patterns in order to identify areas of endemism and to prioritize areas for conservation in Argentina. We identified seven generalized tracks and four biogeographical nodes. The analysis of the matrix examined by NDM allowed the identification of eight areas of endemism; from the analysis of the matrix, NDM resulted in three areas of endemism; and the analysis of the and matrices identified one area of endemism each. The more relevant areas identified in this study were located at the Atlantic Forest, Pampa, Monte and Chaco. Other identified areas were Yungas and the hilly systems of Ventania and Tandilia (southern Pampa). We suggest that these results can indicate where to prioritize investment in creating new protected areas, in order to preserve the processes that generate the biogeographic patterns exhibited by this biota.''The rearing and maintenance of in semi-captivity for economicutilization is practiced mainly in Peru, butArgentina, Bolivia, and Chile are quicklydeveloping their own programs of economic use. Large scale rearing practices will likelyisolate populations and may foster selectivebreeding. In addition to these concerns, thereare also uncertainties about the distributionand validity of the currently recognizedsubspecies. To better understand the potentialimpact that economic utilization will have onthe we describe the moleculargenetic variation among four populations andboth described subspecies. An analysis of 794~bp of mitochondrial DNA sequences (16s,cytochrome b genes, and mtDNA control region)revealed appreciable genetic diversity, low tomoderate levels of genetic differentiation, andrestricted gene flow with isolation by distanceamong populations. Analysis of microsatellitedata also indicated genetic differentiationamong populations. Past climatic and geologicevents, coupled with human history, have likelysubjected the to various episodes ofpopulation isolation and admixture. Therefore,we suggest that managers aim to ensure geneflow among adjoining populations, as observedat mtDNA and microsatellite loci, as well asmaintaining apparent restricted gene flow withisolation by distance among populationsseparated by great distances. Intensiverearing procedures like those being practicedin Peru will ultimately disrupt movements andmigration among wild populations. Furthermore,animals that are not exposed to predation byremaining inside fences, may overtime, loseportions of their behavioral repertoire thatenable them to recognize potentially dangeroussounds associated with the presence ofpredators. Therefore, we do not recommend thatanimals be placed behind fences as this couldlead to a loss of genetic and behavioraldiversity as well as halting natural ecologicalprocesses. If, however, are placedbehind fences for commercial purposes (withlittle or no regard for the retention ofgenetic, and/or behavioral diversity as well asnatural population processes) then we suggestclose genetic monitoring of animals that are(will be) maintained in captivity.''Our goal was to determine phylogenetic relationships among geographically and taxonomically distinct haplotypes of spider monkeys (Ateles) based on DNA sequence variation for the mitochondrial DNA control region and cytochrome c oxidase subunit II gene. We obtained samples from most previously recognized subspecies of Ateles, ranging from Central America throughout the Amazon Basin, to determine phylogenetic relationships among racially recognized groups. Comparison of DNA sequences using both parsimony analysis and genetic distance analysis produced phylogenetic relationships that were very similar for each genetic region. We analyzed the phylograms produced, along with associated bootstrap support, confidence probabilities, and genetic distances between taxonomic groups, to identify four monophyletic species of Ateles: Ateles paniscus, composed of haplotypes from the northeastern Amazon Basin; A. belzebuth in the southern Amazon Basin; A. hybridus, located primarily along the Magdalena River valley of Colombia; and A. geoffroyi, which includes two former species: A. geoffroyi and A. fusciceps. This arrangement is contradictory to long-held taxonomies of Ateles based on pelage variation and is similar to a recent analysis based on craniodental variation. Results of this investigation suggest patterns of gene flow, evolutionary relationships, and speciation patterns that are more plausible than previous pelage-based taxonomies, which required seemingly impossible patterns of gene flow. Conservation efforts aimed at protecting Ateles, one of the Neotropics most endangered genera, will also benefit from the findings presented in this paper.''A phytogeographic analysis of the distributions of 454 species of trees native to the Osa Peninsula in 22 families revealed that 4.8% of the species are endemic to the Osa Peninsula and the adjacent mainland of Costa Rica. However, nearly one-fourth of the species might be regionally endemic to Central-South Mesoamerica (Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Panama). Our sample suggests that 53.6% of the species occur in some part of Mesoamerica and sometimes range into northwestern South America, and that 44.5% of the species have wide distributions throughout tropical America. There is a strong affinity with the flora of northwestern South America, with 46.2% of the species on the Osa also found there. In addition, 50.6% of the tree species on the Osa occur on both the Atlantic and Pacific slopes of Central America or, if they reach South America, are sometimes found on both sides of the Andes. Major contributions to the tree flora of the Osa have been made by species arriving in the Osa by 1) dispersal from South and North America to islands in proto Central America before the formation of a dry-land connection between the two continents, and 2) migration from South America and North America after the closure of the Panamanian isthmus was made. This analysis demonstrates the importance of the Osa as a regional refuge for protecting species with distributions limited to the Osa and parts of Panama, Costa Rica, or Nicaragua. The Osa is also important because it harbors the last expanse of tropical wet forest on the Pacific slope of Central America large enough to ensure the survival of the Central American populations of widely distributed plants and animals.''A growing population with increasing consumption of milk and dairy require more agricultural output in the coming years, which potentially competes with forests and other natural habitats. This issue is particularly salient in the tropics, where deforestation has traditionally generated cattle pastures and other commodity crops such as corn and soy. The purpose of this article is to review the concepts and discussion associated with reconciling food production and conservation, and in particular with regards to cattle production, including the concepts of land-sparing and land-sharing. We then present these concepts in the specific context of Colombia, where there are efforts to increase both cattle production and protect tropical forests, in order to discuss the potential for landscape planning for sustainable cattle production. We outline a national planning approach, which includes disaggregating the diverse cattle sector and production types, identifying biophysical, and economic opportunities and barriers for sustainable intensification in cattle ranching, and analyzing areas suitable for habitat restoration and conservation, in order to plan for both land-sparing and land-sharing strategies. This approach can be used in other contexts across the world where there is a need to incorporate cattle production into national goals for carbon sequestration and habitat restoration and conservation.'Abstract not available'The objective of this study is to assess the climate projections over South America using the Eta-CPTEC regional model driven by four members of an ensemble of the Met Office Hadley Centre Global Coupled climate model HadCM3. The global model ensemble was run over the twenty-first century according to the SRES A1B emissions scenario, but with each member having a different climate sensitivity. The four members selected to drive the Eta-CPTEC model span the sensitivity range in the global model ensemble. The Eta-CPTEC model nested in these lateral boundary conditions was configured with a 40-km grid size and was run over to represent baseline climate, and to simulate possible future changes. Results presented here focus on austral summer and winter climate of and periods, for South America and for three major river basins in Brazil. Projections of changes in upper and low-level circulation and the mean sea level pressure (SLP) fields simulate a pattern of weakening of the tropical circulation and strengthening of the subtropical circulation, marked by intensification at the surface of the Chaco Low and the subtropical highs. Strong warming of continental South America increases the temperature gradient between continental South America and the South Atlantic. This leads to stronger SLP gradients between continent and oceans, and to changes in moisture transport and rainfall. Large rainfall reductions are simulated in Amazonia and Northeast Brazil (reaching up to 40%), and rainfall increases around the northern coast of Peru and Ecuador and in southeastern South America, reaching up to 30% in northern Argentina. All changes are more intense after 2040. The difference in the A1B downscaled scenario suggest water deficits and river runoff reductions in the eastern Amazon and Francisco Basin, making these regions susceptible to drier conditions and droughts in the future.''BackgroundStudies of morphometric variation make it possible to delimit species and geographic intraspecific variation, mainly in species with wide distribution ranges. In the Neotropical otter, Lontra longicaudis, variation in the shape of the rhinarium of three potential subspecies has been described but it is not known whether there is a pattern to the morphometric variation in the skull throughout the distribution of this species. We analyzed morphological variation in the cranium (ventral view) and the mandible (lateral view) of the Neotropical otter, comparing male and female specimens and evaluating the differences between specified geographic units utilizing methods from geometric morphometrics. Specimens from the entire distribution of the species were analyzed. Between sexes, variability in the shape was determined by calculating the Procrustes distances and using F test. Geographic variation was analyzed using a discriminant analysis, an analysis of variance (ANOVA) on a matrix of partial warp scores, and a cluster analysis with Mahalanobis distances, allowing for similarities in shape to be identified between different geographic units. Variation in the size of the two structures was calculated based on the values for centroid size using a one-way ANOVA with a Bonferroni correction and a confidence interval.ResultsThere was sexual dimorphism in shape for both views, with males the largest. In general, there was geographic variation in the shape and size of both the cranium and the mandible in the Neotropical otter, exhibiting a pattern that resembled rule. Variation in shape between geographic units could result from the presence of geographic barriers, the spatial configuration of hydrological regions, and/or the large distances between populations throughout this distribution.ConclusionsThe Neotropical otter exhibits dimorphism in the size, but not in the shape of the skull. There is geographic variation between geographic units, and our results suggest that L. longicaudis could be a group of species. An integrative study using molecular and morphological data could elucidate its taxonomy.''A key activity in Phase 1 of Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) forestry mitigation the development of policies and measures (PAMs) to define where and how emissions reductions and carbon stock enhancements and conservation will be achieved. This paper provides contextual data and information for the development of PAMs specifically for the buffer zones of protected areas in the Peruvian Amazon, sites where REDD+ has the potential to generate considerable social and ecological co-benefits. The study sites are the buffer zones of two national parks, Yanachaga-Chemillen (YChNP) in central Peru and Manu (MNP) in the south-east. Data were collected through smallholder household surveys covering livelihood strategies, land use practices and preference rankings of five REDD+ criteria. The findings suggest that PAMs in buffer zones could realistically achieve an additional conservation of remaining forest and between 25 and additional reforestation of non-forest areas on private lands. The paper argues that in areas where agricultural co-operatives exist, such as MNP, these should be engaged in national REDD+ PAMs and supported by an international NGO; in areas where smallholders operate individually, such as YChNP, international NGOs may be best placed to gain local trust and thereby raise participation rates. The environmental effectiveness of REDD+ conservation PAMs could be greater in areas of intense agricultural production, yet financial and technical support for reforestation may offer the most effective avenue for carbon mitigation in these areas.''There may have been million people in Amazonia at the time of European contact. These people cultivated or managed at least 138 plant species in 1492. Many of these crop genetic resources were human artifacts that required human intervention for their maintenance, i.e., they were in an advanced state of domestication. Consequently, there was a relationship between the decline of Amazonian Amerindian populations and the loss of their crop genetic heritage after contact. This relationship was influenced by the degree of domestication, its life history, the degree of landscape domestication where it was grown, the number of human societies that used it, and its importance to these societies. Amazonian crop genetic erosion probably reflects an order of magnitude loss and the losses continue today.''ContextDispersal is essential for species persistence and landscape genetic studies are valuable tools for identifying potential barriers to dispersal. Macaws have been studied for decades in their natural habitat, but we still have no knowledge of how natural landscape features influence their dispersal.ObjectivesWe tested for correlations between landscape resistance models and the current population genetic structure of macaws in continuous rainforest to explore natural barriers to their dispersal.MethodsWe studied scarlet macaws (Ara macao) over a area of continuous primary Amazon rainforest in south-eastern Peru. Using remote sensing imagery from the Carnegie Airborne Observatory, we constructed landscape resistance surfaces in CIRCUITSCAPE based on elevation, canopy height and above-ground carbon distribution. We then used individual- and population-level genetic analyses to examine which landscape features influenced gene flow (genetic distance between individuals and populations).ResultsAcross the lowland rainforest we found limited population genetic differentiation. However, a population from an intermountain valley of the Andes (Candamo) showed detectable genetic differentiation from two other populations (Tambopata) located away Landscape resistance models revealed that genetic distance between individuals was significantly positively related to elevation.ConclusionsOur landscape resistance analysis suggests that mountain ridges between Candamo and Tambopata may limit gene flow in scarlet macaws. These results serve as baseline data for continued landscape studies of parrots, and will be useful for understanding the impacts of anthropogenic dispersal barriers in the future.''DNA techniques, analytical methods and palaeoclimatic studies are greatly advancing our knowledge of the global distribution of genetic diversity, and how it evolved. Such phylogeographic studies are reviewed from Arctic, Temperate and Tropical regions, seeking commonalities of cause in the resulting genetic patterns. The genetic diversity is differently patterned within and among regions and biomes, and is related to their histories of climatic changes. This has major implications for conservation science.'Abstract not available'This paper presents a case of planting and management of natural regeneration of shihuahuaco (Dipteryx spp.) by recent migrants in a Peruvian Amazonian logging frontier. We interviewed residents of three communities of smallholders in Irazola District, Province of Padre Abad, Region of Ucayali, located within the historic and actual boundaries of an active logging concession, and conducted growth studies of shihuahuaco trees planted in two mixed-species agroforestry fields, over a period of We found that the majority of landholders were managing the natural regeneration of valuable hardwood timber trees, and planting seedlings on their lands. Growth of shihuahuaco trees in agroforestry fields was comparable to growth rates in managed silvicultural plantations, which suggests the potential for local smallholders activities to contribute to conservation of genetic stock and eventual renewal of populations depleted by logging. We recommend greater recognition and inclusion of local people, with their innovative and productive silvicultural practices, in efforts to remediate the impacts of selective logging of high-value timber species.'"Changes in terrestrial vascular plant diversity along a successional gradient were studied in a Costa Rican upper montane Quercus forest. In 1991 and 1992 species presence and cover were recorded in 12 successional 0.1 ha forest plots. A total of 176 species in 122 genera and 75 families were found. Asteraceae was the most speciose family. With the help of TWINSPAN three successional phases were classified: (i) Early Secondary Forest (ESF, 145 spp.), (ii) Late Secondary Forest (LSF, 130 spp.) and (iii) Primary Forest (PF, 96 spp.). Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA) species ordination using DECORANA illustrates that different ecological species groups can be distinguished along the time sequence. Alpha diversity (Shannon-Wiener index, among others) in ESF and LSF was significantly greater than in PF. This is probably explained by downslope migration of numerous sub(alpine) species to cleared and recently abandoned montane sites. Beta diversity applying similarity coefficients declined during succession. Using linear regression, the minimum time required for floristic recovery following disturbance and abandonment was calculated at 65.9 years. A comparison with other studies shows that secondary forests in upper montane Costa Rica can be as diverse as in neotropical lowlands."'We analyzed 80 mitogenomes of the elusive jaguarundi (Puma yagouaroundi, Felidae, Carnivora), representing seven of the eight putative morphological subspecies traditionally described. The mitochondrial genetic diversity levels were very high in this cat species and therefore similar to other Neotropical cats. Nonetheless, the number of significantly different molecular clusters did not align well with putative morphological subspecies. We detected three possible molecular subspecies: P. y. yagouaroundi (wide distribution in Central and South America), P. y. melantho (Central Andean, and their inter-valleys, Peruvian area) and P. y. eyra (Paraguay and northern Argentina). There were also small geographical clusters with no correspondence with the morphological subspecies, especially in Costa Rica, northern and eastern Colombia, and Pacific trans-Andean Colombia and Ecuador. Thus, the number of molecular subspecies in jaguarundi could be less than the number defined morphologically. However, well-differentiated mitochondrial lineages could exist in the area of the putative P. y. panamensis and correspond to undescribed subspecies. The temporal split of the ancestors of the puma and jaguarundi and the initial mitochondrial diversification within the jaguarundi occurred during the late Pliocene, but the major fraction of haplotype proliferation happened during the Pleistocene. All the procedures we used detected a strong population expansion for the jaguarundi during the interglacial period of the Pleistocene. The spatial genetic analyses showed that the isolation-by-distance patterns are not well developed in this species. In contrast, we detected a very significant circular cline with spatial autocorrelation. Therefore, from a molecular perspective some of the individuals far removed from each other geographically are also very similar. This new information may be very helpful to conservation ecologists and managers of jaguarundi habitats as we continue to improve our understanding of the evolutionary history of this cat species.''Juan Mazar Barnett was an Argentinean scientist, considered by many as one of the most talented ornithologists of his generation. His untimely death at the early age of 37 shocked the Neotropical ornithological community. Here, I briefy present highlights of his ornithological career, from his early days in Argentina to his last research interests in NE Brazil. areas of research included fve South American countries: Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Chile, where he visited and conducted research in more than 300 localities. He was a prolifc writer, having published 51 peer-reviewed articles and short communications, 12 book reviews, 2 audio guides, a book, and a bird identifcation guide. I present a list of all his publications organized in chronological order, and comment on his most important ornithological fndings. Most of his research was conducted in Brazil (23 publications), followed by Argentina (19), and Paraguay (10). Most of his published research was conducted in the Atlantic Forest (13 publications), followed by the Andes and the Cerrado (7 publications each), the Caatinga (6), Patagonia and the Yungas (5 publications each). His preferred topics of research were: i) biogeography and avian distributions (17 publications); ii) breeding biology and natural history (9); iii) new country records for Argentina, Brazil, or Paraguay (8 publications); iv) taxonomy, including the description of a species new to science (7); v) conservation (5), and vi) rediscoveries of species thought to be extinct or lost to science (4). Since his death in 2012, he has been a co-author on 7 publications (fve of them as first author), showing that his legacy cannot be fully appraised yet. I hope this work will show the amazing legacy left by Juan to other Neotropical ornithologists, particularly for his many friends, who through different initiatives are keeping his memory alive. Hopefully, the new generations will see that conducting feldwork in the Neotropics is among the most rewarding experiences a biologist can have.''It has been suggested that traditional ecological knowledge (TEK) may play a key role in forest conservation. However, empirical studies assessing to what extent TEK is associated with forest conservation compared with other variables are rare. Furthermore, to our knowledge, the spatial overlap of TEK and forest conservation has not been evaluated at fine scales. In this paper, we address both issues through a case study with Amerindians in the Bolivian Amazon. We sampled 624 households across 59 villages to estimate TEK and used remote sensing data to assess forest conservation. We ran statistical and spatial analyses to evaluate whether TEK was associated and spatially overlapped with forest conservation at the village level. We find that TEK is significantly and positively associated with forest conservation although acculturation variables bear stronger and negative associations with forest conservation. We also find a very significant spatial overlap between levels of TEK and forest conservation. We discuss the potential reasons underpinning our results, which provide insights that may be useful for informing policies in the realms of development, conservation, and climate. We posit that the protection of indigenous cultural systems is vital and urgent to create more effective policies in such realms.''A major environmental problem in the ocean is the alarming increase in diseases affecting diverse marine organisms including corals. Environmental factors such as the rising seawater temperatures and terrestrial microbial input to the ocean have contributed to the increase in diseased organisms. We isolated and identified the fungal agents that may be leading to a disease in the Pacific sea fan (Gorgoniidae, Octocorallia) in the Tropical Eastern Pacific. We isolated thirteen fungal genera in healthy and diseased colonies including Aspergillus sydowii. Aspergillus has been previously identified as responsible for the mortality of gorgonian corals in the Caribbean. This disease was observed in the Eastern Pacific affecting a completely different set of species nearly after the Caribbean outbreak, which concur with rising seawater temperatures and thermal anomalies that have been observed in the last'Wetlands (called bofedales in the Andes of Peru) are abundant and important components of many mountain ecosystems across the globe. They provide many benefits including water storage, high quality habitat, pasture, nutrient sinks and transformations, and carbon storage. The remote and rugged setting of mountain wetlands creates challenges for mapping, typically leading to misclassification and underestimates of wetland extent. We used multi-date, multi-sensor radar and optical imagery (Landsat TM/PALSAR/RADARSAT-1/SRTM DEM-TPI) combined with ground truthing for mapping wetlands in National Park, Peru. We mapped bofedales into major wetland types: 1) cushion plant peatlands, 2) cushion plant wet meadows, and 3) graminoid wet meadows with an overall accuracy of 92%. A fourth wetland type was found (graminoid peatlands) but was too rare to map accurately, thus it was combined with cushion peatland to form a single peatland class. Total wetland area mapped in the National Park is which is 11% of the park area. Peatlands were the most abundant wetland type occupying 6.3% of the park, followed by graminoid wet meadows (3.5%) and cushion wet meadows (1.3%). These maps will serve as the foundation for improved management, including restoration, and estimates of landscape carbon stocks.''Agriculture has a large impact on the environment and retailers increasingly stimulate their suppliers to reduce the environmental impact of agricultural production. The environmental impact resulting from producing a commodity can be measured with a life cycle analysis (LCA) but performing an LCA is costly and time-consuming. In the first paper of this series a practical and general method to identify hotspot areas in crop production on a global scale was developed. The method was implemented for potatoes. The objective of the work reported here was to evaluate the tool and to identify improvement opportunities for each of seven indicators: yield, erosion risk, nitrogen surplus, depletion of water reserves, biocide use, carbon footprint, and impact on biodiversity. The tool produces realistic outputs that can be used to target improvement efforts and thus improves the use efficiency of limited resources. The tool can be expanded to produce similar results for other crops; methods to improve the resolution of the tool are discussed.''Amazonia has an iconic status in global conservation due to its enormous area and vast stores of biodiversity. Nevertheless, much of its biodiversity remains unknown, and many of the forests are under threat of habitat loss due to deforestation and climatic instability. Based on the assumption that effective management and conservation of forest resources should be supported by geographically localized scientific knowledge, we mapped the spatial and temporal distribution of Amazonian conservation research and compared it to areas under threat from deforestation or with a high probability of climate change induced savannization/transition to seasonal forest. Specifically, we created a database of 4019 spatial coordinates of research sites collated from 857 conservation science research articles retrieved from Scopus. Research sites tend to cluster along major rivers and urban areas and new research sites tend to be located near existing sites. Information deficits are particularly acute in the south and southeast regions within the so called of Areas at risk of ecosystem transition due to climate instability are generally well studied with the exception of a large area of southwest Amazonia that has a high risk of savannization. Our results suggest that a more systematic approach to Amazonian conservation research is required, specifically targeting those areas most under threat from anthropogenic environmental change.''Here we review the distribution of the Crested Eagle (Morphnus guianensis) in the Americas, and based on the Brazilian Harpy Eagle Conservation Program (PCGR) database, literature, online databases, zoos, wild and museum records, we provide an updated distribution map with 37 points outside the IUCN map; 16 were recorded close to the border of the map (up to 40 km), and do not expand or contribute to the distribution map. Far from the border (>40 km) we found 21 records, contributing to an expansion of the known range and habitat. At the northernmost extreme of distribution, the range was extended to southern Mexico; in Nicaragua, the range extension was farther south in the north, and two records extend the range to the southern border with Costa Rica. In Colombia, an old specimen is located between Darien Peninsula and the Perija Mountains. In Brazil a record from the ecotone between Cerrado and Gallery Forest, and another in an upland remnant of Atlantic Rainforest, expands the range towards central and southeastern Brazil, and to the Northeast, old records could expand the Atlantic Rainforest distribution towards the interior.''Evidence for genetic diversity in cultivated common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) is reviewed. Multivariate statistical analyses of morphological, agronomic, and molecular data, as well as other available information on Latin American landraces representing various geographical and ecological regions of their primary centers of domestications in the Americas, reveal the existence of two major groups of germplasm: Middle American and Andean South American, which could be further divided into six races. Three races originated in Middle America (races Durango, Jalisco, and Mesoamerica) and three in Andean South America (races Chile, Nueva Granada, and Peru). Their distinctive characteristics and their relationships with previously reported gene pools are discussed.''In order to estimate the production of charcoal and the atmospheric emissions of trace gases volatilized by burning we have estimated the global amounts of biomass which are affected by fires. We have roughly calculated annual gross burning rates ranging between about 5 Pg and 9 Pg (1 Pg = 1015 g) of dry matter Pg C). In comparison, about Pg of above-ground dry matter Pg C) is exposed to fires, indicating a worldwide average burning efficiency of about 50%. The production of dead below-ground dry matter varies between Pg per year. We have tentatively indicated the possibility of a large production of elemental carbon Pg C/yr) due to the incomplete combustion of biomass to charcoal. This provides a sink for atmospheric CO2, which would have been particularly important during the past centuries. From meager statistical information and often ill-documented statements in the literature, it is extremely difficult to calculate the net carbon release rates to the atmosphere from the biomass changes which take place, especially in the tropics. All together, we calculate an overall effect lof the biosphere on the atmospheric carbon dioxide budget which may range between the possibilities of a net uptake or a net release of about 2 Pg C/yr. The release of CO2 to the atmosphere by deforestation projects may well be balanced by reforestation and by the production of charcoal. Better information is needed, however, to make these estimates more reliable.''An investigation was made of the phylogenetic relationships among wild accessions of Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus) and wild allies of Mesoamerican and Andean origins, using electrophoresis of seed storage proteins and isozymes. Mesoamerican wild species are phylogenetically more distant fromP. lunatus than Andean species, and apparently belong to the tertiary gene pool of Lima bean. The Andean wild species, which are investigated for the first time, reveal a high similarity to the Lima bean, and particularly with its Mesoamerican gene pool. These Andean species probably constitute a secondary gene pool of Lima bean, and are thus of considerable interest in the context of genetic improvement of the crop. Based on these observations, an Andean origin is suggested for the Andean wild species and forP. lunatus. These results point out the importance of collecting and conserving AndeanPhaseolus germplasm.''A review of palm remains recorded at archaeological sites throughout the New World is presented. Remains have been found at 130 sites from the southern United States to southern Uruguay. They are of four kinds: carbonized or dry endocarps or seeds, phytoliths, pollen, and implements. Twenty-nine genera and at least 50 species of palms (i.e., about 9% of all American species) have been recorded. The oldest record dates back to 14,700b.p. for carbonized endocarp fragments of an unidentified palm in Brazil. The use of palms, as recorded from remains, was particularly widespread after 9000b.p. The predominant remains are endocarps ofAcrocomia, Attalea s.l.,Astrocaryum, Bactris, Syagrus, Elaeis, andOenocarpus, all of which are important sources of edible oils or edible fruits and are still widely used by aboriginal peoples. The review supports the hypothesis that human groups have played an important role in the dispersal of some palm species in the neotropics. Humanaided dispersal ofAcrocomia aculeata from South America into Central America, and ofOenocarpus bataua from northwestern Amazonia to other areas, is postulated. Archaeological remains support the hypothesis that pejibaye (Bactris gasipaes) was domesticated in the inter-Andean valleys or on the adjacent Pacific lowlands of Colombia and later introduced into the Amazon Basin.''Open Access (OA) initiatives and knowledge infrastructure represent vital elements for both producing significant changes in scholarly communication and reducing limitations of access to the circulation of scientific knowledge in developing countries. The spreading of the OA movement in Latin America and Caribbean (LA&C) countries, exemplified by the growth of regional and national initiatives, such as the creation of OA digital journal libraries and the establishment of supportive governmental policies, provides evidence of the significant role OA is playing in improving the participation of LA&C countries in the so-called knowledge In this paper, we map OA publications in LA&C countries through a bibliometric analysis of OA publications indexed by the Web of Science Core Collection and SciELO Citation Index during the period Searches were done in the fields and using WoS analytical tools, in order to map the evolution, distribution, and characteristics of OA publications in the LA&C region. The analysis is conducted on both the sub-regional and national levels. On the sub-regional level, trends in the four LA&C sub-regions (Southern Cone, Central America and Mexico, Andes, and the Caribbean) are identified and compared. On the national level, the analysis identifies as most representative and focuses on nine countries: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Ecuador, Mexico, and Peru. By doing so, it enriches the existing literature on the subject, where the prominent role played by some of these countries in supporting OA has been already underlined.''Agricultural intensification drives biodiversity loss and is associated with bee declines. Bees are highly sensitive to environmental change, and while their diversity declines in simplified habitats distant from undisturbed areas, bees respond to agricultural practices and habitat configuration at different scales. Mountainous tropical agroecosystems are highly heterogeneous at local and landscape scales, and the responses of bee communities to environmental change in these regions are still underexplored. We examined the local and landscape habitat factors influencing bee abundance and diversity, and changes in bee generic and tribe composition in Anolaima, Colombia. We surveyed bees, measured local habitat features such as flower abundance, tree diversity, ground cover and vegetation structure, and evaluated land cover types and landscape characteristics in seventeen farms. We found that elevation, vertical structure of the vegetation and landscape structure influenced bee community structure. While local factors predicted the response of most individual bee groups, landscape factors influenced the abundance of Apis and Trigona, two genera with disproportionately high abundances across study sites. We also found that human constructions serve as refuges for several bee genera. Our paper suggests a process of biotic homogenization with the loss of bee diversity and concurrent spread of Apis and Trigona in landscapes dominated by pastures, unshaded crops or eroded soils. We also highlight the high sensitivity of native bees to habitat configuration and disturbance, and the importance of traditional farming systems for the conservation of bee communities in mountainous tropical agroecosystems.''The diverse set of wetlands in southern altiplano of South America supports a number of endemic and migratory waterbirds. These species include endangered endemic flamingos and shorebirds that nest in North America and winter in the altiplano. This research developed maps from nine Landsat Thematic Mapper (TM) images (254,300 km2) to provide an inventory of aquatic waterbird habitats. Image processing software was used to produce a map with a classification of wetlands according to the habitat requirements of different types of waterbirds. A hierarchical procedure was used to, first, isolate the bodies of water within the TM image; second, execute an unsupervised classification on the subsetted image to produce 300 signatures of cover types, which were further subdivided as necessary. Third, each of the classifications was examined in the light of field data and personal experience for relevance to the determination of the various habitat types. Finally, the signatures were applied to the entire image and other adjacent images to yield a map depicting the location of the various waterbird habitats in the southern altiplano. The data sets referenced with a global positioning system receiver were used to test the classification system. Multivariate analysis of the bird communities censused at each lake by individual habitats indicated a salinity gradient, and then the depth of the water separated the birds. Multivariate analysis of the chemical and physical data from the lakes showed that the variation in lakes were significantly associated with difference in depth, transparency, latitude, elevation, and pH. The presence of gravel bottoms was also one of the qualities distinguishing a group of lakes. This information will be directly useful to the Flamingo Census Project and serve as an element for risk assessment for future development.''Many tropical mountain peatlands in the Andes are formed by cushion plants. These unique cushion plant peatlands are intensively utilized for grazing and are also influenced by climate change, both of which alter hydrologic conditions. Little is known about the natural hydroperiods and greenhouse gas fluxes of these peatlands or the consequences of hydrologic alteration for these fluxes. Therefore, our objectives were to assess how carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4) fluxes varied across a hydrological gradient caused by ditching and evaluate how short-term carbon cycling responds after rewetting from ditch blocking in a tropical mountain peatland. The study was carried out in National Park, Peru using static chamber methods. Comparing reference to highly drained conditions, mid-day net ecosystem exchange (NEE) was higher vs. and the light compensation point for CO2 uptake was lower. Gas fluxes were relatively stable in the rewetted and reference treatments, with small positive responses of NEE to rising water tables. CH4 emissions averaged with negative fluxes at water tables below the soil surface, and positive fluxes at higher water levels. Our results indicate that undrained peatlands appear to be carbon sinks, highly drained peatlands were likely carbon sources, and rewetting of moderately drained peatlands increased NEE and the ability to store carbon to undrained reference conditions. Ditching of peatlands will likely increase their susceptibility to negative climate change impacts, and hydrologic restoration could moderate these impacts.''Tropical mountains have a long history of human occupation, and although vulnerable to biological invasions, have received minimal attention in the literature. Understanding invasive pest dynamics in socio-ecological, agricultural landscapes, like the tropical Andes, is a challenging but timely issue for ecologists as it may provide developing countries with new tools to face increasing threats posed by these organisms. In this work, road rehabilitation into a remote valley of the Ecuadorian Andes constituted a natural experiment to study the spatial propagation of an invasive potato tuber moth into a previously non-infested agricultural landscape. We used a cellular automaton to model moth spatio-temporal dynamics. Integrating real-world variables in the model allowed us to examine the relative influence of environmental versus social landscape heterogeneity on moth propagation. We focused on two types of anthropogenic activities: (1) the presence and spatial distribution of traditional crop storage structures that modify local microclimate, and (2) long-distance dispersal (LDD) of moths by human-induced transportation. Data from  participatory monitoring of pest invasion into the valley and from a larger-scale field survey on the Ecuadorian Andes allowed us to validate our model against actual presence/absence records. Our simulations revealed that high density and a clumped distribution of storage structures had a positive effect on moth invasion by modifying the temperature of the landscape, and that passive, LDD enhanced moth invasion. Model validation showed that including human influence produced more precise and realistic simulations. We provide a powerful and widely applicable methodological framework that stresses the crucial importance of integrating the social landscape to develop accurate invasion models of pest dynamics in complex, agricultural systems.''We conducted a 55-day long camera-trap survey in the Yungas subtropical forest in NW Argentina, to assess the effect of human accessibility, conservation status of the area, domestic animals and elevation on the diversity and composition of the large and medium-sized native terrestrial mammal assemblage. We deployed 24 camera-trap stations at distances of km from each other. The study area is covered by continuous forest and has its center in the small community of Acambuco, in the Acambuco Provincial Reserve. The main economic activity in the area is oil/gas exploitation. Local residents raise cattle, hunt and use timber and non-timber forest products. The human impact was indirectly measured with an accessibility cost model. We used a multiple regression ANCOVA to assess the effect of elevation (range: masl), accessibility, protection status (reserve vs not) and frequency of records of domestic animals on the native mammal species richness and on a nonmetric multidimensional scaling (NMDS) ordination based on the frequency of records of the native mammals recorded at >3 camera-trap stations. We recorded 15 species of native mammals. Native mammal species richness decreased with elevation. Elevation was correlated with NMDS axes. Other predictive variables had no effect on species richness or the NMDS ordination, probably as a result of the relatively narrow range of conditions assessed in this study. The effect of elevation on mammal assemblages should be considered in landscape planning processes aimed at promoting biodiversity conservation.''This study focuses on the assessment of the status of remaining closed forests (WRCF), population distribution, and protected areas in global biodiversity hotspots using remote sensing and Geographic Information System (GIS). Conservation International (CI) has identified 25 eco-regions, called biodiversity hotspots that are especially rich in endemic species and are particularly threatened by human activities. This study uses globally consistent and comprehensive geo-spatial data sets generated using rerriote sensing and other sources, and the application of GIS layering methods. The consistent data set has made it possible to identify and quantify relationships between the WRCF, human population, and protected areas in biodiversity hotspots. It is expected that such information will provide a scientific basis for biodiversity hotspots management and assist in policy formulations at the national and international levels.''Introduced mammalian herbivores can significantly affect ecosystems. Here, I review evidence on effects of introduced mammalian herbivores in the temperate forest of the southern Andes. Available data suggest that introduced herbivores decrease the abundance of seedlings and saplings of dominant tree species in some forest types, which could impair forest regeneration. They also affect understory species composition. The mechanisms of the effects of introduced herbivores are complex, and include direct effects of browsing or trampling and more complex interactions such as indirect effects through other species. Some native mammalian and avian predators may benefit from increased food availability resulting from high densities of some introduced mammalian herbivores. In turn, enhanced populations of predators may have resulted in increased predation on native prey. Competition for resources and disease transmission have also been proposed as possible negative effects of introduced herbivores on native herbivores, but little evidence supports this claim. Little is known about effects on invertebrates.''Although debate continues, there is agreement that dogs (Canis lupus familiaris) were first domesticated in Eurasia, spreading from there to other parts of the world. However, while that expansion already extended as far as Europe, China, and North America by the early Holocene, dogs spread into (and south of) the tropics only much later. In South America, for example, the earliest well-attested instances of their presence do not reach back much beyond BC, and dogs were still absent from large parts of the the Gran Chaco, and much of the Southern European contact. Previous explanations for these patterns have focused on cultural choice, the unsuitability of dogs for hunting certain kinds of tropical forest prey, and otherwise unspecified environmental hazards, while acknowledging that Neotropical lowland forests witness high rates of canine mortality. Building on previous work in sub-Saharan Africa (Mitchell in Archaeol Res Afr 2015), and noting that the closest relatives, the grey wolf (C. lupus) and the coyote (C. latrans), were likewise absent from South and most of Central America in pre-Columbian times, this paper explores instead the possibility that infectious disease constrained the spread of dogs into Neotropical environments. Four diseases are considered, all likely to be native and/or endemic to South America: canine distemper, canine trypanosomiasis, canine rangeliosis, and canine visceral leishmaniasis caused by infection with Leishmania amazonensis and L. colombiensis. The paper concludes by suggesting ways in which the hypothesis that disease constrained the expansion of dogs into South America can be developed further.''BackgroundOcbil theory aims to develop hypotheses explaining the evolution and ecology of, and best conservation practices for, biota on very old, climatically buffered, infertile landscapes (Ocbils).ScopeThis paper reviews recent multi-disciplinary literature inspired by or reacting to aspects of Ocbil theory and discusses how it can assist conservation in biodiversity hotspots.ConclusionsOcbils occur in at least 12 out of 35 known terrestrial hotspots, but also in other biologically significant sites. Most evidence comes from the Southwest Australian and Greater Cape Floristic Regions, South Pantepui, and the Campo Rupestre of Brazil, though predictions of the theory have been corroborated in 22 sites across South America, Western and Eastern Africa, Southern Asia, and Oceania. Most hypotheses have been corroborated, indicating that Ocbil theory has survived largely intact after of independent scientific critique, quantitative experimentation, and development. The theory also has been extended to allow identification and characterization of OCBISs (old, climatically-buffered, infertile seascapes), and OCFELs (old, climatically-buffered, fertile landscapes). We illustrate that the principles of Ocbil theory are key to conservation of biodiversity at global scale and provide new directions for research that can improve the theoretical and practical contributions of Ocbil theory.'article discusses paleoethnobotanical research and results presented in the recent literature. Although archaeobotany is a fairly recent addition to the study of the past, it now encompasses a diverse range of techniques, analyses, and new results. Issues that are prominent in this archaeological subdiscipline include the origins of agriculture, resource use, environmental reconstruction, anthropogenic environmental change, political-economic change, plant cultivation and crop production, plant processing, consumption (diet), and site deposition. Some of the plant identification methods for macrobotanical remains include morphology using light microscopes, histology with the scanning electron microscope, and statistics. The study of microbotanical remains has expanded greatly and now includes pollen, phytolith, chemical, and molecular"This paper addresses a number of issues related to current and future climatic change and its impacts on mountain environments and economies, focusing on the `Mountain Regions' Chapter 13 of Agenda 21, a basis document presented at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro, and the International Year of the Mountains (IYM) 2002. The awareness that mountain regions are an important component of the earth's ecosystems, in terms of the resources and services that they provide to both mountain communities and lowland residents, has risen in the intervening decade. Based upon the themes outlined in the supporting documents for IYM, this paper will provide a succinct review of a number of sectors that warrant particular attention, according to IYM. These sectors include water resources, ecosystems and biological diversity, natural hazards, health issues, and tourism. A portfolio of research and policy options are discussed in the concluding section, as a summary of what the IYM and other concerned international networks consider to be the priority for mountain environmental protection, capacity building, and response strategies in the face of climatic change in the short to medium term future."'This article discusses paleoethnobotanical research and results presented in the recent literature. Although archaeobotany is a fairly recent addition to the study of the past, it now encompasses a diverse range of techniques, analyses, and new results. Issues that are prominent in this archaeological subdiscipline include the origins of agriculture, resource use, environmental reconstruction, anthropogenic environmental change, political-economic change, plant cultivation and crop production, plant processing, consumption (diet), and site deposition. Some of the plant identification methods for macrobotanical remains include morphology using light microscopes, histology with the scanning electron microscope, and statistics. The study of microbotanical remains has expanded greatly and now includes pollen, phytolith, chemical, and molecular analyses.''In the Andes, indigenous pastoral communities are confronting new challenges in managing mountain peatland pastures, locally called bofedales. Assessing land cover change using satellite images, vegetation survey, and local knowledge (i.e., traditional ecological knowledge) reveals the multi-faceted socio-ecological dimensions of bofedal change in Sajama National Park (PNS), Bolivia. Here, we present results from focus groups held in 2016 and 2017 to learn about the local knowledge of bofedales in five Aymara communities in PNS. Land cover maps, created from Landsat satellite imagery, provided a baseline reference of the decadal change of bofedales (1986, 1996, 2006, and 2016) and were field verified with vegetation sampling. At the park level, the land cover maps show a reduction of healthy bofedales (i.e., Juncaceae dominated peatland) cover from in 1986 to in 2016, and an increase in dry mixed grasses (e.g., Poaceae dominated land cover) from (1986) to (2016). Locals identify climate change, lack of irrigation, difficulty in water access, and loss of communal water management practices as key bofedal management challenges. Local improvement of bofedales was found in one community due to community-based irrigation efforts. Bridging knowledge of mountain land cover change helps to articulate the socio-ecological dimensions that influence local decision-making regarding bofedal management, and consideration of local actions that may be strengthened to support the sustainability of bofedales for local livelihoods in the context of climate change in the Andes.''Comparing elevational gradients across a wide spectrum of climatic zones offers an ideal system for testing hypotheses explaining the altitudinal gradients of biodiversity. We document elevational patterns of lizard and snake species richness, and explore how land area and climatic factors may affect species distributions of lizards and snakes. Our synthesis found 42 lizard species and 94 snake species known from the Hengduan Mountains. The lizards are distributed between 500 and 3500 m, and the snakes are distributed between 500 and 4320 m. The relationship between species richness and elevation for lizards and snakes is unimodal. Land area explains a significant amount of the variation in lizard and snake species richness. The cluster analysis reveals pronounced distinct assemblages for lizards and snakes to better reflect the vertical profiles of climate in the mountains. Climatic variables are strongly associated with lizard and snake richness along the elevational gradient. The data strongly implicate water availability as a key constraint on lizard species richness, and annual potential evapotranspiration is the best predictor of snake species richness along the elevational gradient in the Hengduan Mountains.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Amphibians constitute one of the most threatened species group worldwide. Because they are affected by various threats such as habitat destruction, chytrid fungus, climate change, invasive species and human use, different approaches are needed for their conservation. In this paper we examine patterns of alpha diversity, endemism and threatened species distributions of amphibians in Bolivia. We modeled distribution data using ecological niche modeling implemented with MaxEnt (Maximum Entropy Modeling). In contrast with previous studies, we validated each individual map with specialists. Important areas for amphibian conservation were defined by overlapping species richness, endemism richness and concentration of threatened species, and then excluding all unsuitable habitats. Our goal was to identify high-priority sites for the conservation of amphibians in Bolivia. We discuss a place-based strategy (identification of priority areas) and the need for further non place-based strategies. We highlight the importance of strengthening two existing protected areas that together host up to 40% of threatened amphibian species, and we propose alternative strategies such as ex situ conservation for those species not covered by the priority areas. General Directorate for Biodiversity and Protected Areas (in Spanish, General de Biodiversidad y Protegidas (DGBAP)) and Bolivian experts are jointly using the here presented results to define a national strategy of amphibian conservation for safeguarding this important element of biodiversity.'"Planted tree or shrub fallows can help increase the fertility of degraded tropical soils. We investigated the effects of planted fallows of Indigofera (IND), Calliandra (CAL), and Tithonia (TTH); a natural, unmanaged fallow (NAT); and a maize/bean rotation (ROT) on the dynamics and partitioning of soil organic matter (SOM) and phosphorus (P). One year after treatment, samples were collected from a fine-textured volcanic-ash soil (Oxic Dystropept) of a mid-altitude hillside in southwestern Colombia. The SOM in the sand-size fraction was subdivided into light (LL), intermediate (LM), and heavy (LH) fractions. Total soil P was also fractionated into inorganic (Pi) and organic (Po). Of the planted fallows, TTH most increased and NAT least increased plant-available Pi and Po. The amounts of C, N, and P in the LL and LM fractions of SOM followed the order, TTH>CAL>NAT>ROT>IND and CAL>TTH>IND>NAT>ROT, respectively. Total amounts of N, P, K, Ca, and Mg in the soil were significantly (P < 0.05) highest under TTH and lowest under NAT. The fallow and ROT systems did not affect the C/N, C/P, and N/P ratios in the soil but significantly did so in the LL and LM fractions of SOM. Significant correlations indicated that the P content in the LL and LM fractions of SOM may help determine the amounts of NaHCO3-extractable Pi and Po, which may therefore serve as sensitive indicators of `readily available' and `readily mineralizable' soil P pools, respectively, in the volcanic-ash soils of the Andes."'Mountain soils are challenging environments for all kinds of living things, including plants and microorganisms. Many cold-adapted microorganisms colonizing these extreme soils play important roles as promoters of plant growth and development; for that reason, they are called collectively plant growth-promoting microorganisms (PGPM). Even though there is seldom doubt concerning the usefulness of PGPM to develop eco-friendly bioinoculants, including biofertilizers and biocontrollers, a series of aspects need to be addressed in order to make this technology field-applicable. Among these aspects, the ecological and rhizosphere competences of PGPM are of paramount importance, particularly when considering the development of bioinoculants, well suited for the intensification of mountainous agricultural production. Studies on native, cold-adapted PGPM conducted in the Indian Himalayan region (IHR) and the Tropical Andes (TA) lead nowadays the research in this field. Noticeably, some common themes are emerging. For instance, soils in these mountain environments are colonized by many cold-adapted PGPM able to mobilize soil nutrients and to inhibit growth of plant pathogens. Studies aimed at deeply characterizing the abilities of such PGPM is likely to substantially contribute towards a better crop productivity in mountainous environments. The present review focuses on the importance of this microbial resource to improve crop productivity in IHR and TA. We also present a number of successful examples, which emphasize the effectiveness of some from naturally occurring applied in the field.''Carnivores are important elements of Neotropical biomes that are in need of conservation efforts. However, successful conservation methods rely on the identification of accurate evolutionary taxa. Unfortunately, in the case of Procyonidae systematics, there has been little knowledge in some genera. Two of these genera are Nasuella and Nasua, also known as the coatis. Herein, we analyzed a dataset obtained in South America and Central America, containing sequences of three mitochondrial genes (ND5, Cyt-b, and D-loop) collected from 42 mountain coati (Nasuella olivacea) specimens, plus 50 white-nosed coati (Nasua narica) and 51 ring-tailed coati (Nasua nasua) (total sample of 143). Our results support four main findings. (1) We detected four significantly different groups of N. olivacea. There were two small groups, one distributed in the Central Colombian Andean Cordillera and Western Ecuadorian Andean Cordillera, and another in the Western Colombian and Ecuadorian Andean Cordilleras. The specimens of these small groups were phenotypically un-differentiable from N. olivacea, but their mtDNA were more related to that of N. nasua than to the mtDNA of the other N. olivacea. The other two groups of N. olivacea contained the major part of the specimens analyzed. One is in the Eastern Colombian Andean Cordillera and is molecularly un-differentiable from the proposed endemic Venezuelan species, Nasuella meridiensis. The ancestor of this group gave origin to another expanded group in the Western and Central Colombian and Ecuadorian Andean Cordilleras. (2) Different analyses (network, temporal splits, genetic diversity analyses) showed that the mitochondrial haplotypes of N. nasua were the first to appear (temporal diversification during the Late Miocene, and Pliocene), followed by the haplotypes of the current groups of Nasuella (temporal diversification during the Pliocene and beginning of the Pleistocene), and then the haplotypes that of the Central American N. narica (temporal diversification during the Pleistocene). Within N. nasua, we detected, at least, four highly differentiated groups that contain cryptic species or highly differentiated subspecies. (3) All of the taxa we analyzed showed high levels of mitochondrial genetic diversity, but N. nasua showed the highest levels, whereas N. narica showed the lowest levels. (4) Some groups of N. olivacea, and N. narica showed Pleistocene population expansions, but all the taxa showed a very strong signal of population declination in the last ago (YA), which could be correlated with the drastic climatic changes in that epoch.'"Globally, 800 million people are malnourished. Heavily subsidised farmers in rich countries produce sufficient surplus food to feed the hungry, but not at a price the poor can afford. Even donating the rich world's surplus to the poor would not solve the problem. Most poor people earn their living from agriculture, so a deluge of free food would destroy their livelihoods. Thus, the only answer to world hunger is to safeguard and improve the productivity of farmers in poor countries. Diets of subsistence level farmers in Africa and Latin America often contain sufficient carbohydrates (through cassava, corn/maize, rice, wheat, etc.), but are poor in proteins. Dietary proteins can take the form of scarce animal products (eggs, milk, meat, etc.), but are usually derived from legumes (plants of the bean and pea family). Legumes are vital in agriculture as they form associations with bacteria that `fix-nitrogen' from the air. Effectively this amounts to internal fertilisation and is the main reason that legumes are richer in proteins than all other plants. Thousands of legume species exist but more common beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) are eaten than any other. In some countries such as Mexico and Brazil, beans are the primary source of protein in human diets. As half the grain legumes consumed worldwide are common beans, they represent the species of choice for the study of grain legume nutrition. Unfortunately, the yields of common beans are low even by the standards of legumes, and the quality of their seed proteins is sub-optimal. Most probably this results from millennia of selection for stable rather than high yield, and as such, is a problem that can be redressed by modern genetic techniques. We have formed an international consortium called `Phaseomics' to establish the necessary framework of knowledge and materials that will result in disease-resistant, stress-tolerant, high-quality protein and high-yielding beans. Phaseomics will be instrumental in improving living conditions in deprived regions of Africa and the Americas. It will contribute to social equity and sustainable development and enhance inter- and intra-cultural understanding, knowledge and relationships. A major goal of Phaseomics is to generate new common bean varieties that are not only suitable for but also desired by the local farmer and consumer communities. Therefore, the socio-economic dimension of improved bean production and the analysis of factors influencing the acceptance of novel varieties will be an integral part of the proposed research (see Figure 1). Here, we give an overview of the economic and nutritional importance of common beans as a food crop. Priorities and targets of current breeding programmes are outlined, along with ongoing efforts in genomics. Recommendations for an international coordinated effort to join knowledge, facilities and expertise in a variety of scientific undertakings that will contribute to the overall goal of better beans are given. To be rapid and effective, plant breeding programmes (i.e., those that involve crossing two different `parents') rely heavily on molecular `markers'. These genetic landmarks are used to position"'AimsThis study investigates, in a montane forest in Kenya, the changes in amount and stability of soil organic carbon (SOC) as a consequence of: a) forest degradation, by comparing primary and degraded forests; b) the replacement of degraded forests with cypress and tea plantations, by considering sites installed at different time in the past.MethodsThe SOC concentrations and stocks were determined in different layers to depth, and the SOC turnover time (TT) derived by measuring the 14C concentration in the layers within the depth.ResultsA significant SOC decline was evident in the and layers of degraded forest while, on the long term, both plantations induced a significant SOC increase in the depth. The longer and lower SOC concentrations in the upper layers of degraded rather than primary forests imply an impact of forest degradation on the decomposition of the fast cycling SOC. Similarly, the shorter TT with increasing plantations age implies differences in SOC stabilization mechanisms between plantations and forests.ConclusionsCypress and tea plantations established on degraded forests stimulate a long term SOC accrual but at the same time decrease the stability of the SOC pool.''Although silicon (Si) is found at much higher concentrations in healthy rice crops than N, P or K, it has received far less study, particularly for upland rice. There are few reports on the existence, causes, and effects of varying Si supplies in different environments. Chemical analyses of soil, water and plant tissue samples from experiments grown on a typical weathered, acidic upland soil in Colombia found concentrations of Si which were 80-90% lower than those in a typical lowland environment. These results corroborate published findings from West Africa and Hawaii, and lend support to a conclusion that acid-soil upland rice environments in the tropics tend to be deficient in Si, increasing disease damage, among other effects. Critical values for diagnosis of Si deficiency in soils, water and rice husk tissue are suggested. These are reasonably consistent with, but extend the application of previously published values derived from lowland rice studies to upland environments, and use simpler sampling and analysis methods. A strong correlation was found (r = -0.91) between high husk Si concentration and low husk discoloration disease damage, among diverse rice genotypes grown in the uplands. These genotypic differences were mainly explained by their ecotypic affinities: those belonging to the tropical japonica ecotype exhibited 93% higher husk Si concentrations than indica ecotypes (ecotypic means of 23 vs. 12 mg kg-1 ). This is consistent with a hypothesis that the tropical japonicas may have adapted to Si deficiency in their native upland environment by evolving mechanisms to attain relatively higher tissue Si concentrations than indicas, which are believed to have evolved in the lowlands, where the Si supply is generally ample. Increased understanding of Si-mediated disease resistance in different rice environments and ecotypes could help breeders combine the high yield potential of indica types with the more durable disease resistance of the japonicas, and could contribute to the development of integrated disease management strategies.''Root architecture of tree species was investigated at two different altitudes in tropical forests in Ecuador. Increasing altitude was accompanied by higher wind speeds and more shallow soils, while slope angles of both sites were comparable Three tree species typical for the montane forest at (Graffenrieda emarginata (Ruiz & Pav.) Triana (Melastomataceae), Clethra revoluta (Ruiz & Pav.) Spreng. (Clethraceae), Vismia tomentosa Ruiz & Pav. (Clusiaceae)) and for the elfin forest at (Weinmannia loxensis Harling (Cunoniaceae), Clusia spec. (Clusiacaea) Styrax foveolaria Perkins (Styraceae)) were examined. At 92% of the trees grew upright, in comparison to 52% at At 48% of the trees were inclined, lying or even partly uprooted. At this altitude, all trees with tap roots or with shoots connected by coarse rhizomes, 83% of the trees with stilt roots, and 50% of the trees in which stems or roots were supported by other trees grew upright, suggesting that these characteristics were relevant for tree stability. Root system morphology differed markedly between altitudes. In contrast to where 20% of structural roots originated in the deeper mineral soil, root origin at was restricted to the forest floor. The mean ratio of root cross sectional area to tree height decreased significantly from 6.1 at to 3.2 at The extent of root asymmetry increased significantly from 0.29 at to 0.62 at This was accompanied by a significantly lower number of dominant roots at (2.3 compared to 3.8 at In conclusion, native tree species growing in tropical montane and elfin forests show a variety of root traits that improve tree stability. Root system asymmetry is less important for tree stability where anchorage is provided by a deep and solid plate. When deep rooting is impeded, root traits improving the horizontal extension of the plate are more pronounced or occur more frequently. Furthermore, mutual mechanical support of roots and stems of neighboring trees seems to be an appropriate mechanism to provide anchorage in soils with low bulk density and in environments with high wind speeds.''Background and aimsAmazonian Dark Earths (ADE) are ancient anthropogenic soils distributed in the Amazon basin. They are characterized by high nutrients such as phosphorus, calcium, potassium and nitrogen. We studied the effect of ADE on growth, morphology and physiology of 17 tree species from a Bolivian tropical moist forest.MethodsWe conducted a greenhouse experiment where seedlings were grown for on ADE and non-ADE. We evaluated soil nutrient concentrations, seedling growth, leaf and root functional traits, and leaf nutrient concentrations.ResultsSoil type affected 10 out of 24 evaluated seedling traits. Seedlings did not invest more in roots in non-ADE, but they invested in leaves and leaf area in ADE, although this did not lead to faster growth rate. Species responded differently to soil Ca increment; some species seemed to suffer from Ca toxicity as indicated by low survival, others from nutrient imbalance, whereas other species increased their leaf calcium, phosphorus and nitrogen concentration in ADE. Only for this latter group of nutrient accumulators, there was a positive interspecific relationship between leaf Ca and seedling growth rates.ConclusionsADE did not lead to increased seedling growth. The ability of plants to colonize patches of ADE might depend on plant responses to increased soil Ca and their capacity to regulate internal tissue calcium to balance nutrition.''BackgroundTropical forests are threatened by intensifying natural and anthropogenic disturbance regimes. Disturbances reduce tree cover and leave the organic topsoil vulnerable to erosion processes, but when resources are still abundant forests usually recover.ScopeAcross the tropics, variation in rainfall erosivity a measure of potential soil exposure to water erosion indicates that soils in the wetter regions would experience high erosion rates if they were not protected by tree cover. However, twenty-first-century global land cover data reveal that in wet South America tropical tree cover is decreasing and bare soil area is increasing. Here we address the role of soil erosion in a positive feedback mechanism that may persistently alter the functioning of disturbed tropical forests.ConclusionsBased on an extensive literature review, we propose a conceptual model in which soil erosion reinforces disturbance effects on tropical forests, reducing their resilience with time and increasing their likelihood of being trapped in an alternative vegetation state that is persistently vulnerable to erosion. We present supporting field evidence from two distinct forests in central Amazonia that have been repeatedly disturbed. Overall, the strength of the erosion feedback depends on disturbance types and regimes, as well as on local environmental conditions, such as topography, flooding, and soil fertility. As disturbances intensify in tropical landscapes, we argue that the erosion feedback may help to explain why certain forests persist in a degraded state and often undergo critical functional shifts.'weathering, residual material (colluvium) and random rainfall intensity are mainly responsible for landslides in tropical monsoon regions. These parameters are often not taken into consideration in a landslide susceptibility assessment. Sustainable resources development in this region requires information on the spatial distribution of areas susceptible to landslides. This study highlights various aspects of the landslides that take place on the west coast of India and a methodology developed for landslide susceptibility mapping.''Rapid increase of nitrogen (N) deposition could alter nutrient availability, leading to changes in soil microbial processes and ecosystem carbon and nutrient cycling. However, the effects of N deposition on soil microbes remain elusive in the tropical rainforests in Asia. Here, we conducted a 3-year N addition experiment with four treatments (0, 20, 50, and N in a primary and secondary tropical montane forest in Hainan Island, China, to explore the effects of elevated N availability on soil microbial community composition. We also conducted a phosphorus (P) treatment P and a N + P treatment N P to examine potential P limitation driven by N deposition in highly weathered tropical soils, using a bar-coded pyrosequencing technique. The composition of soil bacterial communities differed dramatically between the primary and secondary forests, but not significant dissimilarity among the fertilization treatments. The community composition, phylogenetic diversity and phylotype richness were significantly correlated with soil pH, total organic C (TOC), and total N (TN), respectively. There were significant differences between the primary and secondary forest in pH, TOC, and TN, but not among the fertilization treatments. These results suggest that differences in soil nutrient status between the primary and secondary forests due to different successional stages rather than chronic N fertilization may be the major factor affecting soil bacterial composition in the tropical montane rainforests.''Harvesting different species as foods or raw materials calls for differing skills depending on the species being harvested and the circumstances under which they are being taken. In some situations and for some species, the tactics used are mainly is, people adjust, or adapt, their own actions to fit the behavior and circumstances of the species they are taking. Under other circumstances and for other species, the skills and tactics used may call for greater environmental preparation or manipulation. Therefore, instead of trying to distinguish people today and in the past as either or it makes sense to define human subsistence behavior as an interactive matrix of species and harvesting tactics, that is, as a provisions spreadsheet.''The impact of extensive livestock farming on the physical and chemical characteristics of the volcanic soils and on the nutrient status of green plant tissues of neotropical alpine grasslands is studied. Soil and plant samples were taken over a one-year period at five sites with different agricultural (grazing and burning) management. In the undisturbed ecosystem, soil moisture and organic matter content are high and decomposition yr-1) and element concentrations are low. Low temperatures (max < and phosphorus fixation by the soil (5 mg P g-1 soil) determine the low mineralization and turn-over rates.Multivariate analysis of laboratory results indicates that the season of sampling and the agricultural practice are the most important explanatory factors for variation of soil characteristics. After long-term heavy grazing, soils have a higher bulk density and a lower moisture content. The outcome of a litterbag experiment confirms the hypothesis of higher decomposition rates at grazed sites. In the intermediate (wet-dry) season, conditions were somewhat better for plant growth but the system remained nutrient limited.Surprisingly, no relation between soil density, moisture or carbon content and concentrations of available nutrients in the soil is found. This is supported by the rather uniform nutrient concentrations in green plant tissue among the sites. It is concluded therefore that the effect of burning and grazing on soils is principally restricted to physical characteristics, and that differences in chemical characteristics of the soil do not cause differences in vegetation structure between grazed, burned and undisturbed sites.''About ten percent of all vascular plant species world-wide are epiphytes and they are almost exclusively found in tropical forests. Therefore, they constitute a large part of the global plant biodiversity (10% of all species), and in tropical countries represent up to 25% of all vascular plant species. Focusing on the differences between epiphytes in the strict sense or (non-parasitic plants that use other plants usually trees as growing sites all through their life-cycle) and epiphytes which only spend part of their life as epiphytes until their aerial roots become connected to the ground), horizontal and vertical distribution patterns of both in relation to some of their ecological requirements are compared. Vertical ecological gradients (i.e., insolation and humidity differences from the forest floor to the canopy surface) are relevant for the composition of the holo- epiphytic vegetation. For hemi-epiphytes, however, ecological differences between distinct forest habitats (i.e., horizontal gradients) are relevant, but not primarily the canopy structure, as the individual host tree structure is more important. The scale-dependence of epiphyte diversity assessment (relatively small study areas for holo-epiphytes, large study areas for hemi-epiphytes) is mainly due to the striking differences in plant sizes and related mechanical and physiological requirements.''Maize was first domesticated in a restricted valley in south-central Mexico. It was diffused throughout the Americas over thousands of years, and following the discovery of the New World by Columbus, was introduced into Europe. Trade and colonization introduced it further into all parts of the world to which it could adapt. Repeated introductions, local selection and adaptation, a highly diverse gene pool and outcrossing nature, and global trade in maize led to difficulty understanding exactly where the diversity of many of the local maize landraces originated. This is particularly true in Africa and Asia, where historical accounts are scarce or contradictory. Knowledge of post-domestication movements of maize around the world would assist in germplasm conservation and plant breeding efforts. To this end, we used SSR markers to genotype multiple individuals from hundreds of representative landraces from around the world. Applying a multidisciplinary approach combining genetic, linguistic, and historical data, we reconstructed possible patterns of maize diffusion throughout the world from American centers, which we propose reflect the origins of maize worldwide. These results shed new light on introductions of maize into Africa and Asia. By providing a first globally comprehensive genetic characterization of landraces using markers appropriate to this evolutionary time frame, we explore the post-domestication evolutionary history of maize and highlight original diversity sources that may be tapped for plant improvement in different regions of the world.''Culm recruitment, standing crop biomass, net production and carbon flux were estimated in mature (5 years after last harvest) and recently harvested bamboo (Dendrocalamus strictus (Roxb.) Nees) savanna sites in the dry tropics. During the 2 study years bamboo shoot recruitment was and shoots in harvested and mature sites, respectively. Corresponding shoot mortality was and respectively. Total biomass was 34.9 t at the harvested site and 47.4 t at the mature site. Harvesting increased the relative contribution of belowground bamboo biomass. Annual litter input to soil was 2.7 and 5.9 t at the harvested and mature sites, respectively. The bulk of the annual litterfall occurred in the cool dry season (November to February). The mean litter mass on the savanna floor ranged from 3.1 to 3.3 t at the harvested site wood litter contributed 70% of the litter mass and at the mature site leaves formed 77% of the litter mass. The mean total net production (TNP) for the two annual cycles was 15.8 t at the harvested site and 19.3 t at the mature site. Nearly half of the TNP was allocated to the belowground parts. Short lived components (leaves and fine roots) contributed about four-fifths of the net production of bamboo. Total carbon storage in the system was 64.4 t at the harvested site and 75.4 t at the mature site, of which was distributed in vegetation, 2% in litter and in soil. Annual net carbon deposition was 6.3 and 8.7 t at harvested and mature sites, respectively.''Protected areas are crucial for Amazonian nature conservation. Many Amazonian reserves have been selected systematically to achieve biodiversity representativeness. We review the role natural-scientific understanding has played in reserve selection, and evaluate the theoretical potential of the existing reserves to cover a complete sample of the species diversity of the Amazonian rainforest biome. In total, 108 reserves are treated as strictly protected and Amazonian; 87 of these can be seen as systematically selected to sample species diversity (75.3% of total area). Because direct knowledge on all species distributions is unavailable, surrogates have been used to select reserves: direct information on some species distributions (15 reserves, 14.8% of total area); species distribution patterns predicted on the basis of conceptual models, mainly the Pleistocene refuge hypothesis, (5/10.3%); environmental units (46/27.3%); or a combination of distribution patterns and environmental units (21/22.9%). None of these surrogates are reliable: direct information on species distributions is inadequate; the Pleistocene refuge hypothesis is highly controversial; and environmental classifications do not capture all relevant ecological variation, and their relevance for species distribution patterns is undocumented. Hence, Amazonian reserves cannot be safely assumed to capture all Amazonian species. To improve the situation, transparency and an active dialogue with the scientific community should be integral to conservation planning. We suggest that the best currently available approach for sampling Amazonian species diversity in reserve selection is to simultaneously inventory indicator plant species and climatic and geological conditions, and to combine field studies with remote sensing.''The diversity, genetic structure, and genetic flow of wild populations of Phaseolus vulgaris L. within its Mesoamerican area of domestication, were analyzed by means of morphological and inter-simple sequence repeat molecular markers. Overall, 89% of the loci studied were polymorphic, 35% in the least diverse population and 65% in the most diverse. Genetic diversity in the populations was high, between h = 0.14 and 0.29, as was the maximum distance between populations (D = 0.3). Between 40% and 45% of the diversity was explained by the differences among populations, indicating that a large number of populations is necessary to represent the wild gene pool in the germplasm collections. We found uniformity in allele frequencies among the populations, suggesting presence of outcrossing. We did not find correlation between genetic and geographic distances, but the dendrogram topology suggests geographical isolation due to the mountainous topography. Negative correlations were observed between the coefficient of variation of seed size and the distance between wild populations and fields . We obtained a highly negative correlation between percentage of polymorphic loci and distance to the nearest crop field, which also suggests gene flow from the domesticated populations. These observations suggest that genetic flow is taking place from domesticated toward wild populations and that the farmer, through his agricultural activities, could be influencing the magnitude and the characteristics of the gene flow, and along with this, the differentiation of wild populations. New approaches should be established for conservation in situ and maintaining bio-safety, given the risk of introducing genotypes from the Andes and transgenic varieties and causing genetic assimilation.''Wetlands cover at least of the surface. They play a key role in hydrological and biogeochemical cycles, harbour a large part of the biodiversity, and provide multiple services to humankind. However, pressure in the form of land reclamation, intense resource exploitation, changes in hydrology, and pollution threaten wetlands on all continents. Depending on the region, of the wetlands have already been destroyed or strongly modified in many countries with no sign of abatement. Climate change scenarios predict additional stresses on wetlands, mainly because of changes in hydrology, temperature increases, and a rise in sea level. Yet, intact wetlands play a key role as buffers in the hydrological cycle and as sinks for organic carbon, counteracting the effects of the increase in atmospheric CO2. Eight chapters comprising this volume of Aquatic Sciences analyze the current ecological situation and the use of the wetlands in major regions of the world in the context of global climate change. This final chapter provides a synthesis of the findings and recommendations for the sustainable use and protection of these important ecosystems.''Density-dependent processes are fundamental mechanisms for the regulation of populations. Ecological theories differ in their predictions on whether increasing population density leads to individual adjustments of survival and reproductive output or to dominance and monopolization of resources. Here, we use a natural experiment to examine which factors limit population growth in the only remaining population of the endangered pale-headed brush finch (Atlapetes pallidiceps). For three distinct phases (a phase of population suppression, expansion due to conservation management, and equilibrium phase, we estimated demographic parameters with an integrated population model using population size, the proportion of successfully breeding pairs and their productivity, territory size, and mark-recapture data of adult birds. A low proportion of successful breeders due to brood parasitism (0.42, 95% credible interval limited population growth before 2003; subsequent culling of the brood parasite resulted in a two-fold increase of the proportion of successful breeders during the When the population approached the carrying capacity of its habitat, territory size declined by more than 50% and fecundity declined from 1.9 to 1.3 chicks per breeding pair, but the proportion of successful breeders remained constant (expansion phase: 0.85; equilibrium phase: 0.86; This study demonstrates that limiting resources can lead to individual adjustments instead of despotic behavior, and the individual reduction of reproductive output at high population densities is consistent with the slow life-history of many tropical species.''Current knowledge of effects of climate change on biodiversity is briefly reviewed, and results are presented of a survey of biological research groups in the Netherlands, aimed at identifying key research issues in this field. In many areas of the world, biodiversity is being reduced by humankind through changes in land cover and use, pollution, invasions of exotic species and possibly climate change. Assessing the impact of climate change on biodiversity is difficult, because changes occur slowly and effects of climate change interact with other stress factors already imposed on the environment. Research issues identified by Dutch scientists can be grouped into: (i) spatial and temporal distributions of taxa; (ii) migration and dispersal potentials of taxa; (iii) genetic diversity and viability of (meta) populations of species; (iv) physiological tolerance of species; (v) disturbance of functional interactions between species; and (vi) ecosystem processes. Additional research should be done on direct effects of greenhouse gases, and on interactions between effects of climate change and habitat fragmentation. There are still many gaps in our knowledge of effects of climate change on biodiversity. An interdisciplinary research programme could possibly focus only on one or few of the identified research issues, and should generate input data for predictive models based on climate change scenarios.''The is a high altitude tropical Andean ecosystem that contains peatlands with thick horizons of carbon (C) dense soils. Soil C data are sparse for most of the especially in peatlands, which limits our ability to provide accurate regional and country wide estimates of C storage. Therefore, the objective of our research was to quantify belowground C stocks and accumulation rates in peatland soils in two regions of northeastern Ecuador. Peatland soil cores were collected from Antisana Ecological Reserve and Cayambe-Coca National Park. We measured soil C densities and 14C dates to estimate soil accumulation rates. The mean peatland soil depth across both regions was and contained an estimated mean C storage of Peatlands older than year BP had a mean long-term C accumulation rate of with peatlands younger than year BP displaying mean recent rates of C accumulation of These peatlands also receive large inputs of mineral material, predominantly from volcanic deposition, that has created many interbedded non-peat mineral soil horizons that contained of the soil C. Because of large C stocks in Ecuadorian mountain peatlands and the potential disturbance from land use and climate change, additional studies are need to provide essential baseline assessments and estimates of C storage in the Andes.''This paper shows that the Huaorani Indians of the Ecuadorian Amazon possess a long-standing common property management regime fostered by secure ownership status of the land, the small size and kinship ties of residence groups, the existence of mutual trust and reciprocity, and culturally sanctioned rules of behavior. This regime, however, was focused on maintaining harmonious relationships between residents of the nanicabo and not on resource conservation (although it may have fostered epiphenomenal conservation). It cannot be presumed that communal management of resources invariably leads to conservation; other factors need to be present, such as a perception of resource scarcity. The common property regime was designed for a situation of plentiful resources, low population density, clear membership, and behaviors held in check by respect for kin and the desire for good standing. It was a sufficient and simple system for delimiting common property resources from private property, based on implicit social boundaries and cultural understandings. Now, confronted by powerful external forces, population growth, and intermarriage with non-Huaorani, the system is faltering. Conservationist practices, however, can be encouraged by adapting the earlier system to reflect current conditions.''Land-use/land-cover change is the most important factor in causing biodiversity loss. The Mediterranean region has been affected by antropic disturbance for thousands of years, and is, nowadays, one of the most significantly altered hotspots in the world. However, in the last years a significant increase in forest cover has been measured. These new patterns are independent from planned conservation strategies and appear to have a substantial impact on landscapes and biodiversity. We used three land-use/land-cover maps (from 1960 to 2000) covering the Italian peninsula to analyze the pattern of land-use/land-cover change. We measured an increase in forests, especially in mountains, an increase in artificial areas, especially in coastal zones, and a decrease in pastures. Intensively cultivated areas showed a limited decrease while extensively cultivated ones showed a marked decrease. In the same period mammal and bird species followed a similar pattern, with forest birds, ungulates and carnivores increasing, and typically Mediterranean species decreasing. We suggest that our results may provide important information, which could be useful for conservation planning in the entire Mediterranean hotspot. We suggest that an increasing conservation effort should be made to protect the Mediterranean-type forests and scrublands, as well as traditional agricultural practices. Moreover, future conservation efforts should consider the broad socio-political and ecological processes that are most likely to occur across the whole hotspot, especially along coastal areas, and the network of protected areas should be functionally integrated in a conservation strategy that includes the human-dominated landscape.''We carried out an avifaunal inventory of the Gurupi Biological Reserve, Maranhao, municipalities of Bom Jardim and Centro Novo do Maranhao, between December 2009 and December 2013. The main objective was to estimate species richness and identify endemic species. A further objective was to identify vulnerable and endangered species to provide information for the development of conservation strategies. Data were collected using mist-netting and MacKinnon lists, as well as nonsystematic observations. A total of 424 species were recorded from 64 families; 18 of which considered endemic taxa. Seven are threatened nationally: Psophia obscura, Guaruba guarouba, Pyrrhura lepida lepida, Pteroglossus bitorquatus bitorquatus, Phlegopsis nigromaculata paraensis, Dendrocincla merula badia, and Dendrocolaptes medius. In addition to these, another eight are threatened internationally (IUCN 2014): Tinamus tao, Penelope pileata, Lophornis gouldii, Pyrrhura amazonum, Touit huetii, Pionites leucogaster, Pyrilia vulturina and Lepidothrix iris. Survey results underscore the extreme importance of the Gurupi Biological Reserve as a strategic site for the conservation and maintenance of endemic and endangered species of the Belem Center of Endemism in Brazilian Amazonia.''Floristic differentiation and vegetation definition is an important step to recognize biome distribution and for biodiversity conservation. Here, we aim to verify if the distribution of the costal lowland vegetation in Brazilian littoral is congruent with climatic gradient and the previous vegetation definitions. Additionally we discussed the importance of terms for the Atlantic Forest conservation. Our study was based on floristic and geo-climatic data from 58 published surveys. We generate a checklist of 1088 woody species and verified species distribution according to environmental gradient using a Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA). We compared groups with the a priori vegetation definition and generate an a posteriori classification using TWINSPAN. DCA and TWINSPAN resulted in groups determined mainly by rainfall and soil sandiness Those groups were not congruent with both the previous vegetation definitions. The coastal lowland vegetation comprises two distinctive floristic groups representing forests and scrubs that occur in wetter climates (Ombrophilous lowland forests) in the Brazilian states of Santa Catarina, and Paulo and in drier climates of Santo, Rio de Janeiro (Restinga-Northern group) and Rio Grande do Sul (Restinga-Southern group) states. The floristic and historical relationships between Ombrophylous lowland forests and Restingas suggest that conservation initiatives should be more conservative and treat collectively all coastal lowland vegetation as a biodiversity hotspot.''This study was carried out in forestland of Camili Biosphere Reserve (CBR) area in NE Turkey. It was designed to evaluate the consequences of disturbances on changes in secondary forest succession from 1985 to 2005 for monitoring forest plant biodiversity changes and developing conservation strategies. The successional stages were mapped using Geographic Information System (GIS), Global Positioning System (GPS), aerial photos and high resolution satellite images (IKONOS). The results showed that stable stage decreased about 77.96% over the last 20-year time period. Although 701.6 ha conifer forests existed in competition and reaction stages in 1985, none existed in 2005. In overall, about 33.23% of the area decreased, 42.36% did not change and 24.41% increased in different seral stages. Consequently, 8.83% of the area decreased as a whole to indicate that the forest has been developing from stable to nudation stage, that is to say, retrogressive succession is going on in the area. Forest structure and its relationship with plant biodiversity along with its changes over time were determined using FRAGSTATS. We also investigated spatio-temporal configuration of six secondary forest successional stages and generated structural diversity measures. These measures revealed that the landscape has been fragmented, posing a danger to lose the important components of plant biodiversity. Sustainable management of such degraded forests is of crucial importance for plant biodiversity conservation. In conclusion, the study contributes to the development of a framework for effective conservation of plant biodiversity through plant biodiversity integrated Multiple Use Forest Management (MUFM) plans by using the successional stages and plant biodiversity changes.''BackgroundDetermining the value of livestock breeds is essential to define conservation priorities, manage genetic diversity and allocate funds. Within- and between-breed genetic diversity need to be assessed to preserve the highest intra-specific variability. Information on genetic diversity and risk status is still lacking for many Creole cattle breeds from the Americas, despite their distinct evolutionary trajectories and adaptation to extreme environmental conditions.MethodsA comprehensive genetic analysis of 67 Iberoamerican cattle breeds was carried out with 19 FAO-recommended microsatellites to assess conservation priorities. Contributions to global diversity were investigated using alternative methods, with different weights given to the within- and between-breed components of genetic diversity. Information on Iberoamerican plus 15 worldwide cattle breeds was used to investigate the contribution of geographical breed groups to global genetic diversity.ResultsOverall, Creole cattle breeds showed a high level of genetic diversity with the highest level found in breeds admixed with zebu cattle, which were clearly differentiated from all other breeds. Within-breed kinships revealed seven highly inbred Creole breeds for which measures are needed to avoid further genetic erosion. However, if contribution to heterozygosity was the only criterion considered, some of these breeds had the lowest priority for conservation decisions. The Weitzman approach prioritized highly differentiated breeds, such as Romosinuano, Cr. Patagonico, Siboney and while kinship-based methods prioritized mainly zebu-related breeds. With the combined approaches, breed ranking depended on the weights given to the within- and between-breed components of diversity. Overall, the Creole groups of breeds were generally assigned a higher priority for conservation than the European groups of breeds.ConclusionsConservation priorities differed significantly according to the weight given to within- and between-breed genetic diversity. Thus, when establishing conservation programs, it is necessary to also take into account other features. Creole cattle and local isolated breeds retain a high level of genetic diversity. The development of sustainable breeding and crossbreeding programs for Creole breeds, and the added value resulting from their products should be taken into consideration to ensure their long-term survival.''The Mangrove Rail occupies only mangrove areas in South America. Tough present in one of the most endangered forests in the world, there is little data available on the Mangrove Rail. In this paper, I present local population trends and the latest population density estimates for the Mangrove Rail in an urban mangrove area based on two years of fieldwork conducted on the Island of Santa Catarina, southern Brazil. I have also revised the global conservation status of the Mangrove Rail based on literature and specimen records. Surveys were conducted monthly at 10 stations along a 4 km-transect. The maximum number of individuals detected was 17 (2012). Total density was around 2 rails/ha, although a signifcant increase in population occurred when the surveyed area developed from 8.7 ha to 43 ha. A strong relationship between the presence of rails records and mangrove extension was observed and already expected. Altogether, the Mangrove Rail occurs in an extent of 19,615 km2 and an area of 12,455 km2 in South America, strictly associated with mangrove forests under severe pressure by deforestation, therefore qualiflying as Vulnerable at a global level according to IUCN criteria. The results presented herein reinforce the importance of preserved wetlands for the conservation of the Mangrove Rail as well as of mangrove restoration initiatives since even areas of human intervention can be a good alternative to future adaptive management strategies and the conservation of this endangered species.''It can thus be seen that organization in various stages of tropical storm development are frequently seen in satellite pictures. And it appears that further work will establish relationships between the size and organization of the cloud masses with the coarse magnitude of the wind speed in the storm area.''Spatial associations between columnar cacti and mimosoid shrubs were evaluated in an Andean semidesert enclave. An analysis on the capacity of other deciduous shrub species and medium-sized ephemeral plants to modify the spatial distribution of cacti was also included. The number of Stenocereus griseus (Haw.) F. Buxb., Cereus repandus (L.) Backeb. and Pilosocereus tillianus Gruber & Schaftzl that grow below the canopies of perennial plants were assessed and compared with open areas. Comparison of observed and expected number of cactus individuals shows a positive spatial association between S. griseus and Prosopis juliflora DC. Moreover, abundance of C. repandus and P. tillianus under the canopies of mimosoid shrubs were not statistically different from what was expected by chance. Positive spatial association between S. griseus and Capparis odoratissima Jacq., Cassia emarginata L., Cordia curassavica (Jacq.) Roem. & Schult., Croton rhamnifolius H.B.K. and Jatropha gossypifolia L. was also found. Evidence suggests that positive columnar cacti-shrub spatial association may occur either in the cactus thickets or in the thornscrubs. Due to the clumped distributions of S. griseus beneath P. juliflora and other perennial plants, we here postulate that S. griseus is the primary nursed columnar cactus of the enclave. The presence of cacti in open areas suggests that facilitation may be less important for establishment of columnar cacti species in this Andean semidesert landscape than in other temperate and tropical semiarid zones. We here discuss the importance of the nurse syndrome phenomenon for recruitment of S. griseus and for the conservation of this Andean semiarid environment.''In Bolivia, the plant families Araceae and Bromeliaceae offer numerous non-timber products, including ornamental plants, medicines, foods, and fibers. The economic potential for the utilization of these resources depends critically on the distribution of potentially useful species in different ecoregions in Bolivia. We conducted both a bibliographical revision of uses and ecological field work at 43 sites in the Bolivian Andes and lowlands to assess the potential for sustainable use as suggested by the Rapid Vulnerability Assessment method. The ecological criteria used for the evaluation were abundance (frequency), life form, geographical distribution, and habitat preference. We found that Bolivia has a striking number of potentially useful species of both families but that their potential use differs among ecoregions. Araceae were most species-rich and frequent in the humid lowland and montane forests. In these ecoregions, this family has a particular local importance mainly as traditional medicines and a great potential as ornamental plants. In contrast, economically useful bromeliads are best represented in seasonally dry forest habitats, especially for the production of fibres. Many species of bromeliads, which also occur in humid montane forests, although rare, are potentially important for commercialisation as ornamental species. This study shows that the uses of Araceae and Bromeliaceae are manifold and could be greatly increased through efficient management, although with different strategies according to the different ecoregions.''The brown hairy dwarf porcupine Coendou vestitus is a small-sized endemic species, poorly studied since its description more than 11 Oyears ago. It is known from only five localities in the Andes of Colombia. Here, we update the state of knowledge, and provide information on the known and potential distribution of this rare species. We reviewed the literature and examined both specimens from natural history collections and photographs from the field to identify unreported localities. Additionally, we used environmental niche modelling to identify similar environmental conditions to those of the known localities. We also provided a genetic verification of the most recent vouchered record by means of a cytochrome-b sequence. We found 14 published works related to C. vestitus with and and distribution and as the most common (11 publications) topics. Its occurrence was confirmed at six localities in the Eastern Cordillera, and one locality is considered dubious. The records and the potential distribution indicate that C. vestitus is distributed in the montane ecosystems of the Central and Eastern Cordillera of Colombia. The cytochrome-b sequence constitutes the second and most complete molecular record of the species. Our results show that C. vestitus is one of the least studied porcupines, and it has the most restricted distribution in America. It might be considered the rarest species of the genus, therefore further research to better understand the different aspects of the ecology and the conservation status of this rare porcupine are urgent.''Exploitation and exploration of the Amazon basin by Europeans started in the 17th century, but only since about 1970 has the Brazilian government given priority to the connection of the Amazon basin to the industrialized southern part of the country. This new policy required scientific research on the natural resources of the area. Wetlands cover about 20% of the Amazon basin. Inland fishery, fertile floodplain soils, and hydroelectric energy offer a large potential for economic development. Research concentrates on major wetlands and water bodies near the large cities. The Amazon River floodplain belongs to the best studied tropical river floodplains in the world. However, studies in other areas suffer from lack of wetland inventory and classification. Accelerated economic development is not adequately accompanied by wetland research. Insufficient knowledge about distribution, size, structure and function of many wetlands leads to increasing degradation and loss of biodiversity, for instance, by the construction of hydroelectric power plants, large scale deforestation for cattle ranching and agro-industrial projects, mining activities, the construction of navigation channels (hidrovias), etc. The low number of scientists working in the area and lack of funding require close cooperation in problem-oriented multidisciplinary projects (scientific clustering) to optimize scientific outcome. Intensive, long-term cooperation and scientific exchange with institutions from southern Brazil and from abroad is recommended to improve the scientific infrastructure in Amazonian institutions, to accelerate the transfer of new scientific methods and technology, and to intensify the training program for local human resources.'"In 1996, the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute and the Republic of Panama's Environmental Authority, with support fromthe United States Agency for International Development, undertook a comprehensive program to monitor the ecosystem of the Panama Canal watershed. The goals were to establish baselineindicators for the integrity of forest communities and rivers. Based on satellite image classification and ground surveys, the2790 km2 watershed had 1570 km2 of forest in 1997, 1080 km2 of which was in national parks and nature monuments. Most of the 490 km2 of forest not currently in protected areas lies along the west bank of the Canal, and its managementstatus after the year 2000 turnover of the Canal from the U.S. to Panama remains uncertain. In forest plots designed to monitorforest diversity and change, a total of 963 woody plant specieswere identified and mapped. We estimate there are a total of woody species in forests of the Canal corridor. Forestsof the wetter upper reaches of the watershed are distinct in species composition from the Canal corridor, and have considerably higher diversity and many unknown species. Theseremote areas are extensively forested, poorly explored, and harbor an estimated woody species. Vertebrate monitoring programs were also initiated, focusing on species threatened by hunting and forest fragmentation. Large mammals are heavily hunted in most forests of Canal corridor, and therewas clear evidence that mammal density is greatly reduced in hunted areas and that this affects seed predation and dispersal. The human population of the watershed was 113 000 in 1990, and grew by nearly 4% per year from 1980 to 1990. Much of this growth was in a small region of the watershed on the outskirts of Panama City, but even rural areas, including villages near and within national parks, grew by 2% per year. There is no sewage treatment in the watershed, and many towns have no trashcollection, thus streams near large towns are heavily polluted. Analyses of sediment loads in rivers throughout the watershed did not indicate that erosion has been increasing as a result ofdeforestation, rather, erosion seems to be driven largely by total rainfall and heavy rainfall events that cause landslides.Still, models suggest that large-scale deforestation would increase landslide frequency, and failure to detect increases inerosion could be due to the gradual deforestation rate and the short time period over which data are available. A study of runoff showed deforestation increased the amount of water fromrainfall that passed directly into streams. As a result, dry season flow was reduced in a deforested catchment relative to aforested one. Currently, the Panama Canal watershed has extensive forest areasand streams relatively unaffected by humans. But impacts of hunting and pollution near towns are clear, and the burgeoningpopulation will exacerbate these impacts in the next few decades.Changes in policies regarding forest protection and pollution control are necessary."'The relationship between biodiversity and the activities of small-scale farmers remains poorly understood despite its importance for conservation. In tropical forest areas farmers often include extraction of forest products in their subsistence strategies, and it has been suggested that factors such as market access and diversity levels influence use of forest products. To investigate these relationships, we studied the use of palms in five villages inhabited by colonists and indigenous Shuar in the lower montane forest in south-eastern Ecuador by means of interviews and line transects around the villages. We found that use of palms was not driven by the diversity of palms available in the forest surrounding each village. Instead, the most important factor seemed to be lack of market access so in villages furthest away from the nearest road people used more palm products for their subsistence life compared to villages closer to the road. Forests around more remote villages had higher utility levels when evaluated on the basis of the use of palms, despite lower levels of palm diversity and richness in these forests. The lower diversity levels may reflect past human activity or ecological factors, or a combination of both. In either case, our results show that forests with higher diversity levels are not necessarily more valuable to local people compared to less diverse forests. Instead, socio-economic factors such as market access may be more important in shaping relationship with the natural environment.'Abstract not availablethe capital of the Republic of Colombia, is a tropical highland city located above sea level. It is the 25th largest city in the world and, among large cities, is also one of the highest. In common with other cities in Latin America, a large part of its urban growth during recent centuries has been unplanned and informal. The introduction of green spaces into urban planning in began in the mid-20th century, but was first included in official legislation during the 1990s through the concept of Ecological Main Structure (EMS). Initially developed by Dutch scholars, EMS was brought to Colombia via biological conservation practitioners as a means of enhancing biological connectivity in rural and natural landscapes, extended in this case to urban landscapes as a top-level planning instrument. EMS originally included a variety of components, from protected areas and biological conservation tools to environmental urban elements - the emphasis being on biodiversity conservation, without sufficient recognition of specific urban structures and functions. This process led to conceptual disciplinary-based divergence and conflicting political interpretations. The current emergence of EMS as a planning tool for urban regions represents an opportunity for integration, although the risk of divergent interpretations remains, as no integrative conceptual framework has yet been developed. In this paper we review the concepts underlying EMS that have been incorporated within urban and regional planning, especially those of ecological networks and green infrastructure, and also diagnose conceptual and institutional barriers to its current integration, challenges and opportunities which are set in the context of an emerging urban region. We propose a trans-disciplinary framework for multi-level integration of EMS, along a gradient from wild environments to built structures that incorporates emerging concepts such as urban biodiversity, ecosystem services and design in the urban landscape, with the aim of contributing to the creation of an urban landscape that is resilient to environmental change and suitable for human well-being and adaptation.'Abstract not available'Recent archaeological research has fundamentally altered our understanding of the scope of past human impacts on nondomesticated animal populations. Predictions derived from foraging theory concerning the abundance histories of high-return human prey and diet breadth have been met in many parts of the world. People are known to have introduced a broad variety of nondomesticated animals, from sponges to agoutis and rats, to a remarkably broad set of contexts, in turn causing a wide variety of secondary impacts. By increasing the incidence of fire, human colonists have in some cases transformed the nature of the vegetation on the colonized landscape, in turn dramatically affecting animal populations on those landscapes. In island settings, these triple threats--predation, biotic introductions, and vegetation alteration--routinely led to extinctions but there is no archaeological evidence that small-scale societies caused extinction by predation alone on islands or continents. Indeed, the recent history of this famous argument suggests that it is better seen as a statement of faith about the past rather than as an appeal to reason. Perhaps most importantly, our burgeoning knowledge of past human impacts on animals has important implications for the conservation biology of the future.'Abstract not available"PurposeIn Ecuador, knowledge of the diversity and geographic distribution of ticks, as well as their importance as vectors, is scarce. Within the family Ixodidae, the genus Amblyomma is the most diverse and parasitizes wild and domestic animals. This genus is represented by 19 species in Ecuador, 12 of which occur in the continental territory and 7 in the Galapagos Islands. In this way, the objective of this work was to update the diversity of ticks reported for Ecuador on wild and domestic animals.MethodsThe specimens were collected manually on mammals and birds, in four localities belonging to the Sierra and Amazon of Ecuador and were kept in tubes with 96% ethyl alcohol. After that, all specimens were separated into immatures, males and females and were identified using their morphological characters.ResultsThis study records Amblyomma coelebs Neumann, 1899, Amblyomma longirostre (Koch, 1844) Neumann, 1905 and Amblyomma varium Koch, 1844 for the first time in Ecuador. Thus, the genus Amblyomma is currently represented by 22 species. In addition, their hosts, distribution, and importance are also discussed.ConclusionsKnowing the diversity of ticks that wildlife possesses, its interrelation with the domestic fauna, and the possible pathogens that could be transmitting could significantly contribute to wildlife's conservation."'The relationship between diversity and composition of neotropicalbromeliad communities and abiotic and autecological factors is still poorlyunderstood. In this study, I related point diversity (mean species number per400 m2 plot), diversity (total species number persite), representation of life-forms (epiphytes, terrestrials, saxicoles), andsix ecophysiological types of bromeliads at 74 forest sites in the BolivianAndes and adjacent lowlands to 12 environmental factors reflecting mostlyclimatic conditions. A total of 192 species, including 108 epiphytes, 106saxicoles, and 49 terrestrials, were recorded. Extrapolation revealed that theactual total species number in the region is at least 24% higher than recorded,especially among terrestrial (71%) and saxicolous (40%) species. Epiphytes weremore fully sampled because of their tendency towards larger range size andbecause they are distributed more evenly where they occur. Overall, theenvironmental factors explained up to 61% of the observed variance, reflectingall expected relationships such as the increase of tank bromeliads in wethabitats and of atmospheric bromeliads in arid regions. Point diversity almostalways showed higher regression coefficients than diversity, possibly as aresult of more complete sampling in small plots and because the abundance ofindividual species (which influences point diversity) may be more closelyrelated to abiotic factors than species richness. Despite somewhat diversity in arid areas, point diversity peaked in dry habitats,presumably due to the scarcity of competing epiphytic orchids, ferns, and aroidsthat lack the extreme adaptation of bromeliads to drought stress and lownutrient availability. The decline of epiphytic bromeliad diversity at highelevations appears to be linked to low temperatures, particularly increasingfrost frequency. It is hypothesized that the low diversity of bromeliads inhumid tropical lowland forests is caused by low photosynthetic rates due to highwater stress and low light availability combined with high respiration losses.In combination, these factors would impede the maintenance of a positive carbonbalance.''Much economic activity depends on the environmentalresource base (soils, water, vegetation, climate) that ultimately underpins virtually all human endeavor. This environmental-resource support is obviously important for agriculture, forestry, fisheries and hydropower generation. It is less obviously important for public health: without regular supplies of domestic-household water with sufficient quantity and quality, the risk of sanitation-disease increases. Much the same applies, through indirect linkages, to such further economic sectors as communications and education.These considerations are especially significant for developing countries. A greater share of their economies is usually dependent on the environmental-resource base than is the case with developed-world economies; and at the same time, the resource base, being generally tropical in location, is more and hence susceptible to depletion than is the case with temperate-zone countries. Thus there is a premium on safeguarding the environmental-resource base as an integral part of those processes known as sustainable development.''For a long time, Plagiochila (sect. Arrectae) punctata (Taylor) Taylor has been treated as an endemic of Atlantic Europe. Studies of larger specimen sets demonstrated that the species is widespread in mountainous regions of the Neotropics where it is known under several names including P. stolonifera Lindenb. & Gottsche, P. choachina Gottsche and P. patzschkei Steph. In tropical Africa P. punctata is established as Plagiochila subalpina Steph., nom. illeg. The sporophyte of P. punctata is described for the first time, based on material from Costa Rica. A maximum likelihood analysis of a nrITS sequence alignment with sequences of P. sects. Fuscoluteae (outgroup), Arrectae, and Rutilantes as well as of P. rubescens (Lehm. & Lindenb.) Lindenb. results in a tree with well bootstrap supported Arrectae and Rutilantes clades. ITS sequences of Plagiochila punctata from the Comoros and Zaire are placed in an unsupported monophyletic lineage together with P. punctata sequences from the British Isles and Ecuador. The species is nested in a robust clade with P. spinulosa (Dicks.) Dumort. and P. stricta Lindenb. The weak genetic separation of these three species indicates a recent diversification; the disjunct ranges may be the result of long range dispersal events. Plagiochila rubescens from southern South America is placed sister to P. sect. Arrectae. The latter section possibly originated from southern South American ancestors, diversified in tropical America after the uplift of the Andes and reached the Holarctics and tropical Africa by long range dispersal of diaspores.''Rodents represent 42% of the mammalian biodiversity encompassing 2,277 species populating every continent (except Antarctica) and are reservoir hosts for a wide diversity of disease agents. Thus, knowing the identity, diversity, relationships, and geographic distribution of rodent-borne zoonotic pathogens, is essential for predicting and mitigating zoonotic disease outbreaks. Hantaviruses are hosted by numerous rodent reservoirs. However, the diversity of rodents harboring hantaviruses is likely unknown because research is biased toward specific reservoir hosts and viruses. An up-to-date, systematic review covering all known rodent hosts is lacking. Herein, we document gaps in our knowledge of the diversity and distribution of rodent species that host hantaviruses. Of the currently recognized 681 cricetid, 730 murid, 61 nesomyid, and 278 sciurid species, we determined that 11.3, 2.1, 1.6, and 1.1%, respectively, have known associations with hantaviruses. The diversity of hantaviruses hosted by rodents and their distribution among host species supports a reassessment of the paradigm that each virus is associated with a single-host species. We examine these associations on a global taxonomic and geographical scale with emphasis on the rodent host diversity and distribution. Previous reviews have been centered on the viruses and not the mammalian hosts. Thus, we provide a perspective not previously addressed.'Abstract not available'We report on community structural, ecophysiological, phenological, and morphological measurements made on woody plant species in the high elevation pre-altiplano zone on the western slopes of the Andean Cordillera of northern Chile. Notwithstanding extreme conditions of low rainfall, high atmospheric vapour demand and diurnal temperature fluctuation, a diversity of habitats (associated with drainage and slope aspect), appreciable local plant species richness (28 woody perennial plant species in a small area), and an array of adaptive morphological ecophysiological and phenological traits are present among woody species in these shrublands. Family diversity was low with four families accounted for 82% of the species. A range of gas exchange and watering use efficiency strategies was present ranging from highly efficient CAM species with a carbon isotope discrimination of through C3 species with varying stomatal and gas exchange characteristics with a of 14.4 to Drought-deciduous small-leaved amphistomatic species from arid slopes generally had high stomatal conductance and high carbon assimilation rates during the rainy season. These drought deciduous species were largely leafless and, with one exception had low water potentials, during the dry season. Wash and less xeric site species commonly had broader evergreen to semi-evergreen leaves, higher dry season water potentials, and relatively consistent and moderate rates of gas exchange throughout the year. For all species, intrinsic water use efficiency (as estimated from the inverse of ratio) correlated positively with mean leaf width (broader leaves had a lower higher intrinsic WUE) and dry season water potential. The charismatic high altitude tree, Polylepis rugulosa (Roaceae), had a population structure that suggests highly episodic establishment of seedlings, likely in sequences of wet years. Little of the area of these significant shrublands is currently protected. It would be desirable to add areas of pre-altiplano shrublands to adjacent national parks to ensure the persistence of these important communities.'Abstract not available'As a member of the Sanguisorbinae, taxonomically complicated Polylepis Ruiz & Pav. from the South American Andes is one of the few wind-pollinated genera of Rosaceae. Here, it is suggested that problems traditionally faced in species delimitation and phylogeny reconstruction may be in part due to a combination of weak reproductive barriers and the large distances that can be covered by genetic information as a result of wind pollination. The pattern of species distribution as well as molecular data (AFLP) of Polylepis were contrasted with those of an unrelated, insect-pollinated genus of similar species number and distribution, Minthostachys (Griseb.) Spach (Lamiaceae). In the present case, extensive pollen-mediated gene flow may explain the homogenization of genetic variability over larger distances and a lower number of species restricted to individual countries in the wind-pollinated genus Polylepis, but more examples will have to be studied before arriving at final conclusions.''A taxonomic revision is presented for ten species that comprise the Miconia ulmarioides complex (Melastomataceae: Miconieae). This group is characterized by four-merous flowers with four-locular ovaries, short, stout, pink to fuchsia anthers, punctiform or truncated styles and short outer calyx teeth. All species in the group are small trees and shrubs from the northern Andes in Colombia and Venezuela and the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta and Coastal Cordillera of Venezuela, with one species (M. nubicola) endemic to Jamaica. Leandra ossaeoides is transferred to Miconia (as M. ossaeoides) and M. albertii is synonymized under M. ulmarioides. We designate new lectotypes for M. arbutifolia, M. spinulosa, M. inaperta, M. octoscenidium, M. spinulosa var. subintegrifolia, M. ulmarioides, M. aegrotans, and M. ulmarioides var. fendleri. Descriptions, morphological discussions, key to taxa, and photographs of key features are included for all species.''I studied effects of deforestation on diet and condition of three characid species; Astyanax zonatus, Knodus gamma, and Prionobrama filigera in small streams in the Ecuadorian Amazon. The best condition of K. gamma was found at sites with low canopy cover, while the best condition of P. filigera was found at sites with high canopy cover. Deforestation changed population structure of A. zonatus by decreasing mean size of individuals, but this was not associated with lower fish condition. A. zonatus was omnivorous, and fed equally on invertebrate and plant food. A. zonatus increased feeding on aquatic food items (filamentous algae and fish scales) in the deforested sites (43%) compared to the forested sites (16%). K. gamma was an omnivorous species with preference for invertebrates. K. gamma was mainly feeding on terrestrial food sources in the forested sites, but switched to equal feeding between terrestrial and aquatic food sources in the deforested sites. P. filigera was an terrestrial insectivore feeder, and no differences in the overall food categories was found between stream groups. In contrast, there were no pronounced difference in the composition of invertebrate taxa in the stomachs of K. gamma between stream groups. However, less empty stomachs were observed among K. gamma in the deforested sites. The stomach contents of P. filigera showed great changes in composition of the predominating prey taxa between stream groups and less empty stomachs were observed among P. filigera in the forested sites. Food availability and utilisation seemed to be of main importance for the condition of these fish. Deforestation seems to favour species with high availability to utilise aquatic food items. In contrast, deforestation seems to have negative effects on species that are specialised on terrestrial invertebrates, and have low capacity to switch between aquatic and terrestrial food items.''Cushion plants have long fascinated botanists for their ability to cope with extreme environments in most mountains and arctic regions of the world. One century ago, a first worldwide catalogue of species forming cushions was published by Hauri and (Bot Jahrb Syst Pflanzengesch Pflanzengeogr 1914). Here, we defined a simplified typology of cushion plants and updated the worldwide catalogue of cushion species, along with information on their geographic distribution. This compilation was based on available information in floras and catalogues but also in efloras and virtual encyclopedias, which were screened using automated database queries. We established a list of 1,309 cushion-forming species distributed in 272 genera and 63 families of angiosperms. Compact cushions are represented by 678 species, among which 587 species exhibit a hemispherical shape, and 91 species exhibit a flat to mat shape. We found 398 species forming non-compact hemispherical cushions. The list of cushion species has significantly increased since Hauri and due to the description of new species, updated regional inventories, and improved access to electronic databases. Uncertainties in the delineation of the cushion life form are discussed, notably for non-compact growth forms. A website has been launched to display the catalogue and enable a collaborative improvement of the database (http://www.cushionplants.eu/). The distribution of the species is presented on the basis of the world geographical scheme for recording plant distributions and global biodiversity information facility data. This catalogue will serve as a reference database for further analyses on the biogeography and evolutionary history of cushion plants and arctico-alpine biotas.''Diameter and height measurements of alder (Alnus jorullensis syn. A. acuminata) were taken in 16 stands of known age in sierran Ecuador. Stem volume was estimated based on these measurements and an empirical equation developed in Costa Rica. An empirical relationship between stem volume and tree age for alder in Ecuador was then developed. Managing alder on 1 hectare of farmland and 1 hectare of pasture land on a 20-year rotation with one thinning at 10 years would yield a total tree volume of 372.8 cu m, which would provide wood for fuel, construction, and other wood products. Actual fuelwood consumption for Saraguro, Loja, Ecuador was calculated to be 3.5 m3/year per household.''BackgroundThe exotic pepper species Capsicum baccatum, also known as the aji or Peruvian hot pepper, is comprised of wild and domesticated botanical forms. The species is a valuable source of new genes useful for improving fruit quality and disease resistance in C. annuum sweet bell and hot chile pepper. However, relatively little research has been conducted to characterize the species, thus limiting its utilization. The structure of genetic diversity in a plant germplasm collection is significantly influenced by its ecogeographical distribution. Together with DNA fingerprints derived from AFLP markers, we evaluated variation in fruit and plant morphology of plants collected across the species native range in South America and evaluated these characters in combination with the unique geography, climate and ecology at different sites where plants originated.ResultsThe present study mapped the ecogeographic distribution, analyzed the spatial genetic structure, and assessed the relationship between the spatial genetic pattern and the variation of morphological traits in a diverse C. baccatum germplasm collection spanning the species distribution. A combined diversity analysis was carried out on the USDA-ARS C. baccatum germplasm collection using data from GIS, morphological traits and AFLP markers. The results demonstrate that the C. baccatum collection covers wide geographic areas and is adapted to divergent ecological conditions in South America ranging from cool Andean highland to Amazonia rainforest. A high level of morphological diversity was evident in the collection, with fruit weight the leading variable. The fruit weight distribution pattern was compatible to AFLP-based clustering analysis for the collection. A significant spatial structure was observed in the C. baccatum gene pool. Division of the domesticated germplasm into two major regional groups (Western and Eastern) was further supported by the pattern of spatial population structure.ConclusionsThe results reported improve our understanding of the combined effects of geography, ecology and human intervention on organization of the C. baccatum genepool. The results will facilitate utilization of C. baccatum for crop improvement and species conservation by providing a framework for efficient germplasm collection management and guidance for future plant acquisitions.'"The celebrated 1972 Stockholm environmental conference focused attention on the condition of the world's environment. A twenty year retrospective summary is provided by the introduction and specialty papers on all facets of mountain society and habitat relationships. Theories, models and paradigms that guided mountain research are critically examined. Specific attention is given to the application of the ecology paradigm. Contemporary discoveries and developments about resource management in mountains are elucidated. Assessments of the mountain environment, including wildlife habitat, tourism and recreation, forests, hazards, deforestation, food plant biodiversity, risk and hazard, are provided by the specialty articles. These papers were prepared for the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro."'An index is presented of 375 articles which appeared in Vol. of Vegetatio. A Source index is followed by a Keyword index, a Discipline index, a Vegetation type index, a Geographical index, and a Latin name index for taxa and syntaxa. The codes used for discipline, vegetation type and geographic area are the same as those used in the Index Vol. After a short introduction a history of the journal is presented, followed by some statistics on the origin of the authors and the type of article, for seven periods covering the entire history of the journal since 1948. Finally the codes are elucidated.''The evidence of microclimatic edge effects through forest/open area ecotones is firm. How this affects the species composition near edges is less well understood and documented. In south-western South Africa shrub-dominated regularly burnt vegetation (i.e. fynbos) is the most common vegetation with indigenous temperate forests naturally occurring mostly in ravines on mountain slopes. The size and width of these forest patches varies considerably. In order to understand how the width of forest patches affects species composition of mosses and liverworts we investigated 20 forest patches of different width. In each forest patch we compiled a total species list, and collected data on selected environmental variables, for a plot of No significant relationship was found between patch width and the number of either moss or liverwort species. However, the species composition of mosses (but not liverworts) changed along the gradient of patch width. The variation in number of species was large mosses and liverworts) among the plots and we propose that factors other than distance to the forest edge may be more important in structuring the bryophyte community of these ravine forests. One such factor that is likely to be important is the climatic difference among the plots. There is variation in features, such as precipitation, summer temperature, cloudiness, and the amount of fog, for which we do not have data but that could overrule the microclimatic differences due to edge effects.'"Classification of agroforestry (AF) systems is necessary in order to provide a framework for evaluating systems and developing action plans for their improvement. The AF Systems Inventory (AFSI) being undertaken by ICRAF provides the background information for an approach to classification.The words and are commonly used in AF literature. An AF system refers to a type of AF land-use that extends over a locality to the extent of forming a land utilization type of the locality. Sub-system and practice are lower-order terms in the hierarchy with lesser magnitudes of role, content and complexity. In common parlance, however, these terms are used loosely, and almost synonymously.Several criteria can be used to classify and group AF systems (and practices). The most commonly used ones are the system's structure (composition and arrangement of components), its function, its socio-economic scale and level of management, and its ecological spread. Structurally, the system can be grouped as agrisilviculture (crops including tree/shrub crops and trees). silvopastoral (pasture/animals + trees), and agrosilvopastoral (crops + pasture/animals + trees). Other specialized AF systems such as apiculture with trees, aquaculture in mangrove areas, multipurpose tree lots, and so on, can also be specified. Arrangement of components can be in time (temporal) or space (spatial) and several terms are used to denote the various arrangements. Functional basis refers to the main output and role of components, especially the woody ones. These can be productive functions (production of such as food, fodder, fuelwood, other products, etc.) and protective roles (soilconservation, soil fertility improvement, protection offered by windbreaks and shelterbelts, and so on). On an ecological basis, systems can be grouped for any defined agro-ecological zone such as lowland humid tropics, arid and semi-arid tropics, tropical highlands, and so on. The socio-economic scale of production and level of management of the system can be used as the criteria to designate systems as commercial, or subsistence. Each of these criteria has merits and applicability in specific situations, but they have limitations too so that no single classification scheme can be accepted as universally applicable. Classification will depend upon the purpose for which it is intended.Nevertheless since there are only three basic sets of components that are managed by man in all AF Systems, viz. woody perennials, herbaceous plants and animals, a logical first step is to classify AF systems based on their component composition, into agrisilvicultural, silvopastoral and agrosilvopastoral (or any other specialized) systems. Subsequently the systems can be grouped according to any of the purpose-oriented criteria. The resulting system name can thus have any one of the three basic categories as a prefix; for example agrisilvicultural system for soil conservation.Some of the major AF systems and practices of the tropics are grouped according to such a framework. The scheme appears a logical, simple, pragmatic and purpose-oriented approach to classification of AF systems."'Multiplicity and continual change characterize the Peruvian agricultural knowledge and information system (AKIS), reflecting changes in the agricultural sector as a whole. The evolution of these changes can be traced back to the pre-Columbian era when a relatively stable and well-organized system based on indigenous knowledge prevailed. During colonial and early Republican times (beginning 1821) several changes affecting the agricultural sector contributed to a weakening of indigenous knowledge systems. During the 20th century extension services provided by the government and a variety of private organizations began to play an important role in the dissemination of information, albeit in an erratic way. Since the 1970s the system increased in complexity with the emergence of non-governmental institutions. Today government participation is limited and there is a more important participation by a number of NGOs and private organizations. This diversity of actors using different approaches has generated disarray in the information system owing to the lack of coherent policies to guide the interaction among actors. This paper uses the case of potato pest control-related information to illustrate changes in local knowledge systems. It differentiates pest control based on indigenous knowledge, chemical control, and integrated pest management (IPM) and explains how changes in the system have influenced the use of these three types of information in AKIS. Currently, the coexistence of different types of potato pest control information promoted and used by diverse and usually unconnected sets of organizations and individuals presents a challenge and requires inter-institutional action guided by clear policies to promote sustainable agriculture.''In the tropical Andes, the ecosystem is known as water towers and the main water supplier for the cities of the Andean region. Nevertheless, considering that evapotranspiration (ET) is the major water loss and the lack of in situ evapotranspiration measurements in high altitudinal ecosystems, ET dynamics on the hydrological regulation remains largely unexplored. Therefore, to close this gap, we focused on a remote sensing approach. This study addressed the altitudinal and temporal dynamics of actual evapotranspiration using a crop coefficient based on a Vegetation Index (VI) model. Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI), Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and Soil-Adjusted Vegetation Index (SAVI) retrieved from Landsat imagery were evaluated. Four remote sensing images and ground-level meteorological data for a 10-month period were used to create ET maps from each VI. A cubic spline interpolation was used to obtain daily ET time series between two satellite overpass dates. Aggregated monthly values were used to validate against ET calculated from water balance. Results revealed that EVI-based ET outperformed the other VI-based ET. The results showed 30% of subestimation (Pbias%) in relation to the water balance. For upgraded results, an extended satellite images time series and a fine calibration are needed. Regarding the altitudinal variability, ET exhibited a strong dependence on land cover characteristics. Our work provides a plausible method to estimate ET in ecosystems in the absence of ET measurements and with a scarcity of clear sky images, further evaluation is necessary to improve ET estimations using remote sensing in the future.''Facilitation by nurse plants is one of the most commonly reported interactions between plants and is regarded as an important factor in structuring plant communities. We used a meta-analysis to examine the generality of these effects, focusing on cushion plants, a common life-form occurring in high-Andean ecosystems. We targeted the following questions: (1) is there a generalized positive effect of cushions on other vascular plant species along the Andes? (2) do different species groups (i.e., annuals and perennials, natives and exotics) display different association responses to cushions? (3) does the nurse effect of cushions increase with environmental severity? Results indicated that the overall effect of cushions is positive, however these positive effects were more significant amongst exotic plants than in native plants; effects were only positive for perennial plants, and were notably negative for annuals. The positive effects of cushions also increased with physical stress, but only for perennial plants. These results allow us to suggest that as a whole cushions may be acting as keystone species that maintain the structure and diversity of high-Andean plant communities. Nevertheless, since cushions also positively affect the performance of exotic plants, we should be aware of their potential role in promoting biological invasions.''The Pantepui region harbors one of the most distinctive endemic montane bird faunas in the Neotropics, and is located across the tepuis of northern South America. We made an extensive literature review to understand large-scale distribution patterns of birds in the Pantepui. The core avifauna of the tepuis is composed of 138 bird species, most forest-dwelling insectivores, of which 43 are endemic. In addition, 167 subspecies of birds are endemic to these mountains. The number of endemic species peaks between 1251 and whereas the diversity of non-endemic species is highest between 751 and A high proportion (28%) of endemic taxa (species plus subspecies) is restricted to a single mountain. Tepuis are distributed along a longitudinal gradient, and bird species compositions of mountains located in the eastern and western portion of this gradient are clearly differentiated. Maximum altitude of the mountains and their distance from the Andes are the best predictors of species richness and composition across the Pantepui. Also, bird species composition at site level exhibits significant nested patterns which are affected by maximum altitude, isolation and geographic position of the mountains. The unique bird assemblage of the Pantepui area of endemism is structured through a combination of the spatial distribution of the mountains, habitat diversity, and complex historical events.''Beta diversity quantifies changes in assemblages among sites and can identify how anthropogenic changes affect species distributions patterns. We investigated how spatial and temporal beta diversity of fish assemblages responded to recent environmental changes within an established agroecosystem and investigated whether the observed pattern of spatial and temporal beta diversity was different from null expectations. Fish assemblages in 38 streams were sampled in 2003 and 2013, and local and regional variables were quantified in both periods. Species were classified into functional groups based on 15 ecomorphological traits. We tested for relationships between spatial and temporal patterns of beta diversity and its components (turnover and nestedness) and environmental distances and degree of changes over time, and for differences with null expectations. Spatial beta diversity was mostly due to turnover and remained relatively unchanged between periods. Spatial beta diversity was not different from randomness. Temporal beta diversity was lower than expected by null models and not correlated with environmental changes. Past environmental filters related to a long history of agricultural development homogenized habitats and fish assemblages by selecting for habitat-generalist species. In this context, contemporary fish assemblage dynamics in these streams are driven primarily by stochastic processes, likely stochastic local species loss.''Phyllostomid bats are prominent components of mammalian assemblages in the Neotropics. With many species specialized in frugivory, phyllostomids represent major partners of fleshy-fruited plants in the mutualism of seed dispersal. Here we present dietary data from two subtropical rainforests of Argentina, where fruit diversity is low and thus offer unique opportunities to test hypotheses of diet selection originally proposed for species-rich tropical assemblages. Particularly, we tested whether frugivorous phyllostomids exhibit pronounced dietary specialization in core plant taxa where fruit offer is greatly reducedascomparedtotropical rainforests.We analyzed dietary overlap and nichebreadth of subtropical frugivorous bats on the basis of >1000 dietary records plus >500 samples from a previous study in the region.Weshow thatinthe subtropics, frugivores from different genera remain faithful to their respective core plant taxa with few exceptions, rather than shifting toward alternative fruit resources available in the study sites. This supports predictions of specialization, which is confirmed to have a deep historical origin. The response of phyllostomid ensembles to restricted fruit diversity is at the level of species composition: absence of species for which preferred fruits do not occur in the sites. Taken together, these data lend strong support to hypotheses that explain coexistence of frugivorous phyllostomids on the basis of dietary specialization on core plant taxa with chiropterochorous fruits.'Abstract not available'In Colombia, like most Neotropical countries, faunistic studies on flower flies have been occasional and most of them have been primarily focused on taxonomy. Colombia is the second-most species-rich country in flower fly diversity in the Neotropics after Brazil, and has one of the highest numbers of species per unit area (2.49 per based on a review of literature and national collections. Including new data presented here, a total of 47 genera and 300 species are recorded in Colombia. The genera Scaeva Fabricius and Lycastrirhyncha Bigot, as well as 101 species are recorded here for the first time. The altitudinal range and the distribution of the flower fly genera in Colombia are presented. A preliminary comparison of the fauna of Colombia with that of other Neotropical countries is given. A historical perspective is also provided in order to illustrate how Colombian Syrphidae knowledge has progressed over the last Information presented here will be useful for ongoing and future biodiversity research as well as conservation projects on Syrphidae in the Neotropical region.''We explored how climate change during the may have affected the distribution and demography of the Plumbeous Sierra-finch (Geospizopsis unicolor) across the Ecuadorian paramos. Also, given the current island-like configuration of this ecosystem, we attempted to identify areas that may hold genetically isolated populations, as well as the potential geographic-ecological barriers causing such isolation. To this end, we used paleoclimatic modeling and a series of population genetic analyses based on two mitochondrial markers. Our models show an expansion of the potential distribution of the species during the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM) compared to the current potential distribution, and the genetic data show signals of population expansion loosely around the LGM. Our results depict a picture of relatively low genetic structure of the Plumbeous Sierra-finch along the paramos of Ecuador, but there is evidence of potential isolation of populations in the paramos of Galeras-Chiles (northern Ecuador).''This paper discusses participatory research in the Andes and presents a case study in Cotacachi, Ecuador, where sustainability scientists and indigenous people seek common ground in their respective but drastically different research and social agendas. Participatory research based on Andean experiences pre-dated and inspired much of the later international movement in agriculture, health, and conservation. Andean communities have a long history in demanding that outsiders address the needs of the community as a condition for carrying out scientific or applied activities. What an Andean community, however, sees as relevant may or may not be within the rubric of as it is practiced throughout much of the world. In fact, overzealous participatory researchers are just as bothersome as their predecessors bearing long questionnaires. More important to Andean people is an equitable relationship with researchers and developers in which exchanges of value are made. A distinction between and research is drawn. In the case of the SANREM project in Cotacachi, Ecuador, scientists carried out enriching research activities of interest to local people as a way to generate social capital for conducting basic research which does not have an obvious, immediate local benefit. The requested research did not have a conventional participatory methodology but provided valuable products (educational opportunity, germplasm, community visualization tools, and information) to the indigenous community in exchange for time and resources to conduct research on more basic natural resource questions. We argue that in the Andean context the key to reconciling the needs of scientists and of local needs is seeking new forms of equitable collaboration which reach beyond the present and now somewhat tired discourse of'Most studies of land change have focused on patterns, rates, and drivers of deforestation, but much less is known about the dynamics associated with agricultural abandonment and ecosystem recovery. Furthermore, most studies are conducted at a single spatial scale, and few have included variables related with internal socio-political conflicts. Here we evaluated the effect of environmental, demographic, and socio-economic variables on woody cover change in Colombia between 2001 and 2010 at the country, biome, and ecoregion scales. We also incorporated factors that reflect the unique history of Colombia such as the presence of illegal-armed groups and forced human displacement. Environmental variables explained the patterns of deforestation and forest regrowth at all scales because they can restrict or encourage different land uses across multiple spatial scales. Demographic variables were important at the biome and ecoregion scales and appear to be a consequence of the armed conflict, particularly through forced human displacement (for example, migration), which in some areas has resulted in forest regrowth. In other areas, the impact of illegal armed groups has reduced forest cover, particularly in areas rich in gold and lands appropriate for cattle grazing. This multi-scale and multivariate approach provides a new insight into the complex relationship between woody cover change and land abandonment triggered mainly by armed conflict.''This article reviews the development of a global non-hydrostatic model, focusing on the pioneering research of the Non-hydrostatic Icosahedral Atmospheric Model (NICAM). Very high resolution global atmospheric circulation simulations with horizontal mesh spacing of approximately O (km) were conducted using recently developed supercomputers. These types of simulations were conducted with a specifically designed atmospheric global model based on a quasi-uniform grid mesh structure and a non-hydrostatic equation system. This review describes the development of each dynamical and physical component of NICAM, the assimilation strategy and its related models, and provides a scientific overview of NICAM studies conducted to date.'Abstract not available'Nomenclatural systems are structured around classification, and together they enable increasingly informed communication about biological diversity. Challengers of Linnaean classification and nomenclature have proposed the PhyloCode, a new set of rules that would govern the way systematists classify and name the diversity of life. Monographs and floras are two fundamental vehicles for communicating information about plant diversity. These works provide a comprehensive foundation of botanical research upon which other scientific studies are based. Information conveyed by monographs and floras is utilized directly or indirectly both within and outside the scientific arena by a wide range of consumers, such as educators, agronomists, ecologists, conservationists, amateur naturalists, and even lawmakers, to name a few. Both classification and nomenclature are essential to the process of synthesis that leads to monographic and floristic treatments and the communication that they facilitate. Conversion to a new system would have far-reaching consequences for the flow of information from systematics to other scientific disciplines, and to society. The purposes of this article are to address the proposed conversion from the perspective of monographic and floristic research focused on Neotropical plant diversity and to point out some difficulties in applying the PhyloCode to the Neotropical flora. Although we welcome improvements in the current nomenclatural system, we conclude that the PhyloCode is not prepared to replace the Linnaean system as a new way to communicate information about Neotropical plant diversity.''The Totonac homegarden is a traditionally designed agroecosystem mixing different elements, such as cultivated and wild plants, and livestock. Our objective was to understand the role and importance of homegardens as a strategy for subsistence and natural resources management. Anthropological fieldwork was carried out in Coxquihui, Veracruz, Mexico, a Totonac community. Conventional sampling using a questionnaire yielded a sample of 40 individuals, each representing a family group. Personal interviews, life stories, observations, and field transects enriched survey information. Fieldwork permitted identification of four types of Totonac homegardens: backyards, cropping fields, acahuales or fallow fields, and fences or field edges. Each of these gardens yields an array of products and services important for several cultural roles and natural resource management aims. Totonacs see land as the dominant and most critical resource. A great deal of terrain is steeply sloped and soils are poor. Homegardens play a key role in a production system that minimizes these site limitations, striking a balance between resource maintenance and subsistence needs. Their functions are ecological, to foster a multistrata vegetation cover, and a continuous supply of organic matter to the soil; economic, serving as living storehouses where diverse products (food, timber, firewood, forage, animals, ceremonial supplies, medicinal products), are kept through the annual cycle; and social, performing various social roles such as growing medicinal, ritual, and edible plants, thus supporting beliefs and culture continuity. Studies like this contribute to a better understanding of Totonac culture and native ecology, and give ideas for a better land management.''This paper reviews the research on land use change and its corresponding ecological responses. Patterns of land use changes in spatio-temporal level are produced by the interaction of biophysical and socio-economic processes. Nowadays, the studies derived from different socioeconomic conditions and scales show that at short-term scale, human activities, rather than natural forces, have become a major force in shaping the environment, while biophysical factors control the trends and processes of land use change under the macro environmental background. Providing a scientific understanding of the process of land use change, the impacts of different land use decisions, and the ways that decisions are affected by a changing environment and increasing ecological variability are the priority areas for research: (1) explanation of scale dependency of drivers of land use change; (2) quantification of driving factors of land use change; (3) incorporation of biophysical feedbacks in land use change models; and (4) underlying processes and mechanisms of ecological impacts of land use change.''The genus Praepedaliodes Forster, 1964, the only representative of the mega-diverse mostly Andean Pedaliodes complex lineage in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, is revised. Prior to this study, four species were known, P. phanias (Hewitson, 1862), P. granulata (Butler, 1868), P. amussis (Thieme, 1905) and P. exul (Thieme, 1905). Here, a further six are described, all from SE Brazil, expanding to 10 the number of species in this genus. Lectotypes are designated for P. phanias, P. granulata and P. amussis. The genus is most diverse in the Serra da Mantiqueira Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Minas Gerais) and in the Serra Geral Santa Catarina) with seven species occurring in both ranges. Praepedaliodes phanias is the most widespread species and the only one found in the western part of the Atlantic Forest; only this species and P. duartei Dias, Dolibaina & Pyrcz n. sp. occurring to near sea level. Other species, P. zaccae Dolibaina, Dias & Pyrcz n. sp., P. francinii Freitas & Pyrcz n. sp., P. sequeirae Pyrcz, Dias & Dolbaina n. sp., P. landryi Pyrcz & Freitas n. sp. and P. pawlaki Pyrcz & Boyer n. sp. are strictly montane and the highest species richness is reached at One species, P. sequeirae n. sp., is a narrow endemic found only at timberline in the Agulhas Negras massif above Immature stages are described for two species, P. phanias and P. landryi n. sp. Molecular data (barcode region of cytochrome oxidase, subunit I) and adult morphology, including male and female genitalia, support the genus as monophyletic, belonging to a predominantly Andean clade of the Pedaliodes Butler, 1867 complex. Morphological evidences, in particular female genitalia comparative analysis, indicate the genera Physcopedaliodes Forster, 1964 and Panyapedaliodes Forster, 1964 as possibly the closest relatives to Praepedaliodes. Molecular data are inconclusive in this respect.''The explicit purpose of this study was to characterize climate and vegetation along the western slope of the El Sira Mountains (Peru) and evaluate radial tree growth in response to seasonal rainfall anomalies. From May 2011 until September 2015, we monitored radial stem growth of 67 trees using point dendrometers and measured climate within five sites along an altitudinal gradient. The transect extends from lowland terra firme forests, over submontane forests, late and mid successional montane cloud forests up to exposed elfin forests. Monthly rainfall estimates by the TRMM PR satellite (product 3B42) were highly correlated with our rain gauge observations but underestimate rainfall at high altitudes. Different intra-annual tree growth patterns could be identified within each elevational forest type, showing species with strictly seasonal growth, continuous growth or alternating growth patterns independent of the seasons. Stem growth at each site was generally larger during rainy seasons, except for the elfin forest. The rainy season from October 2013 to March 2014 was extraordinarily dry, with only 73% of long-term mean precipitation received, which resulted in reduced radial growth, again with the exception of the elfin forest. This indicates that montane tropical rain forests may suffer from prolonged droughts, while exposed ridges with elfin forests still receive plenty of precipitation and benefit from receiving more solar radiation for photosynthesis.''As payment for ecosystem services (PES) programs grow around the world, so have concerns over whether a focus on ecosystem services will also protect biodiversity. Biodiverse Ecuadorian grasslands have become a hotspot for PES in an effort to protect water supplies, sequester carbon, conserve biodiversity, and improve rural livelihoods. However, the outcomes of PES-incentivized land management, particularly burn exclusion, on plant communities and their associated ecosystem services remain poorly understood. To address this science-policy gap, we evaluated plant richness and number and cover of the ten major growth forms in two study areas with chronosequences of burn exclusion. Both species richness and number of growth forms was highest in sites with intermediate times-since-last burn and the cover of tussock to protecting soils and maintaining hydrologic within after fire at both study areas, suggesting that PES programs targeting hydrologic services do not need to exclude burning to ensure adequate vegetation cover over the long-term. However, shrub growth forms were slower to recover, indicating that conserving the plant composition characteristic of less disturbed requires some protection from burning. Findings provide broad lessons for PES programs focused on both biodiversity and ecosystem services and point to the importance of clearly defining PES ecological goals since land-use prescriptions may differ depending on the management objective.''Eine Simulation des Zustands der eiszeitlichen (18000 Jahre vor heute) wird vorgestellt. Das T21-Modell (allgemeines Zirkulationsmodell der entwickelt am Zentrum Mittelfrist-Wettervorhersage, wurde zur Berechnung von sechs verwendet. Die Ergebnisse der Klimatologie (2 m-Temperatur, 10 m-Wind und Niederschlag) werden als Mittel die letzten Modelljahre. Die Darstellung ist auf Januar- und Julimittel, um die eiszeitlichen im Sommer und Winter deutlich zu machen. Die Antwort des Modells auf die eiszeitlichen Randbedingungen stimmt recht gut mit Landdaten und mit anderen Simulationsrechnungen. Obgleich die Klimaunterschiede in der eiszeitlichen und der heutigen statistisch signifikant sind, wurde die Grundstruktur der Zirkulation vom T21-Modell nur wenig'The Peruvian government seeks to stop deforestation in its primary forest in the Amazon. It alleges that the main culprit of deforestation is smallholders who practice swidden farming. However, this is a simplified view, concealing the main reasons for deforestation and the complexity of land use changes. By studying land and forest use through the lens of the indigenous Kechwa-Lamas people, who live along forest covered mountain slopes in the region San we attempt to show the complex and intertwined reasons for deforestation, as well as how the indigenous people try to cope with this development. We identify and discuss three types of land swidden and tree based systems of the Kechwa-Lamas people, agricultural intensification practices (particularly perennial cash crops), and state conservation approaches. In practice these uses overlap spatially and have synergistic and antagonistic aspects. Kechwa-Lamas may clear land for tree cash crops, but they also manage forests and seek to conserve them for particular needs. Migrants from the Andes clear forests to plant perennial crops, penetrating the ancestral territories of the Kechwa-Lamas, while large scale capital intensive agriculture often intrudes into primary forest and jeopardizes existing subsistence systems. The opening up of forest areas in San and its gradual integration into the market economy, together with the local division of the region into zones intended for different purposes, have had both intended and unintended consequences. There is a need to develop a more nuanced understanding of the forms and complexity of forests and their transitions, particularly where secondary and managed forests replace previous rainforest areas. The findings draw on field observations and interviews with households, key NGO informants and a detailed case study of 13 Kechwa-Lamas villages.''Our understanding of how plant communities will respond to current and future climate change has advanced considerably since the use of early climate models to predict specific local temperature and precipitation changes, and thereby plant transitions, at the beginning of climate change recognition and research. The collection, availability and spatial distribution of pollen records across the Americas has recently allowed us to investigate plant compositional transitions during climate change periods in the past. Results from these models and pollen record investigations have provided formulated hypotheses, led by in palynology and climate change ecology predicting that high latitude, high elevation and species-rich communities have shown greater plant compositional transitions during periods of climate change in the past, show greater change today, and will show greater change in the future. To address hypotheses for the past, and infer changes for the future, we used 238 pollen records across North and South America to test if latitude, elevation and taxa richness defined plant compositional transitions and their rates of change over the past 10,000 years, representing the majority of the Holocene (11.7k 150 ybp), and if transitions were identifiable as hotspots of change. Contradicting hypothesis we found low latitude records to show greater transitions during the late Holocene, associated with increased aridity leading to Amazon, deciduous and Atlantic forest Caatinga, Cerrado shifts at low latitudes. Higher elevations showed greater plant compositional transitions during the late Holocene, providing support for hypothesis of greater plant transitions at higher elevations, associated with Andean cooling over the past 5k years. Richness explained less of plant compositional transition than latitude and elevation and showed positive, negative and no relationships showing no clear conclusive pattern. Climate change research solely at high latitudes and high elevations overlooks consequences of climate shifts on other ecosystems, such as tropical forests of northeastern South America showing past increased aridity and predicted future drought probability of 80% by 2050 leading to predicted 20% forest loss by the end of the century.''Logging and forest loss continues to be a major problem within Southeast Asia and as a result, many species are becoming threatened or extinct. The present study provides the first detailed and comprehensive ecological data on the Siberut macaque (Macaca siberu), a primate species living exclusively on the island of Siberut off the west coast of Sumatra. Our results show that M. siberu is ecologically similar to its closest relative M. nemestrina occurring on the mainland, both species being semi-terrestrial, mainly frugivorous (75-76%), exhibit a large daily travel distance for their group size and spend more time on traveling than any other macaque species. The habitat of Siberut macaques was floristically very diverse index D=0.97), although somewhat impoverished in tree species richness, and had a lower tree basal area and a lower rattan density compared to other forests in Malesia (both rattan and palm tree fruit being an important food resource for Macaca siberu due to their long fruiting periods). These factors may lead to a lower diversity and abundance of fruit resources, and coupled with a high degree of frugivory of Siberut macaques, may explain the large amount of traveling observed in this species. The large home range requirements and strong dependence on fruit are important factors that need to be considered when developing conservation measures for this IUCN-listed (Category Vulnerable) species.'Abstract not available'The conservation of forests in expanding frontier landscapes is critically important to forest ecosystems and support forest dependent communities. To conserve frontier forests, policy approaches are needed that conserve forests and advance the well-being of local resource dependent communities. To identify such approaches, conservation and development framework (FCDF) was designed to find place-based conservation-development policies that target influencing land-use practices. To demonstrate the utility of the FCDF, a portfolio of conservation-development policies were identified for Manu-Tambopata Corridor (MAT) and evaluated by local land-users. Results of the MAT case study show high levels of interest in the proposed policies, but a in interest levels relative to personal circumstances and policies proposed. Barriers to implementing conservation-development policies in frontier environments were also identified, including high value land-use alternatives generating high opportunity costs for accepting PES payments (e.g., REDD+), insecure land tenure and conflicting authorizations limiting land-users policy choices, and broad demographic diversity among local land-users. Collectively, this research suggests the FCDF is a useful approach for identifying policies matched to local advance conservation and human development. This research also indicates policy design in frontier environments is most effective when adapted to local conditions, seeks to identify a mix of complementary policies, and is targeted at key system variables influencing land-use practices (i.e., system leverage-points). Importantly, the MAT case study also highlights how even in rapidly changing frontier landscapes, land-users are interested in policies that advance conservation and development goals.''Management of protected areas must adapt to climate impacts, and prepare for ongoing ecological transformation. Future-Proofing Conservation is a dialogue-based, multi-stakeholder learning process that supports conservation managers to consider the implications of climate change for governance and management. It takes participants through a series of conceptual transitions to identify new management options that are robust to a range of possible biophysical futures, and steps that they can take now to prepare for ecological transformation. We outline the Future-Proofing Conservation process, and demonstrate its application in a pilot programme in Colombia. This process can be applied and adapted to a wide range of climate adaptation contexts, to support practitioners in developing positive ways forward for management and decision-making. By acknowledging scientific uncertainty, considering social values, and rethinking the rules that shape conservation governance, participants can identify new strategies towards over the long term.''Germplasm of the calabash tree (Crescentia cujete L.) was collected in five major regions of Colombia, i.e. the Andes, Caribbean, Amazon, Orinoco, and Pacific regions. Collecting this multipurpose tree was guided by the indigenous knowledge of farmers and artisans in each region. Large variation in fruit shapes and sizes was found, of which some forms were typical for certain regions. Overall 56 accessions were collected and roughly classified into 22 types by eight fruit shapes and eight sizes. Molecular markers (Amplified fragment length polymorphisms) were applied to leaf tip tissue originating from vegetatively propagated plants in order to assess the diversity available in the germplasm collected as well as to detect patterns of geographical or morphological similarity. One accession each of C. alata H.B.&K. and C. amazonica Ducke were used as outgroups. Overall, genetic diversity was high (mean Nei and coefficient of 0.43). No relations could be established between either geographical provenance or fruit morphology and patterns of genetic diversity. Concerning the outgroups, the C. amazonica accession appeared to be a distinct species. The C. alata accession, however, did not seem to be sufficiently distinct from C. cujete to merit species status. The latter material may in fact be a hybrid or serve to challenge the validity of interspecific organization of the genus Crescentia.''Traditional water classifications for Amazonian rivers are based mainly on optical characteristics that do not fully capture their complexity. Today, an increasing amount of hydrochemical data indicates that the chemical composition of Amazonian rivers varies much more than this simple classification indicates. Revising river classification based on hydrochemical properties is proposed here. In this first comprehensive review of Amazonian river chemistry, we synthesized critical information from 168 scientific publications and distinguish unusual white, black, and clearwater rivers. It is shown the distribution of such rivers across the basin and the limitations of using generalized designations for river typologies. For example, some optically clearwater rivers draining carboniferous stripes have chemical properties similar to whitewater rivers, regardless of their high transparency. Furthermore, a clear or blackwater stream that becomes turbid because of soil erosion does not become a whitewater stream. Its hydrochemical parameters of acidity and nutrient poverty depend on the geology of the catchment area and remain relatively unaffected. These insights into Amazonian river classification provide a new understanding of their baseline limnological conditions. They have implications for sustainable management of freshwater systems and for monitoring potential impacts of large development projects and climate change on the Amazonian aquatic systems.''Amazonian forests are floodplains inundated by nutrient-rich white-water rivers occurring along the Amazon River. They are regularly flooded for up to 210 days per year by water columns of m. Topographic variation results in different flooding amplitudes and durations along the flooding gradient, where the different tolerance to flooding of different plant species results in a vegetation zonation. We made a review of literature about the vegetation composition floodplain forests of Brazilian Amazonia along the Amazon River. Twenty-two studies were selected. Basing on the distribution of inventories which are concentrated in three main areas around the three larger cities Manaus and we classified the inventories into three regions: (A) Estuary region with flooding regime influenced by daily inundations linked to the tides; (B) Central Amazonia near Manaus; (C) Western part of Brazilian Amazonia bordering Peru and Colombia, including and the de Desenvolvimento Summarizing the analyzed species lists, 36 tree species were registered in all sampled regions including the estuary. The regions A +C have 63 species in common, region B+C 143, and A+B 50. In the inventories analyzed here, an increase in species numbers from East to West can be confirmed, but it is difficult to state whether this is not an artefact due to local sampling. Vertical zonation patterns are difficult to discuss due to the lack of comparable data. The inventoried areas are small, and there is an urgent need for comparable floristic inventories throughout the basin. Destruction is spreading rapidly and the traditional use of forests and its resources is changing to a destructive exploitation that already has changed much of the physiognomy and diversity of this unique ecosystem.''This paper reviews the systematics of wild potatoes over the past 11 years, in reference to the latest comprehensive taxonomic treatment by Hawkes (1990. The potato: evolution, biodiversity and genetic resources. Belhaven Press, Washington, D.C.). Included here is information on monographs and floras, new germplasm collections made since 1988 compared to total potato distributional data, new taxonomic changes (including synonymy and new species descriptions), ingroup and outgroup relationships, intraspecific studies, diversity studies, and fingerprinting. In addition, data supporting taxonomic changes and phylogeny from ploidy levels, Endosperm Balance Numbers, and morphological studies of taxonomically important characters are reviewed. A revised list of 206 species is presented (from 232 in Hawkes) that incorporates recent synonymy of names, recognition of new names, and new species descriptions. New germplasm collections of 58 potato taxa were collected that did not occur in genebanks before 1988.''A wide range of space and time scales characterize the processes and phenomena which interact to shape environmental condition and trends. Important perspectives of environmental space and time include the role of terrestrial and astronomical factors in shaping climatic change, insights to be gained from the pre-historical record, relations between disturbance and biotic responses, episodic extreme events and large-scale phenomena, cumulative impacts, fast slow processes and memory reservoirs. Scales in physical, chemical and biological phenomena have parallels in human driving forces, societal relations and decision making processes, and environmental scales of space and time thus have perceptual as well as physical dimensions. Scale is clearly more than just size and dimension, and there is a growing body of examples on how zooming along and across hierarchical scales can help in seeking explanation and significance and in revealing emergent properties. Scaling can also act as a motor for new approaches to scientific cooperation. Such evolving scales in scientific cooperation are examined in relation to three international research programmes (IBP, MAB, IGBP), to various sub-disciplines of ecology and biogeography, and to the restructuring of a largish research institute in Montpellier (France). An overall conclusion is that scaling issues may provide a stimulus to increased coherence within the science of ecology itself, and may facilitate mutually supportive links with other scientific domains and society at large.''Oil palm is one of the most rapidly expanding crops throughout the tropics, yet little is known about its impacts on Neotropical invertebrate biodiversity. Responses of insect assemblages to land conversion may substantially vary among taxa. We assessed geometrid and arctiine moth assemblages in a Costa Rican human dominated landscape, where oil palm plantations are now the second most common land cover. Moths were sampled during 6 months with automatic traps in the interior and margin of old-growth forests, young secondary forests and oil palm plantations in a area. Our results show that richness and diversity of both taxa were severely reduced in oil palm compared to all other habitats. Geometrid abundance was highest in forest interiors and lowest in oil palm, while arctiine numbers did not differ between habitats. Dominance was highest in oil palm plantations, where one arctiine species and one geometrid species accounted for over 40% of total abundance in each of their respective taxa. Species composition was distinct in oil palm and forest interior sites, and depicted a gradient of habitat disturbance in ordination space that was strongly related to vegetation diversity and structure. This study demonstrates that oil palm plantations are not a suitable habitat for these moth taxa. Whilst some arctiine species seem adapted to disturbed habitats, geometrids were more dependent on old-growth forests, showing higher bioindicator potential. In the face of accelerated oil palm expansion, conservation strategies should focus on protecting old-growth forest remnants, as well as increasing species diversity and structural complexity of degraded habitats.''Knowledge of a geographic distribution is crucial to assessing its vulnerability. It is also important to know if protected areas provide effective protection for raptor species. Here, we examine the species richness (S) patterns, factors predicting S and the effectiveness of protected areas (EPA) in the conservation of diurnal raptors in Venezuela. We modeled geographic distributions (SDM) of 64 raptor species using ecological niche models. Nine climatic and seven landscape metrics were used as environmental predictors. SDM were stacked to examine S and predictors of S were investigated using regression models. This study evaluated S patterns in the 13 bioregions defined for Venezuela. A gap analysis was performed to evaluate the EPA in the conservation of raptor diversity. Forty species showed a continuous distribution, whereas as disjunct distributions were observed in 24 species. Species richness differed among bioregions; six pairwise compared bioregions did not show differences. Guyana Massif and the mountains of northern Venezuela had the highest species richness. Landscape features, specifically canopy height, land cover and terrain slope explained most of the species richness. Environmental heterogeneity affected the distribution of S and is therefore important in conservation planning for Neotropical raptors. Responses from environmental variables used to predict S were scale dependent; it is necessary to standardize methods/experimental design to study the biogeography of raptors. Priority-setting for the conservation of raptors in Venezuela must consider restricted range species, even if they are not threatened. A new territorial ordering is urgent to improve the protection of this group of birds.''Recent research in Amazonia has diverged from the orthodoxy of the last 40 years and provoked a wide-ranging debate over the nature of human ecology and adaptation in this vast region. New evidence stresses both the abundance of the Amazonian environment and the complexity of long-term human adaptation. New frameworks modeling these adaptive processes and reconstructing sociocultural complexity involve the use of both historical and ethnographic data.''The objectives of this research were to: 1. evaluate the circadian activity patterns of lowland tapirs (Tapirus terrestris) throughout the seasons and 2. study the influence of moonlight, temperature and rainfall on the activity patterns and habitat selection of this species, in the coastal sand shrub in southern Brazil. From June 2005 to June 2006, eight tapirs were monitored in a large enclosure containing open and vegetation-covered areas, using four camera traps. Differences in activity patterns within seasons were found. Tapir predominately presented nocturnal-crepuscular activity; however, they differed in the winter, with cathemeral activity patterns. Covered areas were mostly used during periods of extreme temperatures, with less diurnal and more nocturnal activities within these areas, on hotter days. Activity in open areas mainly occurred during periods of intermediate temperatures, both during the day and in the night. Moonlight intensity did not influence nocturnal activities. On days of precipitation of 34 mm or more, there was no record of open-area activities, despite constant activity in covered-area.''The Amazon Region is the domaine of tropical rainforest. The urgent need for ecosystem research in natural forests has been identified as a tool for the study of the biosphere and its components. Such research will provide a more adequate insight into the structure and functioning of the ecosystems and the knowledge gained can be used in planning ecologically sound development and in its execution (Schubert, 1977). Emphasis was given to the terra firma forest, specifically to terra firma forests in southern Venezuela where ecosystem research has been carried out.Soil scientists, ecologists, agronomists and foresters are aware that large tracts of the Amazon Region are poor in nutrients and possess soils of low natural fertility. Soils of better quality also exist. While the research carried out in southern Venezuela contributes much to the understanding of forest structure and functioning in nutrient-poor sites (Golley, 1981) and may, in addition, be extrapolated to similar sites else-where in the region, there is an absolute lack of knowledge concerning forest ecosystems on soils of better nutrient status. The latter should receive high priority for investigation.''Industrial utilization of the vast wild vegetable resources of Latin America involves much more than the solution of technological problems. More difficult, at times, are the problems of labor, politics, transportation, native apathy and climate.''Deforestation and degradation are important aspects of landscape dynamics and have global significance. Quantification of landscape pattern using landscape metrics help in characterisation of landscapes and thus overall health of the forest cover. Himalayan foothills are one of the most important and fragile landscapes. Developmental activities and depdendence on the forest resources have altered the spatial pattern of these natural landscapes to a great extent. These changes in the landscape were analysed using satellite data from 1990, 2001 and 2006. The vegetation type maps of Dehradun forest division were prepared by supervised classification technique in order to study the landscape dynamics. Patch density, edge density, shape index, cohesion index, interspersion and juxtaposition index, normalised entropy, and relative richness are some important landscape metrics used in the study for quantifying the characteristics of landscape. The landscape metrics analysis and transformation analysis show that the forested areas are getting degraded and physical connectedness between the patches have also decreased making them isolated. The study demonstrates the importance of geospatial tools for monitoring the impact of disturbances on the forest ecosystem health, which can further help in landscape management.''When a natural group of plants has over many years been comprehensively and intensively studied, a large body of data, analysis and evaluation has accumulated. It is in the nature of such work on the taxonomy of such a group that this information is to be found scattered in various publications, such as research papers, checklists, monographs, Floras and other compilations. As time and research progress, some of this information will become outdated and superseded by new publications, but other information remains current and valuable. To give a review of this can provide us not only with a guide to this resource, but also with an introduction to the group in question. It may stimulate new research, as inevitably we will find that all has not been said and done, even about a group so well studied as the conifers. I hope that this paper will meet these aims.''Although the effects of microenvironmental factors on distribution patterns in myxomycetes have been investigated, studies of the responses of this group of organisms to different regimes of forest disturbance are relatively few in number. In an effort to understand the implications of forest fragmentation and habitat loss on myxomycetes, the project described herein was carried out at the Los Amigos Biological Station in southeastern Peru. The structure and composition of assemblages of myxomycetes were investigated in relation to three different forest types and climatic periods in the area of study. An analysis of the most commonly recorded substrates was carried out as well. The results suggested that habitat loss, through differences in forest structure, was the factor determining most of the differences in fruiting body abundance of myxomycetes among forest types. In addition, a switch in the ecological strategy of dispersal seemed to be an important factor accounting for differences in the fruiting body abundance and structure of assemblages of myxomycetes between collecting periods. This study provides evidence indicating that for microbial assemblages to maintain the balance of functional interactions within a particular forest ecosystem, the conservation of the forests themselves should be considered.''The biodiversity hotspot of the Equatorial Pacific region in western Ecuador and northwestern Peru comprises the most extensive seasonally dry forest formations west of the Andes. Based on a recently assembled checklist of the woody plants occurring in this region, we analysed their geographical and altitudinal distribution patterns. The montane seasonally dry forest region (at an altitude between 1,000 and and the smallest in terms of area) was outstanding in terms of total species richness and number of endemics. The extensive seasonally dry forest formations in the Ecuadorean and Peruvian lowlands and hills (i.e., forests below altitude) were comparatively much more species poor. It is remarkable though, that there were so many fewer collections in the Peruvian departments and Ecuadorean provinces with substantial mountainous areas, such as Cajamarca and Loja, respectively, indicating that these places have a potentially higher number of species. We estimate that some form of protected area (at country, state or private level) is currently conserving only 5% of the approximately of remaining SDF in the region, and many of these areas protect vegetation at altitudes below altitude. In contrast, the more diverse seasonally dry forests in mountainous areas remain little protected.''The UN Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) Target 2.5 explicitly calls for the maintenance of genetic diversity of seeds through soundly managed and diversified seed and plant banks at national, regional, and international levels as an essential undertaking to end global hunger (SDG Goal 2). This special issue results from a renewed call to demonstrate the value-in-use of conserving and supplying plant genetic resources conserved in genebanks to researchers, plant breeders, and farmers. We present these studies as a collective contribution to a relatively small body of literature that highlights not only the importance of crop plant diversity managed by genebanks but also the diversity of genebank functions and uses. In this overview, we begin by restating foundation concepts that economists have applied to study the value of crop genetic resources conserved as genebank accessions. We then provide a synthesis of previous research on genebank values from the late 1990s until the present. We summarize the main messages of the studies included in this special issue of Food Security and explain how they contribute to a better understanding of the role, function, and value of genebanks, particularly as we address food security challenges in a changing agricultural context. Finally, we draw implications for further applied research and policy.''Phylogenetic relationships among South American sigmodontine rodents were examined based on the complete sequence for the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene [1140 base pairs (bp)] for 66 species and between 759 and 1140 bp for an additional 19 species. Thirty-eight South American genera were represented, coming from eight of nine tribes. Outgroups included the North American murid rodents Peromyscus, Reithrodontomys, Scotinomys, and Neotoma, the Old World murine rodents Mus and Rattus, and the geomyoid genera Thomomys, Geomys, Dipodomys, and Perognathus as the most distant outgroup. The South American sigmodontines were supported as a monophyletic lineage. Within this radiation several clear-cut suprageneric groupings were identified. Many of the currently recognized tribal groupings of genera were found fairly consistently, although not always with high levels of bootstrap support. The various tribes could not be linked hierarchically with any confidence. In addition, several genera stand out as unique entities, without any apparent close relatives. The overall pattern suggests a rapid radiation of the sigmodontines in South America, followed by differentiation at the tribal and generic levels.'"Little is known on the biogeography of Rotifera, particularly regarding the littoral taxa. Here, the biogeography of the most specious group of littoral Rotifera, Lecane, is discussed based on a recent revision of the group, and considering only verified records.Only 41.3% of all 167 Lecane morphospecies are widely distributed. Of these, 21 (12.6%) are cosmopolitan (sensu strictu), 26 (15.6%) are Tropicopolitan. There are 6 (3.6%) Arctic-temperate and Pantropical taxa. These categories of widely distributed taxa are not clear-cut, as differences in latitudinal distribution are largely gradual. Ten taxa have odd distributions. Most of these are insufficiently known and some may be recent introductions.All the major zoogeographical regions have their share of endemic taxa, with endemicity rates varying from 6.5% to 21.8%. Thirteen Holarctic, one widespread Eastern hemisphere, eleven Palaearctic, six Palaeotropical, one Australasian and five widespread Western hemisphere taxa have circumscribed ranges encompassing more than one region. The Palaeotropical and Holarctic components are particularly noteworthy, and may result from relatively recent faunal exchange between the Palaearctic and Nearctic, and between the African, Oriental and Australian regions. The different orientation of the major mountain chains of the Eastern and Western hemisphere, and the presence of extensive arid regions in Northern Africa, Arabia and Asia may explain the difference in faunal similarity between the tropical and temperate faunas of the Eastern and Western hemispheres. Ornithochoric dispersal and human introductions may have played a role in the exchange of faunas.The analysis of pairs or groups of closely related taxa only rarely reveals a causal relation between tectonical events and phylogeny. Most vicariant distributions are readily explained by climatological rather than by tectonical considerations. The ranges of some closely related taxa indicate that they have different capacities of dispersal.When compared to pelagic Rotifera, littoral Lecane exhibit a relatively wide variety of distribution patterns, and relatively many have restricted distributions. This may be a consequence of, either or both, their lower abundance, or be related to the littoral habitat which, being less predictable, implies more specific adaptations. Lecane is tropic-centred, which may be a consequence of avoidance of competition and/or predation by and, eventually, Ostracoda.The most striking feature in rotifer chorology is the large range of many morphospecies. As such, the group's biogeography is more similar to that of freshwater algae than to that of other freshwater zooplankton. The likely explanations for this are the group's great ability for passive dispersal, combined with a short life-cycle and high fecundity, which are consequences of their parthenogenetic reproduction. So, relatively recent long-distance dispersal defines the ranges of the morphospecies. Vicariance plays a role in the distribution of Rotifera, but its importance is generally subordinate to that of dispersal. However, insufficient taxonomic resolution may be responsible for the apparently large ranges of some morphospecies."'Studies of geographic distribution and physiological adaptations in theBromeliaceae of coastal Chile and Peru provide insights into the ecological patterns of habit selection and speciation. The hyperarid coastal Atacama and Peruvian Deserts along the Pacific coast of South America contain a surprisingly rich flora of bromeliad species. These include representatives of all threeBromeliaceae subfamilies: two terrestrialBromelioideae and two terrestialPitcairnioideae, all with rooted growth morphologies, and 14 species ofTillandsioideae (allTillandsia) with epiphytic and unrooted, terrestraial representatives. TheBromelioideae are represented by two species one each in Peru and Chile. ThePitcairnioideae are represented by two genera,Deuterocohnia andPitcairnia, with one species each. The 14Tillandsia species are distributed in five subgenera which have successfully invaded the coastal deserts, and include both widespread and local endemics with xeromorphic adaptations. All theTillandsia species are epiphytic in the broad sense, but in addition to growing on plants, they are found growing on rocks (i.e. saxicolous or epilithic). Six species (T. purpurea, T. latifolia, T. capillaris, T. marconae, T. werdermanii, andT. landbeckii) have evolved a highly specialized substrate ecology where they grow essentially unrooted on sand (i.e. epiarenic). Nowhere in the world are bromeliads more dominant or have more biomass than in these coastal species growing on sand. Many of these species grow at the absolute limits of vascular plant tolerance, with the entire community consisting of a singleTillandsia species. Rooted, terrestrial bromeliads in the coastal lomas formations (allPitcairnioideae) include CAM, C3, and C3-CAM flexible taxa in their metabolic systems, the CAM species growing in the most arid sites along the coast and C3 species growing in the most mesic habitats within the center of the coastal fog belt where fog moisture input is highest. All of the epiphyticTillandsia species of the coastal desert region utilize CAM metabolism entirely or in part. At least two species,T. latifolia andT. tragophoba, utilize a flexible C3-CAM mode of carbon fixation. Whereas most of the desert-inhabitingTillandsia species have relatively narrow leaves covered by water absorbing trichomes on their surface,T. multiflora in northern Peru andT. tragophoba in northern Chile are tank-forming species where the bases of the leaves form a water-containing reservoir. The occurrence of the latter as a local endemic in hyperarid northern Chile is remarkable since it occurs thousands of kilometers south of its closest potential relatives in the central Andes.''It is generally accepted that two major gene pools exist in cultivatedcommon bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.), a MiddleAmerican and an Andean one. Some evidence, based on unique phaseolin morphotypesand AFLP analysis, suggests that at least one more gene pool exists incultivated common bean. To investigate this hypothesis, 1072 accessions from acommon bean core collection from the primary centres of origin, held at CIAT,were investigated. Various agronomic and morphological attributes (14categorical and 11 quantitative) were measured. Multivariate analyses,consisting of homogeneity analysis and clustering for categorical data,clustering and ordination techniques for quantitative data and nonlinearprincipal component analysis for mixed data, were undertaken. The results ofmost analyses supported the existence of the two major gene pools. However, theanalysis of categorical data of protein types showed an additional minor genepool. The minor gene pool is designated North Andean and includes phaseolintypes CH, S and T; lectin types 312, Pr, B and K; and mostly A5, A6 and A4 inhibitor. Analysis of the combined categorical data ofprotein types and some plant categorical data also suggested that some othergermplasm with C type phaseolin are distinguished from the major gene pools.'ecosystems in the tropical Andes are under increasing pressure from human modification of the landscape (deforestation and dams) and climatic change (increase of extreme events and on average temperatures are projected for AD 2100). However, the resilience of these ecosystems to perturbations is poorly understood. Here we use a multi-proxy palaeoecological approach to assess the response of aquatic ecosystems to a major mechanism for natural disturbance, volcanic ash deposition. Specifically, we present data from two Neotropical lakes located on the eastern Andean flank of Ecuador. Laguna Pindo is a tectonically formed closed basin surrounded by a dense mid-elevation forest, whereas Laguna is a glacially formed lake with an inflow and outflow in high Andean grasslands. In each lake we examined the dynamics of chironomids and other aquatic and semi-aquatic organisms to explore the effect of thick volcanic deposits on the aquatic communities in these two systems with different catchment features. In both lakes past volcanic ash deposition was evident from four large tephras dated to BP (Pindo), and 4600, 3600 and BP Examination of the chironomid and aquatic assemblages before and after the ash depositions revealed no shift in composition at Pindo, but a major change at occurred after the last event around BP. Chironomids at changed from an assemblage dominated by Pseudochironomus and Polypedilum nubifer-type to Cricotopus/Paratrichocladius type-II, and such a dominance lasted for approximately We suggest that, despite potential changes in the water chemistry, the major effect on the chironomid community resulted from the thickness of the tephra being deposited, which acted to shallow the water body beyond a depth threshold. Changes in the aquatic flora and fauna at the base of the trophic chain can promote cascade effects that may deteriorate the ecosystem, especially when already influenced by human activities, such as deforestation and dams, which is frequent in the high Andes.''Two new species of Bromelioideae (Bromeliaceae) from the Colombian Amazon are described: Aechmea cardenasii and A. andaquiensis. Aechmea cardenasii is significantly different from other species of Bromelioideae, although it roughly resembles A. rubiginosa because of its simple, strobilate inflorescence. Aechmea andaquiensis belongs to a taxonomic complex that includes A. abbreviata, A. angustifolia, and A. roeseliae, but it is unique among these species due to its oblong-spathulate leaf blades and short inflorescences with densely floccose-ferruginous floral bracts. Additionally, an unexpected record of the genus Ronnbergia in the eastern Andean slopes of is reported. Finally, a short discussion is provided about the problematic usage of binomials of Streptocalyx instead of Aechmea for taxonomic catalogues. This discussion is based on the necessity to add A. confusa to the Catalogue of Colombian Plants.''Ants were extracted in Winkler bags from sifted leaf litter sampled in arange of forest and woodland types in and around Mkomazi Game Reserve innorth-eastern Tanzania, including the Eastern Arc Mountains of South Pare andWest Usambara. A total of 87 ant species were recorded, of which 32.2% were onlyrecorded from montane forests m altitude), 6.9%only from lowland forest m), 19.5% only fromwoodland m), and 16.1% in all three forest types.Of the 28 species recorded only from montane forests, 12 species were only foundin the Mkomazi forests, four only in the Pares and seven species only in theUsambaras. Sites of similar altitude grouped together in a cluster analysis, andspecies richness decreased with an increase in altitude. The lowland forest andclosed woodland sites did not form distinct communities. To ensure preservationof ant species, forests from a full range of altitudes need to be conserved.This study confirms the status of the West Usambara forests as having a highlyendemic biota, and the critical need to adequately conserve the remainingvestiges of montane forest within Mkomazi Game Reserve.''The spatio-temporal variations of the water budget components in the Amazon region are investigated by using a combination of hydrometeorological observations and moisture fluxes derived from the NCEP/NCAR reanalyses, for the period The key new finding of this study identifies the major differences in the water balance characteristics and variability between the northern and southern parts of the basin. Our results show that there is a seasonality and interannual variability of the water balance that varies across the basin. At interannual time scales, anomalies in the water balance components in the northern Amazon region show relatively stronger links with tropical Pacific interannual variability. Over the entire region, precipitation exceeds evaporation and the basin acts as a sink of moisture (P>E). However, on some occasions the basin can act as a source for moisture (P<E) under extreme conditions, such as those related to deficient rainfall in northern Amazonia during the strong El of 1983. Our estimates of the Amazon water balance do not show a closure of the budget, with an average imbalance of almost 50%, suggesting that some of the moisture that converges in the Amazon region is not accounted for. The imbalance is larger over the southern Amazon region than over the northern region, and it also exhibits interannual variability. Large uncertainties are detected in the evaporation and moisture-convergence fields derived from the reanalyses, and in the case of evaporation it can be as large as when compared with the few field observations across the basin. Observed precipitation fields derived from station data and from grid-box products also show some discrepancies due to sampling problems and interpolation techniques. The streamflow observed at the mouth of the river is obtained after corrections on the series observed taken at a gauging site almost inland. However, variability in the evaporation, moisture convergence, and observed rainfall and runoff matches quite well.''A new coupled climate system model (CSM) has been developed at the Chinese Academy of Meteorological Sciences (CAMS) by employing several state-of-the-art component models. The coupled CAMS-CSM consists of the modified atmospheric model [ECmwf-HAMburg (ECHAM5)], ocean model [Modular Ocean Model (MOM4)], sea ice model [Sea Ice Simulator (SIS)], and land surface model [Common Land Model (CoLM)]. A detailed model description is presented and both the pre-industrial and simulations are preliminarily evaluated in this study. The model can reproduce the climatological mean states and seasonal cycles of the major climate system quantities, including the sea surface temperature, precipitation, sea ice extent, and the equatorial thermocline. The major climate variability modes are also reasonably captured by the CAMS-CSM, such as the Oscillation (MJO), El Oscillation (ENSO), East Asian Summer Monsoon (EASM), and Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO). The model shows a promising ability to simulate the EASM variability and the relationship. Some biases still exist, such as the false double-intertropical convergence zone (ITCZ) in the annual mean precipitation field, the overestimated ENSO amplitude, and the weakened Bjerknes feedback associated with ENSO; and thus the CAMS-CSM needs further improvements.'DNA (cpDNA) diversity has been examined using PCR-RFLP and RFLP strategies for phylogenetic studies in the genus Phaseolus. Twenty-two species, including 4 of the 5 cultivated species (P. lunatus L., the Lima bean; P. vulgaris L., the common bean; P. coccineus L., the runner bean and P. polyanthus Greenman, the year-bean), represented by 86 accessions were included in the study. Six PCR primers designed from cpDNA and a total cpDNA probe were used for generating markers. Phylogenetic reconstruction using both Wagner parsimony and the neighbor-joining method was applied to the restriction fragment data obtained from each of the molecular approaches. P. vulgaris L. was shown to separate with several species of largely Mesoamerican distribution, including P. coccineus L. and P. polyanthus Greenman, whereas P. lunatus L. forms a complex with 3 Andean species (P. pachyrrhizoides Harms, P. augusti Harms and P. bolivianus Piper) co-evolving with a set of companion species with a Mesoamerican distribution. Andean forms of the Lima bean are found to be more closely related to the 3 Andean wild species than its Mesoamerican forms. An Andean origin of the Lima bean and a double derivative process during the evolution of P. lunatus are suggested. The 3 Andean species are proposed to constitute the secondary gene pool of P. lunatus, while its companion allies of Mesoamerican distribution can be considered as members of its tertiary gene pool. On the basis of these data, an overview on the evolution of the genus Phaseolus is also discussed.'Abstract not available'The Orinoco River, which is hydrologically unregulated and has a minimally disturbed watershed, was sampled quantitatively over a four-year interval. In conjunction with the sampling, a method was developed for quantifying statistical uncertainty in the estimates of annual transport. The discharge-weighted mean concentration of total suspended solids in the Orinoco River is 80 mg/l, which corresponds to total annual transport of 90 106 t/y, or, expressed per unit of watershed area, 960 kg/ha/y, of which 96% is inorganic. The mean for dissolved solids is 34 mg/l, of which 25 mg/l is inorganic. The total transport of inorganic material, with a small allowance for bedload, is 128 106 t/y, which corresponds to an erosion rate of 4 cm/1000 y. Concentrations of dissolved and suspended constituents derived from rock weathering are very low because of dilution from high runoff (1190 mm/y), coverage of the southern part of the drainage by shield rock, and minimal watershed disturbance. Seasonal patterns in dissolved and suspended constituents are repeated with a high degree of consistency from one year to the next.For most variables, relationships between transport and discharge are described adequately by a power function. There are three categories of response to changing discharge: purging (exponent > 1: soluble organic fractions and all particulate fractions), dilution (exponent major ionic solids and silicon), and conservation (exponent < 0: nitrate, interannual). Variability across seasons and across years is highest for the particulate constituents, but within this group variability is lower for the organic than for the inorganic components. Major ions that originate primarily from the atmosphere have a higher seasonal variability than major ions that originate primarily from weathering. Potassium and soluble silicon have the lowest variabilities. Variability is much lower across years than across seasons for most constituents.Because of high runoff per unit area, the Orinoco drainage has a high specific transport of organic carbon (72 kg/ha/y, 6.8 106 t/y, 1.6% of global river transport), even though the concentrations of organic carbon in the river are not exceptionally high (mean, 4.4 mg/l dissolved, 1.4 mg/l particulate). Concentrations of ammonium (35 as N) and of nitrate (80 as N) are high given the undisturbed nature of the watershed and the high amount of runoff. The high transport rate for total nitrogen (5.7 kg/ha/y, 0.54 106 t/y, l.5% of global river transport) can be sustained only by high rates of nitrogen fixation within the watershed. Concentrations of soluble phosphorus are within the range expected for undisturbed river systems (20 but concentrations of particulate phosphorus are low because the amounts of particulate matter are small and the phosphorus per unit weight of suspended matter is low. Phosphorus transport (0.75 kg/ha/y) can be accounted for easily by weathering of the parent material, even within the Guayana Shield, where weathering rates are lowest. Biological modification of nutrient and carbon fractions during transit along the main stem are minimal.''By comparing results from studies on the response of bird communities to selective logging and fragmentation of tropical moist forest and assessing whether different local faunas are differently affected, this paper examines whether communities in areas of unstable ecoclimatic histories may be more robust to change than those which evolved in places which were paleoecologically stable. Studies on selective logging in Asia and forest fragmentation in Latin America do not confidently demonstrate differences in the resilience of bird communities between stable and unstable areas. However, studies of selective logging and forest fragmentation in Africa give much stronger evidence for differences in fragility of local avifaunas, which correspond to what would be predicted from the paleoecological stability. Unfortunately, the currently available studies do not provide a basis for rigorous testing of the hypothesis. Comparison is constrained by lack of suitable controls, incomparable census methods, inadequate description of the disturbance regimes, and differences in the intensity of disturbance. It is suggested that well coordinated studies in many different areas, with good and standardized documentation of many habitat variables, may have considerable importance.''The current worldwide concern about tropical deforestation raises questions about the sustainability of avian populations in isolated forest fragments. One of the most important issues concerns the sizes of forest fragments necessary to maintain populations and the genetic variation within them. We address this by: (1) using mtDNA sequence variation to infer aspects of the population structure of four species of understory birds from four sites in southern Costa Rican rainforest; and (2) determining whether forest fragmentation that has occurred in the last has had an effect on the amount of within-population variation for the species in question. High levels of between-population differentiation were found over a relatively small geographic scale for white-breasted wood-wren (Henicorhina leucosticta), bicolored antbird (Gymnopithys leucaspis), and gray-headed tanager (Eucometis penicillata), suggesting that these species are highly sedentary and exhibit strong female philopatry. No mtDNA variation was found in Plain Antvireo (Dysithamnus mentalis). In all three of the polymorphic species there was a significant decrease in mtDNA nucleotide diversity in populations isolated by forest fragmentation as compared to populations in contiguous primary forest. Even in relatively large forest reserves, sedentary avian species have lost roughly half (range of the nucleotide diversity in mtDNA over a relatively short period of time. Our results indicate that sedentary avian species in forest fragments isolated by clearing have undergone severe reductions in effective population size due to population bottlenecks perpetuated by prolonged isolation and potential edge effects.''We studied the diversity of dung beetles in three different habitats in the Lacandona Forest, Chiapas, Mexico. We found a total of 49 species. Of these, 44 were in well-preserved forests (SC) within the limits of the Montes Azules Biosphere Reserve, 42 in fragmented forests (SF), and 13 in cattle pastures (PZ). These two latter habitats were part of a fragmented landscape. Even though the species richness between the two forest habitats is similar, there is a change in guild composition and structure. About 12% of the species were exclusively found in SC, while 4.1% and 2% were exclusive of SF and PZ respectively. diversity was the most important element for overall diversity above that of the local richness Within well-preserved forests, species composition changes substantially, even among neighboring sites. Species diversity within the landscape seems to depend on canopy coverage, soil temperature and geographic distance between sites. Functional groups vary with the habitat. Large-bodied, nocturnal species with specific requirements of soil temperature and compaction are more sensitive to anthropogenic changes. In cattle pastures there is a larger number of heliophilic species, with a higher percentage of small-bodied and roller beetles.''This paper seeks to focus on the way in which land transformation related to the grabbing process are directly involved in livelihoods and life projects. We use the term territorial grabbing instead of green grabbing (or just land grabbing), because even though the case that we illustrate in our work can be describe as a green grab, we make a call for the necessity of a comprehensive analysis of the socio-spatial implications that polices such as the governmental environmental conservation agenda can implicate for individuals and communities in terms of impacts, influences, and [re]significations of their territories and territorialities. Therefore, our objective is to go beyond the discussion on the appropriation of land and resources for environmental purposes (and therefore the discussion of land dynamics in relation to globalization, foreign investment, markets liberalization, violence, and control) to bring also into the debate the diverse socio-spatial implications and meanings that create a geographical imagination capable of having profound influences on the way in which people and groups understand their place in the world.''Centuries of co-evolution between Castanea spp. biodiversity and human populations has resulted in the spread of rich and varied chestnut genetic diversity throughout most of the world, especially in mountainous and forested regions. Its plasticity and adaptability to different pedoclimates and the wide genetic variability of the species determined the spread of many different ecotypes and varieties in the wild. Throughout the centuries, man has used, selected and preserved these different genotypes, vegetatively propagating them by grafting, for many applications: fresh consumption, production of flour, animal nutrition, timber production, thereby actively contributing to the maintenance of the natural biodiversity of the species, and providing an excellent example of conservation horticulture. Nonetheless, currently the genetic variability of the species is critically endangered and hundreds of ecotypes and varieties are at risk of being lost due to a number of phytosanitary problems (canker blight, Chryphonectria parasitica; ink disease, Phytophthora spp.; gall wasp, Dryocosmus kuriphilus), and because of the many years of decline and abandonment of chestnut cultivation, which resulted in the loss of the binomial male chestnut. Recently, several research and experimentation programmes have attempted to develop strategies for the conservation of chestnut biodiversity. The purpose of this paper is to give an overview of the status of biodiversity conservation of the species and to present the results of a project aimed at the individuation and study of genetic diversity and conservation of Castanea spp. germplasm.''The marine otter Lontra felina is an endangered and little known species living in a fragmented habitat: the coast of Peru and Chile. The smallest marine presence is unclear in Argentina and southern Tierra del Fuego and the current limits of the distribution are still under discussion. Recent population genetic studies suggest certain levels of gene flow despite a disjunct population. In the 20th century intensive hunting was the major threat to L. felina. This top predator still faces an uncertain future due to the impactof human activities (urbanization, pollution, and intensive fisheries). There is a need of further studies deepening the knowledge on population genetics, population numbers and migration behavior. Environmental education work, law enforcement and monitoring of protected areas are suggested to secure the survival of the species.''Rainfall, runoff (surface runoff and interflow) and soil loss were recorded from 2002 to 2005 in an experiment with four treatments on sloping red soil land in southern China. Treatments consisted of bare sloping ground (control check, CK), interplanting with soybean in spring or radish in autumn (I), level terrace (i.e., grass planted on the riser and bunds built at the edge of a bench terrace) (II), and level terraces of orchards with Bahia grass planted on the riser (III). The surface runoff and erosion in treatment II and III during the four years were low despite the occurrence of potentially erosive rains. By contrast, the CK plot had both the highest surface runoff coefficient and the highest sediment yield among all the plots. The surface runoff and soil erosion of the CK plot significantly differed from that of the treatment plots (p < 0.05). Additionally, Significant differences between the interflow of the CK plot and that of the treatment plots was found from April to August (p < 0.05). However, no significant differences between the CK and treatment plots were found from January to March and September to December. The order of the plots in terms of surface runoff coefficients and soil losses was: CK > I > III > II, whereas their order in terms of interflow was II > III > I > CK. The effects of treatment II were excellent, indicating that level terrace (i.e., grass planted on the riser and bunds built at the edge of a bench terrace) can be an excellent practice for soil and water conservation on sloping red soil land. Soil loss in southern China can be reduced through the widespread use of this approach.'"Johnstone's Whistling Frog, Eleutherodactylus johnstonei, is a highly successful colonizer that has become widely distributed throughout the Caribbean region. It has been introduced both purposefully and unintentionally by humans, and it continues to expand its range locally and regionally. Its current distribution and recent expansion do not support the hypothesis that E. johnstonei is expanding into new habitats exclusively by outcompeting native species. Instead, its range expansion progresses mainly parallel to human expansion (habitat disturbance through land development) and extreme climatic events (habitat disturbance through hurricanes and volcanism). Once a habitat has been disturbed and E. johnstonei has arrived, any previously existing endemic Eleutherodactylus species tend not to be found again at their previous ranges or population densities. The most probable explanation for this is that the broader physiological tolerance of the ecological generalist E. johnstonei allows it to become permanently established in a disturbed biota, whereas ecologically specialized endemics are prevented from recolonizing such habitats. Invasion of E. johnstonei can result in a parapatric distribution with endemics (e.g. E. euphronides, E. shrevei) or in sympatry (e.g. E. martinicensis), and habitats include areas with widely divergent climatic conditions (e.g. xeric: Anguilla, Barbuda; mesic: Grenada, St Vincent). Management for this species includes prevention of further or repeat introductions, close monitoring of ranges, and preservation of native habitats to ensure survival of local endemics."'We examined the effects of climate change on the future conservation and distribution patterns of the cloud forests in eastern Mexico, by using as a species model to Fagus grandifolia Ehr. var. mexicana Little which is mainly located in this vegetation type, at the Sierra Madre Oriental. This species was selected because it is restricted to the cloud forest, where it is a dominant element and has not been considered for protection in any national or international law. It is probably threatened due to the fact that it plays an important social role as a source of food and furnishing. We used a floristic database and a bioclimatic modeling approach including 19 climatic parameters, in order to obtain the current potential distribution pattern of the species. Currently, its potential distribution pattern shows that it is distributed in six different Mexican Priority Regions for Conservation. In addition, we also selected a future climate scenario, on the basis of some climate changes predictions already proposed. The scenario proposed is characterized by +2 and rainfall in the region. Under this predicted climatic condition, we found a drastic distribution contraction of the species, in which most of the remaining populations will inhabit restricted areas located outside the boundaries of the surrounding reserves. Consequently, our results highlight the importance of considering the effects of possible future climate changes on the selection of conservation areas and the urgency to conserve some remaining patches of existing cloud forests. Accordingly, we believe that our bioclimatic modeling approach represents a useful tool to undertake decisions concerning the definition of protected areas, once the current potential distribution pattern of some selected species is known.''In the world scenario of declining grassland bird populations, South American species are a particular concern. The Saffron-Cowled Blackbird Xanthopsar flavus is endemic to grasslands in Central and southern South America and its status is vulnerable. Natural history studies stress a number of factors responsible for the decline in its populations. In this paper, we present results from a grassland fire experiment aimed at evaluating the effect of grassland fires on foraging (grasses) and breeding (marshes) habitat use by the Saffron-Cowled Blackbird in a region where fire has been used for centuries as a tool for cattle management. We compare burned grasslands with a control treatment and grasslands within a conservation unit, evaluating uses before and after burning as well as relating bird abundance with environmental characteristics. We found that the Saffron-Cowled Blackbird used the burned treatments more frequently and avoided habitats with tall grasses and developed vegetation. Thus, this species is absent from the conservation unit, which has not experienced fires in nearly three decades. The Saffron-Cowled Blackbird depends on the existence of marshes (breeding habitat) surrounded by short grasses (foraging habitat). In the study region, short grasses are a result of burning practices. As the burning period coincides with the breeding season, the lack of criteria on the part of landowners regarding how to apply and control fire poses a permanent threat to these populations.''We studied the variation in the electrophoretic mobility of phaseolins of 202 individual seeds from thirty-eight wild populations of Lima beans (Phaseolus lunatus) in the Central Valley of Costa Rica. We found four main polypeptides or banding regions with molecular weights which ranged from 21.5 to 31 kDaltons. Two of these peptides were polymorphic, and their combination resulted in four distinct genotypes. The frequency of the different genotypes varies among populations, but two of them, namely B11C11, B22C22, were found in most of the populations studied (37 out of 38 populations examined). Overall, there was a lack of heterozygotes among the individuals examined, which strongly suggests that there is gametic disequilibrium for the encoding regions involved in the synthesis of these polypeptides. When we arranged the populations into eight groups according to their proximity and phenology, we found that the distribution of the peptides was also variable among them. The possible association between the distribution of the patterns of electrophoretic mobility observed and climatic factors, such as mean annual rainfall, mean annual temperature and mean annual relative humidity is discussed.''Park managers in alpine areas must deal with the increase in forest coverage that has been observed in most European mountain areas, where traditional farming and agricultural practices have been abandoned. The aim of this study is to develop a fine-scale model of a broad area to support the managers of Paneveggio Nature Park (Italy) in conservation planning by focusing on the fate of priority areas for conservation in the next GIS analyses were performed to assess the afforestation dynamic over time using two historical maps (from 1859 and 1936) and a series of aerial photographs and ortho-photos (taken from 1954 to 2006) covering a time span of The results show an increase in the forest surface area of about 35%. Additionally, the forest became progressively more compact and less fragmented, with a consequent loss of ecotones and open habitats that are important for biodiversity. Markov chain-cellular automata models were used to project future changes, evaluating the effects on a habitat scale. Simulations show that some habitats defined as priority by the EU Habitat Directive will be compromised by the forest expansion by 2050 and suffer a consistent loss by 2100. This protocol, applied to other areas, can be used for designing long-term management measures with a focus on habitats where conservation status is at risk.''Conservation agriculture has successfully spread in a number of developing country contexts, resulting in both positive production and environmental impacts. However, there are ongoing questions about the appropriateness of conservation agriculture for small-scale farming as poor farmers tend to be risk averse, typically lack access to credit, and may have planning horizons associated with heavily discounted future benefits. This study investigates farmer attitudes toward how a hypothetical set of conservation agriculture production practices will affect yield, labor use, erosion, and cost in two communities of Bolivar province, Ecuador, through the implementation of a discrete choice experiment. Results show producers are most concerned with future yields, planting labor, and overall costs. While off-farm erosion impacts are of concern, producers only placed small values on these impacts. Results provide support for conservation agriculture outreach to highlight practices that increase long-run production and reduce the time and technical skills associated with planting.''Very little research has been conducted in the Himalayan and Karakorum Highlands of northern Pakistan on the aspects of biodiversity and conservation. The present research was carried out within the scope of the Research Project, Area which aims to highlight the and Prospects of High-Mountain in northern Pakistan. Naltar Valley, IUCN Management Category no. 4, located in the western Karakorums, is a remote area with difficult access. The current venture is two-fold; first, it describes the floral biodiversity of this remote area in northern Pakistan and second, discusses its exploitation by various entities with certain management implications to follow. Collection of species, their preservation and dialogue with the local, rural communities offered information on the plant biodiversity, providing the first extensive list of flora at the primary-valley level including their altitude range, habit and month of occurrence. In total, 153 plant species belonging to 38 families and 113 genera have been recorded after extensive field research in the area. Dominance has been observed for Asteraceae, Polygonaceae, Saxifragaceae and Rosaceae. Twenty-four plant species from Naltar emerged as ethnobotanically important for local medicinal uses and some commercial uses. Indeed, Thymus serpyllum, Gentiana tianshanica, Stellaria graminea, Geranium wallichianum and Capparris spinosa are the most important medicinal plants and their demand has increased, leading to over-exploitation. Cedrus deodara has completely disappeared from Naltar and Willow Salix sp. has almost been eradicated, except in the sub-alpine belts. The diversity of plant species within this remote area is very important for its obvious contribution to a sound mountain ecosystem. Prior to the present venture, not much was known about the floral aspects of this mountainous region of northern Pakistan. Many species are new additions to the plant list in this area. The species are distributed within the altitude range of m and above, and are further explored for their ethnobotanical uses. It is recorded that some species are extensively used by the indigenous communities, some plant collectors from the lowlands and foreigners as well. Extensive grazing, uprooting of plants and soil-slope erosion intensify the environmental problems. A few species are further used for curing diseases through direct usage or marketing in the lowlands. Unfortunately, due to minor local conflicts, the area has been given low priority for its inclusion in the development and conservation programmes going on in other parts of these mountains. On the other hand, hospitable populations have a greater potential for the success of conservation and the wise usage of programmes. Concerted efforts are required to broaden our understanding of the dynamics of floral values as well as local concepts in this remote part of the world, and to check species decline. For sustainable use, in situ and ex situ conservation, controlled harvesting and aforestation may be the solution. Further extensive field conservation/management research is needed.''Feeding strategies are typical traits reflecting the adaptation of species to environmental conditions. This concept is currently developed in some water quality systems (e.g. Index of Trophic completeness) and the structure of functional feeding groups (FFGs) could form part of a unified measure across communities differing in taxonomic composition. However, in South America, information about the FFG classification of invertebrates in streams is almost absent and existing studies using FFG structure follows classification from North America. But even taxonomically related species may have different diets in tropical and temperate areas and therefore, studies about FFG structure in neotropics could be biased. For this reason, we determined diet composition, trophic level and FFGs, using gut contents analysis and mouthpart observations of 49 macroinvertebrate taxa (mostly at genus level) from neotropical streams. We observed that practically all macroinvertebrates fed upon fine detritus which indicates the importance of this food resource in neotropical streams. As the assignment to a single FFG does not accurately reflect the functional profile of taxa, we transcribed the affinity of taxa to each FFG using fuzzy codes. Finally, we published the coding of diet composition and FFG of the taxa examined, which could be used in future community analyses of lotic ecosystems in the Neotropical zone.''The global ascent of the knowledge economy has opened an unprecedented opportunity to value the evolutionary and ecological fabric as a transnational reservoir of latent scientific knowledge that could define this emerging economy as profoundly as oil has shaped the industrial economy. It has also uniquely positioned the international resort enterprise to bring science into the heart of a business model in which quality and prestige grow along with investments in geographically unrestrained scientific discoveries and which delivers formidable legacy dividends in its defiance of monopoly over the funded research. The article expands on these original assertions, the accomplishments they ignited, and the academic credentials that fortify them, with an emphasis on the business capacity to build novel economic foundations for global conservation and to empower basic science at the most challenging scale above national jurisdictions where it merits designation as common heritage of mankind. It discloses how the resort label as premier real estate wastes many of these worth as crossroads of wonder-packed connections among variously distant ecosystems, geological formations, and other pillars of the architecture. It translates this disclosure into a blueprint, for new-generation resorts, of the power to align a private enterprise system with appreciation of knowledge as a precursor of future knowledge and, in the process, to chart a transformative course for the global knowledge economy. An island portfolio in the Gulf of Panama and the Hawaiian island of Lanai are profiled in their distinctive potentials to emblematize the rewards.'Abstract not available'Publications dealing with the analysis of species richness of island biological communities and habitat islands based on the equilibrium theory of island biogeography by MacArthur and Wilson (1963) are reviewed. Principal statements of the theory, its shortcomings, problems, and test results are considered. Also, possibilities are appraised for using recommendations developed based on the theory in nature conservation.'Abstract not available'The species richness of rust fungi (Pucciniales or Uredinales) in the neotropics is reviewed. Species numbers are presented for all neotropical countries and rust-plant-ratios calculated. It is discussed whether the ratio for a given region can be explained by the species richness of vascular plants alone or whether it is caused by additional factors. In the first case, ratios should apply globally and vary only slightly; in the second case, more diverging ratios are expected. Observed ratios ranged between 1:16 and 1:124 in the neotropics. The large differences are certainly influenced by unequal levels of investigation, rendering interpretation difficult. Differences seem also to be influenced by the taxonomic composition of floras regarding the percentage of host families or genera bearing different numbers of rust species. This indicates that rust species richness is not driven solely by plant species richness. Ratios calculated for Switzerland, Austria and Japan are distinctly higher than for the neotropics indicating that certain temperate regions are proportionally richer in rust fungi than the neotropics. Uredinial states and short-cycled rust species prevail in the neotropics. The preponderance of uredinial states may be due to the heterogeneous spatial composition of certain vegetation types in the wet tropics. Short-cycled rusts may be adapted to a pronounced seasonality that can be encountered in many drier neotropical biomes. Future research needs to fill our knowledge gaps on the taxonomy and ecology of neotropical rust fungi are discussed.''Bactris gasipaes Kunth (peach palm or Pejibaye) is the only domesticated palm of the Neotropics. The genetic relationships between the crop and its wild relatives are still unclear. We undertook field and laboratory work in order to describe differentiation and relationships between the wild and cultivated populations of the species in Western Ecuador, and their possible interactions. A volumetric study was undertaken on the fruits of both populations, as well as a population genetic analysis in order to clarify these relationships. Fruits from cultivated plants collected in the region of sympatry of wild and cultivated plants in North-West Ecuador showed intermediate volumes between those of reference samples for the wild and cultivated plants in allopatry. Using 8 microsatellite loci, we assessed 83 wild and cultivated individuals from Western Ecuador and cultivated plants from Amazonia and Central America as a reference for the cultivated form. We detected high polymorphism in the wild and cultivated samples and low, but significant level of genetic differentiation between wild and cultivated populations. The cultivated population in North-Western Ecuador showed close genetic proximity with the sympatric wild population, consistent with the volumetric study. These results have implications for hypotheses on evolution of this crop and for strategies of genetic conservation of the wild forms.'Abstract not available'Deforestation is recognized as one of the most significant component in LULC and global changes scenario. It is imperative to assess its trend and the rates at which it is occurring. The changes will have long-lasting impact on regional climate and in turn on biodiversity. In North-East India, one of the recognized global biodiversity hotspots, approximately 30% of total forest cover is under pressure of rapid land use changes. This region harbors variety of rare and endemic species of flora and fauna. It also has a strong bearing on regional climatic conditions. Extensive shifting cultivation, compounded by increasing population pressure and demands for agriculture land are the prime drivers in addition to other proximate drivers of deforestation. It is therefore of prime concern to analyse forest cover changes in the region, assess rate of change and extent and to identify the areas, which show repetitive changes. We analyzed forest cover maps from six temporal datasets based on satellite data interpretation, converted to geospatial database since 1972 till 1999. The states of Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura show highest changes in forest cover. Arunachal Pradesh shows least dynamic areas and maintains a good forest cover owing to its topographical inaccessibility in some areas. The present study reports the forest cover changes in the region using geospatial analysis and analyse them to devise proper management strategies.''Bamboo forest is an important forest type in subropical and tropical areas. Due to its biological characteristic and growth habits, bamboo is not only an ideal economic investment that can be utilized in many different manners but also has enormous potential for alleviating many environmental problems facing the world today. This review describes ecological functions of the bamboo forest on soil erosion control, water conservation, land rehabilitation, and carbon sequestration.''Integration of indigenous knowledge and ethnoscientific approaches into contemporary frameworks for conservation and sustainable management of natural resources will become increasingly important in policies on an international and national level, both in countries that are industrialised and those that have a developing status. We set the scene on how this can be done by exploring the key conditions and dimensions of a dialogue between and the roles, which ethnosciences could play in this process. First, the roles of ethnosciences in the context of sustainable development were analysed, placing emphasis on the implications arising when western sciences aspire to relate to indigenous forms Secondly, the contributions of ethnosciences to such an were explored, based on an ethnoecological study of the encounter of sciences and indigenous knowledge in the Andes of Bolivia, and reviewed experiences from mangrove systems in Kenya, India and Sri Lanka, and from case-studies in other ecosystems world-wide, incl. Australia, Burkina Faso, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Indonesia, Nepal, Niger, Philippines, Senegal, South-Africa and Tanzania.''Seventeen tree-ring chronologies from the conifer Araucaria araucana (Molina) K. Koch have been analyzed across its range of distribution in Argentina. We studied the growth patterns and determined the main climatic factors influencing A. araucana radial growth. All the chronologies show a strong common signal observed by the high amount of variance explained by the first principal component (PC1) and the high mean correlation between the chronologies over the interval. On this basis, we developed a regional chronology that is long (A.D. and includes 621 tree-ring series. Based on the PC2 scores, chronologies were clearly separated by elevation in high- and low-elevation records. Regional tree growth is strongly negatively related to temperatures during summer and fall in the previous-growing season and spring in the current-growing season, respectively. A positive association of tree growth with precipitation is recorded during spring in the current growing season. These results suggest a close relationship between A. araucana tree growth and water availability on a regional scale. This observation is also consistent with a positive and significant correlation between our A. araucana regional record and a reconstruction of rainfall for northern Patagonia inferred from the xeric Austrocedrus chilensis during the past Negative correlations between A. araucana regional growth and the sea surface temperature in the 3.4 region reflect the occurrence of above-mean summer temperatures in the region during positive tropical Pacific SST anomalies. The negative relationship with the Antarctic Oscillation (AAO) results from reduced precipitation in our study region during the positive phase of the AAO. The effect of elevation on water availability is consistent with significant correlations between ring-width variations at lower elevations and the Palmer Drought Severity Index during spring and summer in the current growing season. Our study emphasizes the high dendroclimatological potential of A. araucana chronologies for reconstructing past climate variations in northern Patagonia during the past millennium.''Maximum parsimony and Bayesian likelihood analysis of ribosomal DNA internal transcribed spacer (ITS) sequences from 55 samples representing 25 species, subspecies, and/or hybrids of Tropaeolum sect. Chilensia yielded a tree with a large proportion of well-supported nodes at the interspecific and intersubspecific level. However, the tree shows samples from two species, T.azureum and T. brachyceras, arising in two different positions. Samples representing subspecies of T. hookerianum and T. leptophyllum suggest that these species are polyphyletic. The data corroborate evidence for hybridization between T. brachyceras and T. tricolor. Consideration of interfertility data, past and present Chilean ecology, and empirical evidence for the behavior of phenotypic and genotypic characters in known hybrids suggest a high likelihood that reticulate evolution has played a role in the diversification of T. sect. Chilensia. This reticulate evolution may explain the discordance between the ITS tree and the conventional taxonomy. High divergence in ITS sequences between T. sect. Chilensia and other members of Tropaeolum prohibits reliable outgroup-rooting, but midpoint rooting places the root at a partition comprising taxa whose distribution conforms to a relictual eastern-western South American disjunction described for other taxa. Within the Chilean taxa, the analysis suggests that biogeographic diversification has been from the mesophytic southern habitats northward to central mediterranean and northern arid zones.''This study was conducted in the Knuckles Forest Region in central Sri Lanka, and investigated how termite species richness, abundance and functional group diversity vary in different montane forest types and identified the likely causes of this pattern. Termite diversity declined with increased elevation, with upper montane forests recording a single endemic species, Postelectrotermes militaris Desneux. Transect sampling in lower montane forests yielded 26 species, with a higher number from dry forests (22 species) than from wet forests (15 species). Species specificity also was high in dry forests (11 species) compared with wet forests (four species). Termite abundance did not show a distinct trend in dry and wet forests. Live-wood termites were present only in upper montane and high-altitude lower montane dry forests. Wet forests had a higher relative abundance (78%) but not species richness (40%) of soil and soil-wood interface feeders. In dry forests, both species richness (82%) and abundance (88%) of fungus-growing wood feeders were higher. The study suggests that key drivers of the species distribution pattern are low temperature and differing forest floor conditions. In the upper montane forest floor where earthworms dominate, wet soil and damp, woody litter riddled with beetles are not favourable for termites. In lower montane wet forests, moist, thick decomposing leaf litter and in dry forests, drier, relatively undecomposed leaf litter with many dry sticks and branches support species with specific food habits.''The present study used temporal remote sensing data for 1990, 2001 and 2006 to assess spatio-temporal patterns of forest cover changes in Shiwalik range of the Himalaya, Dehradun forest division. Forests are innately associated to human well-being. However, with the increasing anthropogenic activities, deforestation has increased. Quantitative change analysis of the forest cover for the past two decades provides valuable insight into the forest conservation anthropogenic activities in the region. Spatio-temporal datasets along with biotic and abiotic variables provide opportunities to model the forest cover change further. The present study investigates forest cover change and predicts status of forest cover in the Dehradun forest division. Land Change Modeller (LCM) was used to predict status of forest cover for 2010 and 2015 using current disturbance scenarios. Comparing actual LULC of 2006 with the predicted LULC of 2006 validated change prediction model and agreement was 61.03%. The forested areas are getting degraded due to anthropogenic activities, but deforestation/degradation does not contribute much in expanding urban area. Agricultural areas and fallow lands are the main contributors to increased urban area. The study demonstrates the potential of geospatial tools to understand spatio-temporal forest cover change and generate the future scenarios.''Deforestation is recognized as one of the most significant components in LULCC and global changes scenario. It is imperative to assess its trend and the rate at which it is occurring. The changes will have long-lasting impact on regional climate and in turn on biodiversity. Present study was taken up in Kanakapura and surrounding areas located on the fringes of Western Ghats biodiversity hot-spots. Temporal satellite data from Landsat was classified into forest cover maps. Drivers of forest cover changes such as roads and settlements were used in order to create predicted map of the region using GEOMOD tool in Idrisi Andes. The predicted map was then validated using actual land cover map of same year prepared from Landsat data. The validated map was found to be 84.26 % accurate. The validation was also tested using ROC approach which was found to be 0.614. The model was then further extended to predict forest cover losses for year 2015. The results highlight ongoing deforestation in the areas adjoining Western Ghats. It also presents an application of the tool and the validation methods which can be used in predictive modeling related studies.''Colombia is one of the most biodiverse countries on the planet. However, economic and scientific investment in completing inventories of its biodiversity has been relatively poor in comparison with other Neotropical countries. Butterflies are the best studied group of invertebrates, with the highest proportion of known to expected species. More than 3,200 species of butterflies have been recorded in Colombia, although the study of the still many unexplored areas will presumably increase this number. This work provides a list of Ithomiini butterflies collected in the department of Antioquia and estimates the total number of species present, based on revision of entomological collections, records in the literature and field work performed between 2003 and 2011. The list includes 99 species and 32 genera, representing 27% of all Ithomiini species. We report 50 species of Ithomiini not formerly listed from Antioquia, and found the highest diversity of ithomiine species to be at middle elevations The mean value of the Chao2 estimator for number of species in Antioquia is 115 species, which is close to a predicted total of 109 based on known distributions of other Ithomiini not yet recorded from the department. Nine species are potentially of particular conservation importance because of their restricted distributions, and we present range maps for each species. We also highlight areas in Antioquia with a lack of biodiversity knowledge to be targeted in future studies. This paper contributes to mapping the distribution of the Lepidoptera of Antioquia department in particular and of Colombia in general.'Abstract not available'There is now considerable evidence for disruption of plant-pollinator mutualisms in fragmented landscapes. The causes can be myriad, and vary from lack of nesting sites for key insect pollinators, to a decline in pollinator visits when plant population sizes are reduced by fragmentation. One important and well-documented consequence of disruption in pollination systems is reduced seed production in plant populations in fragments as a result of pollen-limitation. When reduced seed production, in turn, has a negative effect on seedling recruitment, populations may enter a spiral towards extinction. Some pollination systems, on the other hand, are surprisingly resilient to anthropogenic changes, and pollen flow between trees in fragments separated by several kilometres has been reported recently. Understanding how reproductive attributes of plants, such as breeding systems and specificity of pollination systems, affect the outcome of habitat fragmentation remains a key challenge.''Xestospongia muta is among the most emblematic sponge species inhabiting coral reefs of the Caribbean Sea. Besides being the largest sponge species growing in the Caribbean, it is also known to produce secondary metabolites. This study aimed to assess the effect of depth and season on the symbiotic bacterial dynamics and major metabolite profiles of specimens of X. muta thriving in a tropical marine biome (Portobelo Bay, which allow us to determine whether variability patterns are similar to those reported for subtropical latitudes. The bacterial assemblages were characterized using Illumina deep-sequencing and metabolomic profiles using UHPLC-DAD-ELSD from five depths (ranging across two seasons (spring and autumn). Diverse symbiotic communities, representing 24 phyla with a predominance of Proteobacteria and Chloroflexi, were found. Although several thousands of OTUs were determined, most of them belong to the rare biosphere and only 23 to a core community. There was a significant difference between the structure of the microbial communities in respect to season (autumn to spring), with a further significant difference between depths only in autumn. This was partially mirrored in the metabolome profile, where the overall metabolite composition did not differ between seasons, but a significant depth gradient was observed in autumn. At the phyla level, Cyanobacteria, Firmicutes, Actinobacteria, and Spirochaete showed a mild-moderate correlation with the metabolome profile. The metabolomic profiles were mainly characterized by known brominated polyunsaturated fatty acids. This work presents findings about the composition and dynamics of the microbial assemblages of X. muta expanding and confirming current knowledge about its remarkable diversity and geographic variability as observed in this tropical marine biome.''While it is well known that the ocean is one of the most important component of the climate system, with a heat capacity 1,100 times greater than the atmosphere, the ocean is also the primary reservoir for freshwater transport to the atmosphere and largest component of the global water cycle. Two new satellite sensors, the ESA Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity (SMOS) and the NASA Aquarius SAC-D missions, are now providing the first space-borne measurements of the sea surface salinity (SSS). In this paper, we present examples demonstrating how SMOS-derived SSS data are being used to better characterize key and interaction processes that occur within the marine hydrological cycle. In particular, SMOS with its ocean mapping capability provides observations across the largest tropical ocean fresh pool regions, and we discuss from intraseasonal to interannual precipitation impacts as well as large-scale river runoff from the and Congo rivers and its offshore advection. Synergistic multi-satellite analyses of these new surface salinity data sets combined with sea surface temperature, dynamical height and currents from altimetry, surface wind, ocean color, rainfall estimates, and in situ observations are shown to yield new freshwater budget insight. Finally, SSS observations from the SMOS and Aquarius/SAC-D sensors are combined to examine the response of the upper ocean to tropical cyclone passage including the potential role that a freshwater-induced upper ocean barrier layer may play in modulating surface cooling and enthalpy flux in tropical cyclone track regions.''Since Holocene time, above-mean precipitations recorded during the El warm ENSO phase have been linked to the occurrence of severe debris flows in the arid Central Andes. The El for its unusual strength, began driving huge and dangerous landslides in the Central Andes in the recent South Hemisphere summer. The resulting damages negatively impacted the regional economy. Despite this, causes of these dangerous events were ambiguously reported. For this reason, a multidisciplinary study was carried out in the Mendoza River valley. Firstly, a geomorphological analysis of affected basins was conducted, estimating morphometric parameters of recorded events such as velocity, stream flow, and volume. Atmospheric conditions during such events were analyzed, considering precipitations, snow cover, temperature range, and the elevation of the zero isotherm. Based on our findings, the role of El on the slope instability in the Central Andes is more complex in the climate change scenario. Even though some events were effectively triggered by intense summer rainstorm following expectations, the most dangerous events were caused by the progressive uplifting of the zero isotherm in smaller basins where headwaters are occupied by debris rock glaciers. Our research findings give light to the dynamic coupled system (ECCL) at least in this particular case study of the Mendoza River valley. Landslide activity in this Andean region is driven by wetter conditions linked to the ENSO warm phase, but also to progressive warming since the twentieth century in the region. This fact emphasizes the future impact of the natural hazards on Andean mountain communities.'is increasing concern about the ongoing reduction in water supplies in the tropical Andes due to climate change effects such as glacier/snow melting resulting from rising air temperatures. In addition, extreme events and population growth are already directly affecting life and water renewability in the country. A countrywide integrated national plan for improving basin-scale water management in Bolivia is needed to assure water availability for agriculture, industry, mining, and human consumption. This study aims to provide a modeling tool to assess past, current, and future water availability and identify basins at risk of water deficits. The Soil Water Assessment Tool was used to simulate the monthly water balance from 1997 to 2008, as well as the water balance projected to 2050 for the entire country. It considers possible changes in air temperatures and precipitation proposed by 17 Global Circulation Models as well as carbon dioxide projections derived from the Special Report Emission Scenario. Overall, model results were close to satisfactory compared to observations, with some exceptions due to lack of information for expanding the timeline and improving calibration. Based on the calculation of three hydrologic indicators, the study identifies basins that would be the most susceptible to water deficits for a baseline from 1997 to 2008, and in the event of the projected climate change, to'In the Indian subcontinent there is hardly any study that compares the bird community structure of urban/suburban areas with those of forest habitat. The present survey identified diverse assemblages of birds in the Pauri district at different elevations. A total of 125 bird species belonging to 40 families including two least count species (Lophura leucomelanos and Pucrasia marcolopha) were recorded during this survey in the forest and urbanized habitats of Pauri District (Garhwal Hiamalaya) of Uttarakhand state, India. The high elevation (Pauri m a.s.l.), mid elevation (Srikot-Khanda m a.s.l.) and low elevation (Srinagar m a.s.l.) contributed 88.8%, 63.2% and 58.4% of the total species respectively. Rarefaction analysis and Shannon diversity index showed that the high elevation forest habitat had highest bird species richness (BSR) and bird species diversity (BSD) followed by the mid and then the low elevation forests. BSR and BSD fluctuated across seasons at all elevations but not across habitat types. Present study provides a base line data about avian community composition in urbanized and natural habitats along altitudinal gradient in the study area. This information may be useful to the conservation biologists for the better management and conservation of the avifauna in the Western Himalaya, a part of one of the hot biodiversity spots of the world.''Shade coffee plantations support high numbers of Neotropical migratory birds, but relatively little is known about the structural and floristic attributes used by individual species. From 2005 to 2007, we studied the relationship between habitat characteristics and Neotropical migratory birds in shade coffee plantations in the Venezuelan Andes. Our results indicate that density of migrants was significantly related to both structural and floristic attributes of coffee farms. Specifically, upper canopy foragers were positively associated with number of large trees dbh), tree canopy height, and understory vegetation density. Low canopy and ground foragers were positively associated with numbers of small dbh) and medium dbh) trees and increased shade cover. Moreover, certain tree species, especially Inga spp., Erythrina spp. and Acnistus arborescens, were important components of habitat for those species that forage in the canopy. For example, our detailed foraging observations showed that Inga trees were used in greater proportion than available throughout plantations by Cerulean Warblers (Dendroica cerulea), a species of high conservation concern. Overall, our research suggests that suitability of coffee plantations for migratory birds may be improved by managing for particular structural and floristic characteristics of plantations.''The covid-19 pandemic led to rapid and large-scale government intervention in economies and societies. A common policy response to covid-19 outbreaks has been the lockdown or quarantine. Designed to slow the spread of the disease, lockdowns have unintended consequences for the environment. This article examines the impact of lockdown on forest fires, motivated by satellite data showing a particularly large upsurge of fires at around the time of lockdown implementation. We find that lockdown is associated with an increase in forest fires compared to three different counterfactuals, constructed to simulate the expected number of fires in the absence of the lockdown. To varying degrees across regions, the presence of armed groups is correlated with this fire upsurge. Mechanisms through which the lockdown might influence fire rates are discussed, including the mobilisation of armed groups and the reduction in the monitoring capacity of state and conservation organisations during the covid-19 outbreak. Given the fast-developing situation in Colombia, we conclude with some ideas for further research.'Abstract not available'Upgrades implemented over a number of years in an open source version of the Eta model, posted at the CPTEC web site http://etamodel.cptec.inpe.br/, are summarized and examples of benefits are shown. The version originates from the Workstation Eta code posted on the NCEP web site http://www.emc.ncep.noaa.gov/mmb/wrkstn_eta, which differs from the latest operational Eta by having the WRF-NMM nonhydrostatic option included. Most of the upgrades made resulted from attention paid to less than satisfactory performance noted in several Eta results, and identification of the reasons for the problem. Others came from simple expectation that including a feature that is physically justified but is missing in the code should help. The most notable of the upgrades are the introduction of the so-called sloping steps, or discretized shaved cells topography; piecewise-linear finite-volume vertical advection of dynamic variables; vapor and hydrometeor loading in the hydrostatic equation, and changes aimed at refining the convection schemes available in the Eta. Several other modifications have to do with the calculation of exchange coefficients, conservation in the vertical diffusion, and diagnostic calculation of 10-m winds. Several examples showing improved performance resulting from the dynamics changes are given. One includes a case of unrealistically low temperatures in several mountain basins generated by a centered vertical advection difference unphysical advection from below ground, removed by its replacement with a finite-volume scheme. Another is that of increased katabatic winds in the Terra Nova Bay Antarctica region. Successful forecast of the severe downslope zonda wind case in the lee of the highest peaks of the Andes is also shown, and some of the recent successful verification results of the use of the upgraded model are pointed out. The code is used at numerous places, and along with setup information it is available for outside users at the CPTEC Eta web site given above.''Bird vocalizations are likely shaped both by natural and sexual selection. Here we test the sensory-drive hypothesis, which states that communication signals diverge as a direct adaptation to the signaling environment and can evolve to minimize degradation and maximize transmission. We examined the effects of elevation and other habitat variables on variation in vocalizations of Chiroxiphia boliviana (Aves, Pipridae) along an elevational gradient in cloud and humid montane forests in the Andes of Bolivia. We also conducted sound transmission experiments to determine if reverberation and attenuation changed along the gradient. Reverberation increased at higher elevations, and attenuation decreased at higher elevations and increased for higher frequencies. We recorded vocalizations from individuals throughout the elevational gradient and examined variation in duration and bandwidth of short calls (used as contact calls between males), 2 display calls (advertisement for females) and 2 types of duets (including interval times between males). Duration of short calls, display 1 and duet 1 increased with elevation. Bandwidth of short calls increased at mid-elevation categories and decreased at high elevations, whereas bandwidth of display 1 and duet 1 decreased with elevation. We also directly related the transmission properties to vocalizations and found that bandwidth of short calls decreased with reverberation and attenuation, bandwidth of display 2 decreased with reverberation, and duration of duet 1 both increased and decreased with attenuation (at 3 and respectively). This study suggests that vocalizations by C. boliviana may be adapted to the habitat transmission properties along the elevational gradient; and perhaps that increasing song length and concentrating energy within a narrow bandwidth may lead to an increase in amplitude and improvement in transmission. Overall, our results support the sensory-drive hypothesis and suggest that this form of selection is likely common along tropical elevational gradients.''Epiphytic plant species are an important part of biological diversity. It is therefore essential to understand the distribution pattern and the factors influencing such patterns. The present study is aimed at observing the patterns of species richness, abundances and species composition of epiphytic orchids and ferns in two subtropical forests in Nepal. We also studied the relationship of host plants (Schima wallichii and Quercus lanata) and epiphyte species. Data were collected in Naudhara community forest (CF) and the national forest (NF) in Shivapuri Nagarjun National Park. The data were analyzed using univariate and multivariate tests. In total, we recorded 41 species of epiphytes (33 orchid and 8 fern species). Orchid species abundance is significantly higher in CF compared to NF. Orchid species richness and abundance increased with increasing southern aspect whereas it decreased with increasing canopy cover, and fern species richness increased with host bark roughness. Orchid abundance was positively correlated with increasing bark pH, stem size, tree age and tree height and negatively correlated with increasing steepness of the area. Likewise, fern abundances were high in places with high canopy cover, trees that were tall and big, but decreased with increasing altitude and southern aspect. The composition of the orchid and fern species was affected by altitude, aspect, canopy cover, DBH, number of forks and forest management types. We showed that the diversity of orchid and fern epiphytes is influenced by host characteristics as well as host types. The most important pre-requisite for a high epiphyte biodiversity is the presence of old respectively tall trees, independent of the recent protection status. This means: (i) for protection, e.g. in the frame of the national park declaration, such areas should be used which host such old tall trees; and (ii) also in managed forests and even in intensively used landscapes epiphytes can be protected by letting a certain number of trees be and by giving them space to grow old and tall.'variations in climate appear to induce similarities in the responses along its entire distribution, supporting global convergence in tree growth responses to climate forest responses to climate variations is urgently needed for anticipating changes in forest composition and biodiversity. We use twelve tree-ring chronologies from Nothofagus dombeyi, the dominant tree at mesic-to-humid sites, to characterize relationships along the west-to-east precipitation gradient in Nahuel Huapi National Park, Argentina. A principal components analysis indicates that a large proportion of common variance in tree growth reflects regional-scale influences of climate. Correlation functions between climate and tree-ring indexes show that the critical factor regulating tree growth is water deficit induced by above-average temperature and reduced precipitation during the growing season. At high elevations, however, tree growth appears to be less sensitive to water deficit but comparatively more sensitive to warmer conditions. Temporal trends in growth relationships supported the occurrence of a dominant large-scale climatic response, but also identify changes in relationships over time, primarily at wet and high-elevation sites. These variations in relationships are interpreted as a convergence process to similar patterns in tree growth across the entire precipitation gradient, as conditions at high-elevation sites turned to be less frequent due to drier and warmer years during the late twentieth century. Sampling along environmental gradients provides a comprehensive view of the potential range of responses of tree growth to climate which is not recorded using traditional dendrochronological sampling at marginal, more climate-sensitive sites. The recent changes in the relationships between climate and growth highlight the vulnerability of N. dombeyi to climate changes across its entire range of distribution in Argentina.''BackgroundParasite prevalence and diversity are determined by the distribution of hosts and vectors and by the interplay among a suite of environmental factors. Distributions of parasite lineages vary based on host susceptibility and geographical barriers. Hemoparasites of the genera Haemoproteus and Plasmodium have wide distributions, and high prevalence and genetic diversity within perching birds (Order Passeriformes). The rufous-collared sparrow (Zonotrichia capensis) is widely distributed in Central and South America across an immense diversity of environments from sea level to more than 4000 meters above sea level. It therefore provides an excellent model to investigate whether altitudinal and latitudinal gradients influence the distribution, prevalence and diversity of haemosporidian parasites, their population structure and the biogeographical boundaries of distinct parasite lineages.ResultsWe assembled samples from 1317 rufous-collared sparrows spanning 75 locales from across Central and South America (between and meters above sea level). We used DNA sequence data from a fragment of the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene (cytb) of Haemoproteus and Plasmodium from 325 positive samples and found prevalences of 22 and 3%, respectively. Haemoproteus exhibited a higher prevalence than Plasmodium but with comparatively lower genetic diversity. We detected a relationship of Plasmodium and Haemoproteus prevalence with altitude and latitude; however, altitude and latitude did not influence parasite diversity.ConclusionsParasite lineages showed a phylogeographical boundary coincident with the Andes Mountains, although we also observed a north-south disjunction in Peru for Haemoproteus. Haemosporidian distribution was not homogeneous but differed based on latitude and altitude. This is most probably due to environmental factors that have influenced both vector distribution and abundance, as well as parasite development. Our study provides key insights on the distribution of haemoparasite lineages and parasite dynamics within hosts.''Objective combination schemes of predictions from different models have been applied to seasonal climate forecasts. These schemes are successful in producing a deterministic forecast superior to individual member models and better than the multi-model ensemble mean forecast. Recently, a variant of the conventional superensemble formulation was created to improve skills for seasonal climate forecasts, the Florida State University (FSU) Synthetic Superensemble. The idea of the synthetic algorithm is to generate a new data set from the predicted multimodel datasets for multiple linear regression. The synthetic data is created from the original dataset by finding a consistent spatial pattern between the observed analysis and the forecast data set. This procedure is a multiple linear regression problem in EOF space. The main contribution this paper is to discuss the feasibility of seasonal prediction based on the synthetic superensemble approach and to demonstrate that the use of this method in coupled models dataset can reduce the errors of seasonal climate forecasts over South America. In this study, a suite of FSU coupled atmospheric oceanic models was used. In evaluation the results from the FSU synthetic superensemble demonstrate greater skill for most of the variables tested here. The forecast produced by the proposed method out performs other conventional forecasts. These results suggest that the methodology and database employed are able to improve seasonal climate prediction over South America when compared to the use of single climate models or from the conventional ensemble averaging. The results show that anomalous conditions simulated over South America are reasonably realistic. The negative (positive) precipitation anomalies for the summer monsoon season of 1997/98 (2001/02) were predicted by Synthetic Superensemble formulation quite well. In summary, the forecast produced by the Synthetic Superensemble approach outperforms the other conventional forecasts.'' The geologic evidence for worldwide uplift of mountain ranges in the Neogene is ambiguous. Estimates of paleoelevation vary, according to whether they are based on the characteristics of fossil floras, on the masses and grain sizes of eroded sediments, or on calculations of increased thickness of the lithosphere as a result of faulting. Detrital erosion rates can be increased both by increased relief in the drainage basin and by a change to more seasonal rainfall patterns. The geologic record provides no clear answer to the question whether uplift caused the climatic deterioration of the Neogene or whether the changing climate affected the erosion system in such a way as to create an illusion of uplift. We suggest that the spread of C4 plants in the Late Miocene may have altered both the erosion and climate systems. These changes are responsible for the apparent contradictions between data supporting uplift and those supporting high elevations in the past.''Qualitative, mensural, genetic, and phylogenetic analyses were conducted to clarify species Limits, distributions, and relationships in the poorly known Amazonian rodent genus Scolomys. Scolomys melanops is characterized by consistent differences in comparison with all other samples of the genus. However, our data do not support the recognition of S. juruaense as a valid species, but rather as a synonym of S. ucayalensis. Only minimal differences in Cyt-b sequences were present between S. juruaense and S. ucayalensis, and phylogenetic analyses consistently retrieved a monophyletic genus Scolomys with the relationship ((S. juruaense + S. ucayalensis) + S. melanops) The apparent morphological distinctiveness of S. juruaense in the original description was due to small sample sizes and comparisons of adult specimens from Brazil with the juvenal type material of S. ucayalensis from Peru. The two species that we recognize, S. melanops and S. ucayalensis, can be separated by the short, relatively wide rostrum and wide zygomatic arches of S. melanops versus the longer, relatively thinner rostrum and absolutely narrower zygomatic arches of S. ucayalensis. Scolomys melanops ranges from the eastern slopes of the Andes in Ecuador to near Iquitos in Amazonian Peru, and we document the presence of S. ucayalensis in western Brazil, northern Peru, and southern Colombia.''The geographic distribution of the populations of a species are influenced by the spatial structure of the ecosystems, the environmental factors and the presence of geographic barriers. The Neotropical otter, Lontra longicaudis, is widely distributed throughout the Americas, where a wide range of environmental conditions and geographical features could promote genetic and morphological variation on the three currently recognized subspecies. In this study, we combined phylogeographic, morphometric and environmental niche modelling analyses to examine whether: (1) genetic variation is associated with the presence of barriers to gene flow and/or hydrography; (2) genetic and morphologic variation are associated with environmental variation; and (3) the observed variation in L. longicaudis populations corresponds to the previously defined subspecies. We found strong phylogeographic structure between the northern (L. l. annectens) and the two-southern subspecies (L. l. longicaudis and L. l. enudris), and although shallower, we also detected genetic differentiation between the two South American subspecies. Such genetic differentiation corresponds to the hydrography and to the geographical barriers characteristic of the distributional area of the species. We found a correlation between the shape of the skull and mandible with the environmental variation through the distribution of the species, and we rejected the hypothesis of niche equivalency and similarity between the three identified genetic lineages, suggesting adaptations to different environmental conditions. Our results support that the variation in environmental conditions, in concert with geographical barriers to gene flow and hydrography, have led to population divergence of L. longicaudis along the Neotropics. These results have important taxonomic implications for the species and its conservation.''Quantifying the effects of forests on water and soil conservation helps further understanding of ecological functions and improving vegetation reconstruction in water-eroded areas. Studies on the effects of vegetation on water and soil conservation have generally focused on vegetation types or vegetation horizontal distribution densities. However, only a few studies have used indicators that consider the vegetation vertical distribution. This study used the leaf area index (LAI) to investigate the relationship between forests and water and soil conservation in experimental plots. From 2007 to 2010, rainfall characteristics, LAI, and water and soil loss in 144 natural erosive rainfall events were measured from five pure tree plots (Pinus massoniana). These tree plots were located in Hetian Town, Changting County, Fujian Province, which is a typical water-eroded area in Southern China. Quadratic polynomial regression models for LAI and water/soil conservation effects (RE/SE) were established for each plot. The RE and SE corresponded to the ratios of the runoff depth (RD) and the soil loss (SL) of each pure tree plot to those of the control plot under each rainfall event. The transformation LAIs of the LAI-RE and LAI-SE curves, as well as the rainfall characteristics for the different water/soil conservation effects, were computed. The increasing LAI resulted in descending, descending-ascending, ascending-descending, and ascending trends in the LAI-RE and LAI-SE curves. The rainfall frequencies corresponding to each trend of LAI-RE and LAI-SE were different, and the rainfall distributions were not uniform per year. The effects of soil conservation in the plots were superior to those of water conservation. Most of the RE and SE values presented a positive effect on water and soil conservation. The main factor that caused different effects was rainfall intensity. During heavy rains (e.g., rainfall erosivity R = 145 and maximum 30 min intensity I30 = 13 mm/h), the main effects were positive, whereas light rains (e.g., R = 70 and I30 = 8 mm/h) generally led to negative effects. When the rainfall erosivity was lower than that of the positive or the negative effects to a threshold and the tree LAI reached a transformation value, the relationships between LAI and RE or SE notably transformed. Results showed that the plot-transformation LAIs for water and soil conservation during rainfall events were both approximately 1.0 in our study. These results could be used to come up with a more efficient way to alleviate water and soil loss in water-eroded areas.''Biogeographical studies in Amazonia have commonly taken a historical, rather than an ecological approach. General patterns have been sought in the distribution maps of different species, and these have been explained in terms of past or present distribution barriers, especially past climates and large rivers. Implicitly, and often also explicitly, it is assumed that Amazonia is ecologically so uniform that present-day ecological conditions are rather insignificant in determining species distribution patterns and speciation. However, this assumption is more based on the lack of relevant data than on actual observations of environmental uniformity or ecological unspecialization of the species. Recent studies have indeed documented ecological heterogeneity and floristic differences among sites that were previously thought similar. In the absence of direct knowledge of the past, more complete ecological and environmental understanding of the present-day Amazonia are needed for evaluating the relative roles of historical and ecological factors in Amazonian biogeography and biodiversity.''Two individual, dicotyledoneous leaves (125 and 98 cm2 in size) and one composed palm leaf (c. 6800 cm2 in size), gathered at La Selva Biological Station, Costa Rica, and Jatun Satcha Biological Station, Amazonian Ecuador, were screened for small-scale foliicolous lichen diversity. On the dicotyledoneous leaf from Costa Rica, 49 lichens and one lichenicolous fungus were found, while a comparable leaf from Ecuador revealed 46 lichens and two lichenicolous fungi. The palm leaf yielded 81 lichens and one lichenicolous fungus. This is the highest alpha-diversity so far reported for foliicolous lichens on individual leaves and invites for comparison with tree diversity in tropical rain forests. Due to the high proportion of species represented by a single thallus, the taxonomic diversity of lichens on individual leaves (or trees in selected plots) cannot be self-supporting, but reflects a high degree of dispersion or entropy within the community of which the individual leaf (or selected plot) is part. Diversity is therefore fractal, showing similar patterns at different scales, each part of a given community reflecting the entire community. Thus, mechanisms that result in high small-scale diversity must be looked for at the community level.''Terrestrial plant communities of adjacent upland and floodplain forest of the Amazonian lowland differ from each other in species richness and composition. Epiphytes are generally not considered as being affected by flooding, but we found considerable variation in the communities of epiphytic Araceae of flooded and unflooded forest. Contrary to findings from tree or ground herb communities, no depletion in overall species richness was observed among epiphytic aroids of the floodplains. Abundance and number of epiphytic aroid species per phorophyte were significantly higher than in upland forest, and the species composition varied conspicuously between the two forest types. We suggest that these differences are due to elevated humidity and better soil quality on the floodplains and reject the assumption that flooding has no effect on the epiphytic community.'Abstract not available'An analysis of human population trends from 2000 to 2010 shows that of the roughly one billion additional people on the planet today, a disproportionate number live in the biodiversity hotspots and tropical wilderness areas (TWAs). Although the annual population growth rate in the hotspots declined from 1.6 to the total population increased by 187 million people. While less densely populated, the TWAs grew at roughly twice the rate of the hotspots. Overall, slower growth rates are indicative of longer-term global trends in decreasing fertility, aging populations, and increased urbanization. The hotspots, however, are largely inhabited by people who have yet to enter their reproductive years or are in the early stages therein. The young age structure means that populations in these priority conservation areas will grow even as fertility rates fall further, and biodiversity will be forced to share dwindling natural habitat with ever more people.''Based on recent surveys of the freshwater decapod fauna, distributional data of five exotic species of freshwater decapod crustaceans for the hydrographic basins of the state of Paulo are presented, as part of a large initiative for a comprehensive survey of the biodiversity (BIOTA-FAPESP Program). These species are the North American crayfish Procambarus clarkii (Girard) (Cambaridae), the crab Dilocarcinus pagei Stimpson (Trichodactylidae) from the Amazon and Paraguay/lower River Basins, and the palaemonid shrimps Macrobrachium rosenbergii (De Man), from the Indo-Pacific region, Macrobrachium amazonicum (Heller) and Macrobrachium jelskii (Miers), both from the Orinoco, Amazon and the Paraguay/lower River Basins. Possible modes by which their introduction might have occurred are commented upon and potential consequences are discussed.''We summarize information on current distribution of the invasive lizard Chamaeleo jacksonii and predict its potential distribution in the Hawaiian Islands. Potential distribution maps are based on climate models developed from known localities in its native range and its Hawaiian range. We also present results of analysis of stomach contents of a sample of 34 chameleons collected from native, predominantly dryland, forest on Maui. These data are the first summarizing prey range of this non-native species in an invaded native-forest setting. Potential distribution models predict that the species can occur throughout most of Hawaii from sea level to elevation. Important features of this data set are that approximately one-third of the diet of these lizards is native insects, and the lizards are consuming large numbers of arthropods each day. Prey sizes span virtually the entire gamut of native Hawaiian arthropod diversity, thereby placing a large number of native species at risk of predation. Our dietary results contrast with expectations for most iguanian lizards and support suggestions that chameleons comprise a third distinct foraging-mode category among saurians. The combination of expanding distribution, large potential range size, broad diet, high predation rates, and high densities of these chameleons imply that they may well become a serious threat to some of the Hawaiian fauna.'Abstract not available'Many fish species contain morphologically, ecologically and geneticallydistinct populations that are sympatric during at least some portion oftheir life cycle. Such reproductively isolated populations act asdistinct biological species, but are identified by a common Latinbinomial. These are particularly common in freshwaterfish families such as Salmonidae, Gasterosteidae and Osmeridae and aretypically associated with postglacial lakes in north temperateenvironments. The nature of the divergences between sympatric species,factors contributing to reproductive isolation, and modes of evolutionare reviewed with particular emphasis on benthic and limnetic pairs ofthreespine sticklebacks, Gasterosteus aculeatus, and anadromous(sockeye salmon) and nonanadromous (kokanee) pairs of Oncorhynchusnerka. Phylogenetic analyses typically indicate that divergencesbetween members of replicate pairs have occurred independently and,hence, particular phenotypes are not monophyletic. Consequently,taxonomic resolution of such is a vexing problem foradherents to our traditional Linnaean classification system. Sympatricspecies pairs represent a significant component of the biodiversity oftemperate freshwater ecosystems which may be underestimated because oursystem of formal taxonomy tends to obscure diversity encompassed byspecies pairs. Conservation of such systems should be recognized as apriority without formal taxonomic designation of members of speciespairs because taxonomic resolution will likely continue to proveextremely difficult when employing traditional hierarchies andprocedures.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Change in environmental conditions with altitudinal gradients induces morpho-anatomical variations in plants that have been poorly documented in intertropical regions. Five species with three life forms, cryptophyte (Alchemilla procumbens, Geranium seemannii), hemicryptophyte (Acaena elongata, Lupinus montanus), and phanerophyte (Symphoricarpos microphyllus), distributed along an altitudinal gradient in the Sierra Nevada of central Mexico, were studied. The aims were to identify and evaluate their morpho-anatomical modifications under the hypothesis that the sizes of individuals and of their wood and leaf cell types decrease as elevation increases. Three individuals per species per site were collected at seven locations along the altitudinal gradient (2949-3952 m). Their morpho-anatomical characters were analyzed through multiple regression analyses. Elevation was the variable that best explained anatomical changes in the leaf and wood of the five species. Canopy density and potassium content in the soil also contributed to explain the variation in anatomical variables along the gradient. As elevation increased a bimodal pattern was observed in various anatomical characters as in the leaf width of A. elongata, A. procumbens and G. seemannii and in the vessel diameter of A. procumbens, G. seemannii, and L. montanus. Other features as the vessel diameter of A. elongata, the fiber length of S. microphyllus, and the ray width of A. elongata increased as the elevation increased. Anatomical traits have a tendency to decrease in size but just toward the end of the gradient, which is probably related to changes in canopy density. The plant response to the altitudinal gradient is more focused on anatomical adaptations than morphological variation; it is also species dependent.'Abstract not available'This work examines teleconnections between extratropical explosive cyclogenesis and the Antarctic region and its relationship with the Southern Annular Mode (SAM) and with the zonal wave three (ZW3) pattern at the end of October 2016. From 26 to 28 October, an explosive extratropical cyclone developed on the Brazilian southern coast. Then, from the 29th to the 31st, southern Australia, including Tasmania, was hit by an explosive extratropical cyclone originating in the Indian Ocean. Both events caused damages. The year 2016 also stands out as the warmest in the recorded record, both globally and in the Southern Hemisphere; further, in 2016, the smallest Antarctic sea ice extent (SIE) was recorded since 1979. This SIE reduction has been attributed to positive sea surface temperature anomalies, the ZW3 and a SAM negative phase. We reconstructed the geopotential height fields, wind vectors, zonal wind, and temperature using the ERA-Interim reanalysis data. These fields, associated to wave and tidal and wind records, denote that negative SAM and ZW3 influenced both events. This association favored intense cyclogenesis, which included a baroclinic increase in both cases, with well-organized vertical structure; thus, this combination formed meteorological as a response to the tropic-pole temperature contrast, and an exceptional atmospheric circulation was observed between subtropical and polar latitudes in 2016.''Heat and cold tolerances were determined for 13 clones of the commonly cultivated potato, Solanum tuberosum L. Five clones were considered to be adapted to warm climates and the others to cool climates only in terms of their ability to produce tubers. The decrease in the rate of the induced rise in chlorophyll fluorescence after heating leaves at for 10 min was used to measure relative heat tolerance, and the decrease following chilling at was used to measure relative cold tolerance. The warm-adapted clones all showed enhanced heat tolerance compared with the cool-adapted clones. Higher heat tolerance was also correlated with a greater tolerance towards a cold stress of and it is suggested that the warm-adapted clones were selections showing an increased generalized capacity to withstand environmental stresses of several kinds rather than a specific genotypic adaptation to tolerate warm temperatures. Heat and cold tolerances were also determined for several other species of potato cultivated in the Andean region of South America. Of these, S. phureja, which is found at low altitudes on the eastern slopes of the Andes, showed a tolerance to heat comparable to that of the warm-adapted clones of the common potato, the two most heat tolerant of which contained some phureja in their parentage. Diploid and triploid species of cultivated potatoes were considerably more cold tolerant than the clones of the common potato, a tetraploid. The genetic variability for heat and cold tolerance in cultivated and wild potatoes is discussed in relation to increasing the tolerance of the potato to these stresses.''The Chilean fog-free Pacific coastal desert, one of the driest desertic regions of the world, is undergoing rapid rates of desertification as a result of intensive agriculture, overgrazing and mining. There is an urgent need to document the mycorrhizal status of Chilean plants, and the role of the symbiosis in rehabilitation and preservation of species diversity. Here we present one of the first reports on the mycorrhizal status of annual and perennial herbs and shrubs from this region. Plants were collected during 1991 when rainfall was close to or above the annual average, providing the opportunity to asses several rare plant species. The plants examined included endemic species and endangered and rare geophytes. More than 90% of 38 species (19 families) were found to form exclusively arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi associations. Six species of mycorrhizal fungi were isolated from the root zones of plants sampled, four of which are undescribed.''The paleoecological record allows contemporary ecologists to put current phenomena into the context of a longer time-frame, thereby providing the opportunity to evaluate the importance of slowly operating processes, past cyclic or unusual events, disturbance regimes, and historically constrained phenomena. We briefly outline the environmental history of the Quaternary, discuss the spatial and temporal resolution of the paleoecological evidence for biotic change, and summarize data relevant to such current issues as the nature of the biotic community, the role of disturbance, stability versus rapid change, evolutionary theory, explanations of species diversity, and refugia theory. Finally, we offer examples of the utility of paleoecological techniques for ecologists and environmental scientists.''Knowledge about members of the flowering plant family Clusiaceae occurring in the tropical mountain regions of the world is limited, in part due to endemism and restricted distributions. High altitude vegetation habitats in Central and South America are home to numerous native Hypericum species. Information related to the phytochemistry of Hypericum, as well as ecological factors with the potential to influence chemical defenses in these plants, is briefly reviewed. Results of the phytochemical analysis of Hypericum irazuense, a species collected in the of the Cordillera de Talamanca in Costa Rica, are presented. Lastly, guidelines for the viable and sustainable collections of plant material, to facilitate future investigations of these interesting plants, are given.''A brief historical account of the genus Condea (Lamiaceae) is followed by a note on a new species from Brazil and a new combination in Condea from Mexico. For C. petrensis, a detail of its discovery in the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro, a description, diagnosis and illustration are provided. Its conservation status is Critically Endangered, following the criteria of IUCN. A key to South American species of Condea sect. Condea is presented, with notes on their distribution and taxonomy.''Three new species of Swartzia are described and illustrated. All three are endemic to the western-Andean region and Pacific lowlands of Colombia, an important secondary area of diversity for this Amazonian-centered genus. Swartzia amabale is a multifoliolate member of the predominantly Amazonian section Unifoliolatae. It is closely related to S. glabrata of the eastern Guiana Shield and is one of only two species of its section that occurs outside of Amazonia. Swartzia radiale belongs to the small section Pittierianae and is notable for its nearly actinomorphic androecium and relatively high-elevation habitat. Swartzia versicolor is one of three subtly distinct species of the distinctive section Digynae. Its discovery augments a pronounced pattern of geographical disjunction, the other two species of the section being distributed in and around the Guiana Shield and in the littoral zone of eastern Brazil, respectively. The conservation status of each of the three new species is of concern, as indicated by small geographical ranges, rarity, and the ongoing fragmentation of forests in western Colombia.''The profitability of four farm-level fuelwood management alternatives were examined using benefit-cost analysis. The value of alder wood is based on the market price of a cubic meter of fuelwood sold in Saraguro, Loja, Ecuador. A sensitivity analysis of wage rate, fuelwood price, and project subsidies tests the effects of changes in key economic parameters on project profitability. Present trends in fuelwood demand and social externalities are examined and the subsidy bill is estimated for implementing an alder management plan.''Mexican cloud forest vegetation has been recorded in temperate humidconditions at rather different elevations ranging from 600 to 3000m. They are characterised by high biodiversity under continuousfoggy situations. Some authors state that many genera are quantitativelyimportant to depict cloud forest conditions. Detailed quantitative studiescomprising most of the localities of Mexican cloud forests to depict altidudinaldistribution ranges on basis of preferential genera have not been previouslyconducted. The aim of this study is (1) to recognise characteristic preferentialgenera of Mexican cloud forest conditions, and (2) to determine quantitativelythe current altitudinal distribution pattern of this vegetation type. From adatabase composed by 995 genera inhabiting in the Mexican cloud forests, sixgenera were chosen preliminary as preferential characteristics. These wereClethra, Magnolia, Meliosma, Styrax, Symplocos, andTernstroemia. These genera include 70 species that occur atover 70% of the current Mexican cloud forest fragments. The mean elevation ofthese genera records were 1853 m at 95% confidenceinterval). The results showed that Mexican cloud forests occur optimally between1250 and 2450 m. Additionally, Mexican cloud forest is the bestdistributed within some provinces of the Mesoamericana chiefly at Madre and The results are discussed in light of theimportance of these regions as diversification centres.''A sounder theoretical basis for extrapolation and prediction, typologies of what is and what is not comparable, and representative natural areas for long-term field research are three geographically-based ingredients of comparative research in ecology. Two types of conceptual model allow assessment of the effects of phylogenesis and environment on ecosystem structure and functioning. The first is based on of genetic variables and study of biological performance along a gradient of environmental conditions an approach of sequential analysis of environmental gradients. The second is based on of environmental variables and comparison of performance of different phylogenetic stocks in non-contiguous geographical areas an approach entailing matching of disjunct ecological analogues. The two approaches are important complements in examining hypotheses of convergent and divergent evolution, in helping to define what really can be compared in comparative ecological research, and in contributing to ecology becoming a more predictive and credible science.''A cascade of reviews and growing body of literature exists on forest invasion ecology, its mechanism or causes; however, no review addressed the sustainable management of invasive plants of forest in totality. Henceforth, the present paper aims to provide a critical review on the management of invasive species particularly in the context of forest plants. Plant invasion in forest is now increasingly being recognized as a global problem, and various continents are adversely affected, although to a differential scale. Quest for the ecological mechanism lying behind the success of invasive species over native species of forest has drawn the attention of researches worldwide particularly in the context of relationship. Transport, colonization, establishment, and landscape spread may be different steps in success of invasive plants in forest, and each and every step is checked through several ecological attributes. Further, several ecological attribute and hypothesis (enemy release, novel weapon, empty niche, evolution of increased competitive ability, etc.) were proposed pertaining to success of invasive plant species in forest ecosystems. However, a single theory will not be able to account for invasion success among all environments as it may vary spatially and temporally. Therefore, in order to formulate a sustainable management plan for invasive plants of forest, it is necessary to develop a synoptic view of the dynamic processes involved in the invasion process. Moreover, invasive species of forest can act synergistically with other elements of global change, including land-use change, climate change, increased concentrations of atmospheric carbon dioxide, and nitrogen deposition. Henceforth, a unified framework for biological invasions that reconciles and integrates the key features of the most commonly used invasion frameworks into a single conceptual model that can be applied to all human-mediated invasions.''Peatbogs are the most productive and biodiversity rich ecosystems of high dry Puna region, and provide essential ecosystems services to local inhabitants. Despite their ecological and economic importance, the geographic patterns and distribution of peatbogs as well the dynamic of this system are barely known. In this work we (1) identified and mapped subtropical Argentine High Andean peatbogs based in a supervised classification of Landsat images, and a posteriori spatial processing to define functional units; (2) used such classification to characterize the whole Argentina Puna region (14.3 million hectares) in terms of their geographic patterns of peatbogs; and (3) characterized the sub-watersheds according to their peatbogs density and geographic characteristics. The post-process map reports a total area of peatbogs of of total study area) with 10,428 polygons. The majority of peatbogs are small or median (i.e., of total area included while of total area are peatbogs from 10 to but only two peatbogs with represent of total area. Peatbogs density is spatially heterogeneous, with much higher density in the north and central east of the study area. Sub-watershed can be grouped into six main groups according to the percentage of peatbogs cover, mean size of peatbogs and altitude. The combination of basic information, such as map of peatbogs cover with spatial patterns characterization, is a priority input for the conservation planning of this extensive and valuable ecosystem, and to ongoing land use planning initiatives.'Abstract not available'Species conservation with fragmented and endangered populations must be based on a prior and thorough knowledge of the structure and population dynamics. Oophaga lehmanni is a dendrobatid species endemic of Colombia and is restricted to its type locality. This species has a fragmented distribution and is considered as critically endangered mainly due to habitat destruction and overexploitation. Oophaga lehmanni exhibits phenotypic variation in the dorsal color pattern (red and yellow morphs). We reconstructed the overexploitation history that this species has faced in the last In addition, we collected genetic and morphological data for the first time in natural populations to describe genetic diversity between and within populations, and to evaluate morphological and genetic differences between red and yellow morphs. Overexploitation data suggest that more than 80.000 frogs were extracted from the field in the last four decades, probably generating the local extirpation or population decline from the type locality. Genetic data showed reduced genetic diversity. Observed heterozygosity is lower than expected We did not find differences in body size and heterozygosity between the two morphs; however, individuals analyzed were assigned to two genetic clusters, which corresponded to the O. lehmanni-yellow and O. lehmanni-red. In addition, FST (0.209) and Nei genetic distance (0.18) values indicated genetic differentiation between the two morphs; therefore, red and yellow morphs should be treated as independent management units. This information will help to define appropriate and long-term conservation units, as a useful tool to mitigate the extinction risk of this species.''The variability of sources or sinks of moisture and heat for the South American monsoon system (SAMS) region is investigated for the period. So, moisture and heat budget equations are applied to data from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) reanalysis project. Sources or sinks of moisture and heat are the equation residues and are referred to as residue and diabatic terms, respectively. Using empirical orthogonal function (EOF) analysis, the dominant variability modes of these terms are obtained for the study period, with the monthly anomalies of the residue and diabatic terms employed. For residue EOF01, negative (positive) principal component (PC01) values correspond to positive (negative) residue anomalies over tropical South America (TSAM), which indicate a moisture source (sink) before (after) 1976, cold (warm) phase of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO). For the EOF01 of the diabatic term, negative (positive) PC01 values correspond to negative (positive) diabatic anomalies over TSAM, indicating a heat sink (source) before (after) 1976. Thus, a moisture source (sink) and a heat sink (source) occur over TSAM before (after) 1976. These findings are corroborated by composite analysis of the anomalies of precipitable water, air temperature, vertical pressure velocity, vertically integrated moisture flux (VIMF), VIMF divergence, and precipitation. In terms of system thermodynamics, these composites are indicative of SAMS weakening (strengthening) before (after) 1976, cold (warm) PDO phase.''Mapping geographic trends in biodiversity is a key step in conservation planning, which has been mainly focused on taxonomic criteria or species of particular concern. More recently, higher consideration of ecosystem functioning has been advocated, allocating more attention to traits and functional diversity of species assemblages. Carnivorans (Mammalia: Carnivora) are charismatic, albeit threatened, species that variously affect ecosystem functioning through consumptive processes, and whose functional diversity depends on traits associated with their trophic habits and energetic requirements. Yet, analyses of spatial trends in the diversity and vulnerability of carnivoran assemblages have mostly focused on taxonomic and phylogenetic criteria. Then, the present study assessed the vulnerability of the functional richness of South American carnivoran assemblages, both at continental and regional levels. As a first diagnostic of vulnerability, the form of the association between functional richness and species richness (FRS) was assessed through simulations. The resulting nearly linear association indicated low functional redundancy and high sensitivity to global extinctions. A more realistic FRS accounting for actual extinction threats exacerbated losses of functional richness. Further, a positive correlation between effect and response traits suggests non-compensatory responses to environmental stressors by functionally redundant species and, thus, sensitivity of carnivoran functional richness to ongoing trends in land conversion and habitat degradation. Regionally, functional richness paralleled latitudinal gradients in species richness, but vulnerability did not entirely match these variables in space, nor did it risk estimates that accounted for conservation status. This suggests regional differentiation in conservation priorities, complementing existing taxonomically oriented prioritization schemes.''Participatory Crop Improvement (PCI) has developed over the past decade as an alternative and complementary breeding approach to Formal Crop Improvement (FCI). In that context, PCI principally aims at more effectively addressing the needs of farmers in marginal areas in developing countries. This paper describes the rationale behind the emerging of the PCI-concept, the first experiences, and its place in a development-context. The relation with in situ conservation of plant genetic resources is briefly described. The paper uses the distinction in PCI between PVS (Participatory Varietal Selection, i.e. participatory selection among varieties and advanced materials) and PPB (Participatory Plant Breeding, i.e. selection within segregating materials). While successful experiences of PVS are reported, the potentials of PPB are still to be explored. Among other issues, this article pays attention to Genotype x Environment interaction: while G E interaction is recognised as an important issue in plant breeding and a justification for PCI, the implications for the design of selection systems with farmer participation, and, eventually the potential of PPB has only been analysed to a limited extend. Questions in relation to materials, breeding strategies and selection procedures to achieve sufficient progress in the different crops and environments are identified; these will however remain unanswered until more experiences from the field are available.''Human-induced land cover changes are causing important effects on the ecological services rendered by mountain ecosystems, and the number of case-studies of the impact of humans on soil erosion and sediment yield has mounted rapidly. In this paper, we present a conceptual model that allows evaluating overall changes in erosion regulation after human disturbances. The basic idea behind this model is that soil erosion mechanisms are independent of human impact, but that the distributions of erosion rates change as a response to human disturbances. Pre-disturbance (or natural) erosion rates are derived from in situ produced 10Be concentrations in river sediment, while post-disturbance (or modern) erosion rates are derived from sedimentation rates in small catchments. In its simplicity, the model uses vegetation cover change as a proxy of human disturbance. The erosion regulation model is here applied in two mountainous regions with different vegetation dynamics, climatic and geological settings: the Austro Ecuatoriano, and the Spanish Betic Cordillera. Natural erosion benchmarks are necessary to assess human-induced changes in erosion rates. While the Spanish Betic Cordillera is commonly characterized as a degraded landscape, there is no significant difference between modern catchment-wide erosion and long-term denudation rates. The opposite is true for the Austro Ecuatoriano where the share of natural erosion in the total modern erosion rate is minimal for most disturbed sites. When pooling pre- and post-disturbance erosion data from both regions, the data suggest that the human acceleration of erosion is related to vegetation disturbances. The empirical regression model predicts human acceleration of erosion, here defined as the ratio of post-disturbance to pre-disturbance (or natural benchmark) erosion rate, as an exponential function of vegetation disturbance. This suggests that the sensitivity to human-accelerated erosion would be ecosystem dependent, and related to the potential vegetation cover disturbances as a result of human impact. It may therefore be expected that the potential for erosion regulation is larger in well-vegetated ecosystem where strong differences may exist in vegetation cover between human disturbed and undisturbed or restored sites.''Based on the analysis of 600 vegetation plots using the method of Braun-Blanquet (1964) the composition of the whole vascular forest plant flora with about 1220 species was studied in the forests of Mt. Kilimanjaro. The altitudinal distribution of all strata (trees, shrubs, epiphytes, lianas and herbs) along a transect of is discussed with respect to altitudinal zonation and ecological factors. With uni-dimensionally constraint clustering significant discontinuities were revealed that occurred simultaneously in the different strata. Thus even in structurally highly complex, multilayered tropical montane forests distinct community units exist that can be surveyed and classified by the Braun-Blanquet approach. This observed zonation was significantly correlated with altitude, temperature and soil acidity (pH); rainfall was of importance in particular for the zonation of epiphytes. Other key factors were humidity (influenced by stable cloud condensation belts) and minimum temperature (in particular the occurrence of frost at altitude upslope). The contrary results of other transect studies in East Africa in respect to continuity of change in floristic composition appear to be caused by different sampling methods and intensities or mixing of data from areas with different climate conditions, whereas species richness did not influence the clarity of floristic discontinuities on Kilimanjaro and other parts of East Africa.''The successional affinity of nine woody species was inferred from the structure, diversity and disturbance history of the vegetation where these occurred. This was done in order to obtain a basis for a restoration experiment, currently in execution, in the dry Andean dwarf forest zone on the edge of the High Plain of (Colombia), at We laid out 101 relevees in grassland and shrubland types in different stages of recovery, and in relatively little disturbed endemic Condalia thomasiana dwarf forest. The disturbance history of sites over the last  was inferred from aerial photograph series CCA and logistic regression were applied to relate species composition to diversity, environment and disturbance history. All species showed a preference for certain structural groups. Also, a clear relation between species occurrence and vegetation diversity was found. Baccharis macrantha, and Dalea coerulea appeared relatively tolerant to grazing, while the remaining seven species reacted negatively. Soil clay content, base availability and organic carbon content was also an important factor for occurrence of each species. Invasion of grasslands by woody species is pioneered by Baccharis macrantha and followed by Dodonaea viscosa. Dalea coerulea was predominantly found on truncated clayey soils, which will probably not support Condalia dwarf forest. The hypothesized classification of the nine planted species to either pioneers or late-successional was fine-tuned. This exploratory study will be of use in the set-up of future succession-based restoration experiments, and for converting exotics afforestations to natural vegetation.''This paper describes global changes in forest cover from 1982 to 1999 based on the 8-km Pathfinder Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) data set. The procedure involves the use of a regression tree in predicting percent tree cover for the years Training data are created from high-resolution imagery and used with phenological metrics derived from the annual AVHRR time series. Using the of estimated tree cover, and based on a thresholding approach, we identified locations where change in tree cover has occurred. The change sites were then compared to a set of high-resolution deforestation analyses to yield area estimates of deforestation and regrowth. Percent tree cover was found to have decreased globally, from the 1980s to 1990s, in contrast to United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) reports of a global increase in forest cover. Latin America and tropical Asia are the two dominant deforestation regions. Paraguay shows the highest rate of forest clearing over the time series, while Indonesia had the greatest increase in deforestation from the 1980s to 1990s. We also suggest that the percent tree-cover maps can be used in standardizing national forest statistics, as an objective means of identifying hot spots of change, and for facilitating ecosystem monitoring.''In upland settings in humid and semihumid temperate and tropical environments, bioturbation is a major factor in the burial of modest architectural remains, which are abundant components of the settlement systems of complex societies. Surface survey, favored by archaeologists of complex societies as a settlement detection method, seldom is appropriate for discovering architectural remains buried through bioturbation. Where the focus of analysis includes settlement represented by architectural remains, surface survey is appropriate only where all or a representative sample of all types of architectural remains are protrusive. describes a relationship (affected by climate, environment, topography, and cultural variables) between the height of a ruined building and the depth of the biomantle, which is the zone of bioturbation. To enable archaeologists to assess the appropriateness of settlement detection procedures, including surface survey, I propose a scheme that classifies architectural remains in terms of their protrusion, building height, and visibility characteristics. The scheme can be employed to determine if and why architectural remains are protrusive in particular study areas. To demonstrate its analytical utility, I apply the scheme and the model of building burial through bioturbation that underlies it to the problem of Maya settlement. I conclude that in the Maya lowlands of Mesoamerica, building remains buried through bioturbation are a more abundant settlement category than many archaeologists have supposed.''The Sora Porzana Carolina is the most abundant rail of North America, and historical records indicate Peru as the southern limit of its wintering range. Here, we present data from three consecutive austral summers (February/2014 to March/2016) recording this species on wetlands in north Peru, which fill a geographic gap of approximately 1000 km between Tumbes and Lima regions. Based on our records and secondary sources for South America, we indicate that Sora probably follows two parallel migration routes in western South America: the Pacific Coast and the Andean routes. Another recent study recorded Sora in Cusco province, which suggests that Peruvian Andes wetlands may currently becoming more important as non-breeding sites for Nearctic migrant waterbirds. Unlike the sites of historical records of Sora in Peru, the wetlands on which this rail was recently recorded have no legal protection, deserving management policies and continued monitoring.''Agricultural research is increasingly a global effort. No country can remain isolated in agricultural research without damaging its capacity to respond to challenges to agricultural productivity. In this paper, we explore the role of botany in the international effort to raise and stabilize farm yields. Given the importance of wild species in crop breeding and the increasing use of wild species to upgrade crops, the value of systematics is underlined. The contribution of plant physiology is also discussed, particularly with reference to mechanisms of resistance to pests and diseases and tolerance to adverse soils and climates. The crucial role of ecological studies based on field work is also underscored, particularly as it applies to wild plants and natural genepools, as well as crop protection. The necessity for continued support of botanical studies and gardens is emphasized in the light of the global effort to conserve and utilize crop genetic diversity. Finally, we examine some developments in mycology and biotechnology that have implications for agriculture and pinpoint opportunities for increased collaboration between botanists and agricultural scientists.''The genetic diversity ofP. lunatus in the Yucatan Peninsula was assessed on the basis of its morphological and phenological characters. Our results were then discussed in relation to ethnobotanic information obtained about the intraspecific diversity recognized by farmers, their selection criteria, agronomic management, production purpose and percentage of cultivated area. Research was undertaken in one of the cultural subareas of Mesoamerica, the Lowland Maya area, where traditional agriculture has been more persistent and where high diversity ofP. lunatus landraces has been recorded. Four of the 13 cultural-geographic zones established for the origin of this culture were included, 160 farmers from 12 localities were interviewed, and 149 seed samples ofP. lunatus germplasm were collected and analyzed using six characters. A subset of these samples was grown under ex situ uniform growth conditions and analyzed using 28 characters. Ethnobotanical and morpho-phenological data indicated 30 putative distinct landraces, two wild, and two weedy variants, suggesting gene flow among them. Richness and diversity estimates were greatest, and evenness lowest, where there was: 1) minimal agricultural intensification, 2) wild and weedy populations, and 3) greater persistence of traditional culture. Results underscored the importance of establishing in situ conservation programs in these areas.Se la diversidad deP. lunatus en la de con base en caracteres y y se discute en a la obtenida acerca de la diversidad reconocida por los campesinos, sus criterios de su manejo el destino de la y el porcentaje de cultivada. La investigation se a cabo en una de las culturales de en donde la agricultura traditional ha sido persistente y en donde se ha reportado alta diversidad de cultivares deP. lunatus: las Tierras Bajas Mayas. Cuatro de las trece zonas establecidas en el origen de esta fueron 160 campesinos de 12 localidades fueron entrevistados y 149 muestras de semilla del germoplasma deP. lunatus fueron analizadas con base en 6 caracteres. Un subconjunto de estas muestras se bajo condiciones de crecimiento ex situ y se usando 28 caracteres. Los datos y indicaron 30 cultivares putativos, dos variantes silvestres y dos arvenses, y flujo entre ellas. La riqueza y la diversidad fue mayor, y el predominio menor, donde hubo: 1) menor intensification 2) poblaciones silvestres y arvenses deP. lunatus, y 3) mayor persistencia de cultura traditional. Los resultados resaltan la importancia de establecer programas de in situ en estas'Large herbivores play crucial ecological roles, affecting the structure and function of terrestrial ecosystems. Their effect, however, depend on how they select plants and vegetation patches for foraging. At the landscape scale, succession is one of the processes that should generate vegetation patches with different nutritional quality, affecting selection by herbivores. Earlier successional stages should be preferred as they are dominated by plants with nutritious and palatable leaves. Here, we investigate if the Lowland tapir prefers early compared to late successional forest patches, aiming at contributing to the understanding of the ecological role of the largest terrestrial South American herbivore, and to conservation strategies for this endangered species. We sampled 12 vegetation patches varying in successional stages across a 20.000-ha continuously-forested landscape in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, recording tapirs through standardized camera trap and track surveys, and quantifying vegetation structure and treefall gaps. Whereas the number of individuals using each patch was not influenced by successional stage, intensity of use was higher in patches in earlier successional stages, in particular patches with higher density of smaller trees and higher cover of treefall gaps. Although inferences on the effects of tapir on plant community depends on future, smaller-scale studies, our results suggest herbivory by tapirs affects forest regeneration, potentially contributing to the maintenance of plant diversity. Results also point out to the potential of mosaics encompassing old-growth and secondary forests for the conservation of the Lowland tapir.''In the eastern Andes of Colombia, the shrub Befaria resinosa (Ericaceae) has peaks of flowering that are separated by extended periods of low flower production. The effect that these fluctuations in flower production have on pollen flow was investigated by using fluorescent dye as a pollen analog. Dye applied to open flowers was dispersed over long distances more often during low flower production than during high flower production. Whether enhanced pollen dispersal during flowering lows is of benefit to individual plants is not clear. The proportion of flowers that set fruit is positively correlated with flower abundance, negating the possibility that increased pollen dispersal results in a higher rate of fruit production due to outbreeding effects. It is also difficult to attribute the pattern of fruit production to changes in pollinator visitation rates, which are negatively correlated with flower abundance in the case of hummingbirds and not correlated at all with flower abundance in the case of insects. An opportunistic, large-bodied hummingbird (Colibri coruscans) visits B. resinosa during high flowering and may be a particularly effective pollinator, accounting for some of the increase in the proportion of flowers setting fruit. Rainfall is positively correlated with flower production and may be an important factor in shaping flowering phenology, but it is not significantly correlated with the proportion of flowers setting fruits. The possibility that low-level flowering may counteract inbreeding that results from peak flowering is discussed.''Until recently the genus Cynomops (Chiroptera: Molossidae) comprised six species of fast flying, aerial insectivorous bats distributed throughout the Neotropics. However, our revisionary study have shown that the diversity of this taxon was underestimated as molecular and morphological data supported the recognition of C. milleri as a full species and revealed two previously unrecognized small species of Cynomops. These newly recognized taxa are Cynomops freemani sp. nov. from the Canal Zone region, Panama, sister taxon to C. mexicanus, and Cynomops tonkigui sp. nov. from the eastern Andes of Ecuador and Colombia, sister taxon of C. milleri. We also describe the calls of Cynomops freemani sp. nov. that may be useful for the recognition of this species during field inventories based on ultrasonic recording techniques. We elevate the currently known diversity of Cynomops to eight species, as we also revalidate C. milleri providing an emended diagnosis and a redescription of this taxon.'"As part of an integrated forest vegetation and soil survey, tree species composition (DBH cm) was recorded in 95 plots of 0.1 ha, distributed over the principal physiographic units in the middle area, Colombian Amazonia. A total of 1077 tree species was found, classified into 271 genera and 60 families. Leguminosae and Sapotaceae show high familial importance values in all physiographic units. Lauraceae, Chrysobalanaceae, Moraceae, and Lecythidaceae are more important on well drained (flood plain or upland) soils, while Palmae, Guttiferae, Bombacaceae, and Apocynaceae are more important in swamps and on podzolised sand'rs) soils. Plots on well drained soils show a lower degree of dominance than plots in swamps or on podzolised soils. The composition of the most dominant species in the plots changes continuously. Most species (59%) are only recorded in one plot. Individual plot pairs generally show a low overlap of about tree species, resulting in Jaccard coefficients below 20%.complementary to a previous forest classification based on TWINSPAN analyses, detrended and canonical correspondence analyses were carried out, using CANOCO 3.1. Despite of a low amount of tree species variance explained (only 6.2% by the first two canonical axes), meaningful patterns of tree species composition were recognised. These are most strongly related to drainage, flooding, humus forms, and soil nutrient status. Forest types are well separated in the CCA ordination diagram. The most frequently found tree species are listed according to their preference with respect to drainage, flooding, and soil nutrient status.Tree species composition in the well drained upland forests was analysed separately. In view of the model explaining high NW Amazonian tree species diversity on the basis of dense community packing and high beta diversity along soil gradients, the canonical analysis here focused on the effect of soils. By means of partial canonical ordination it was found that patterns of tree species composition depended significantly on soil properties, even though the edaphic component explains only a small fraction of the tree species variance. The results show that the well drained uplands of the middle area are covered by a complex of two intergrading tree species assemblages. The first assemblage (community of Goupia glabra-Clathrotropis macrocarpa) is associated to some-what less poor, clayey soils developed in Andean origin deposits or Tertiary sediments from the Pebas formation. The second assemblage (community of Swartzia schomburgkii-Clathrotropis macrocarpa) shows affinities to very poor, loamy soils developed in parent materials derived from the Guiana shield. This simple dichotomous pattern of geology, soils, and forest types is incompatible with concepts of high soil heterogeneity and associated beta diversity controlling tree species diversity in well drained uplands of NW Amazonia. The gradient length of tree species in the detrended correspondence analysis was low (3.7 SD), also suggesting a low beta diversity."'Forest biomes have expanded and contracted in response to past climate fluctuations, but it is not clear how they will respond to human-induced atmospheric change. We provide a review of the literature, describing historical links between biogeographical and atmospheric patterns, comparing characteristics of forest biomes and describing expected changes in climate forcings from observed range shifts. Over the geological history, climate fluctuations prompted changes in forest distribution that, in turn, stabilized the atmosphere. Over the past century, warming-induced stress has caused widespread declines of mature forests, but new forests have expanded into open areas of boreal, tropical and temperate regions. Historically, forest expansion happened at much faster rates in cold than in warm regions. Across biomes, species interactions control the use of limiting resources, regulating community dynamics and expansion rates in response to climate variability. Modern impacts of land use change on the distribution of forest biomes are well understood, but the expansion of new forests and their role in stabilizing the atmosphere are yet to be accounted for in global models. Expansion of tropical and temperate forests would yield a negative climate forcing through increased carbon sequestration and evaporative cooling, but in the boreal region forest expansion could amplify climate warming due to changes in albedo. Although qualitative descriptions of forest-atmosphere interactions are possible based on existing records, the net climate forcing from forest range shifts remains uncertain. Three critical gaps in knowledge hinder rigorous evaluations of causality necessary to probe for linkages between climatic and biogeographical patterns: (i) reconstructions of vegetation dynamics have not sufficiently represented warm biomes; (ii) climate and vegetation dynamics are typically assessed at non-comparable scales; and (iii) single-proxies are normally used to simultaneously infer changes in climate and vegetation distribution, leading to redundancy in interpretation. Addressing these issues would improve our ability to decipher past and predict future outcomes of forest-atmosphere interactions.''BackgroundWorldwide, the number of wild and domesticated food species is declining, which endangers dietary diversity of particularly indigenous people. Unfortunately, eating culture and traditional knowledge is also hampered when food species are no longer available.MethodsThis study reports the food biodiversity in Guasaganda, Central Ecuador, using a combination of methods aiming to inform local initiatives.Results and discussionThe number of species includes 49 wild, 41 cultivated, and 28 semi-cultivated plants and 13 wild, 9 domesticated, and 1 semi-domesticated animal species. Although, Guasaganda is a hot spot of plant and animal diversity, a limited number of plant (3.00 SD 1.45) and animal species (2.37 SD 1.44) are available at the farm.ConclusionIncreasing the number of edible species in the food system is imperative for dietary diversity. Further research should document the consumption of the reported foods, and the nutrient and biochemical content to assess nutrient adequacy of the diet.'Abstract not available'The Amazon basin is widely recognized for its high biological and cultural diversity, enabling the provision of many ecosystem services. This study explores social perceptions of some of the features of biodiversity and ecosystem services in a tropical forest in Sangay Parish, Ecuador. Following a survey of residents, we identified three groups whose perceptions vary in relation to socioeconomic characteristics, cultural backgrounds, lifestyles, and the benefits obtained from the Sangay forest. Mestizo professionals, with a better socioeconomic situation, identify more regulation and cultural services; Shuar farmers have a comprehensive knowledge of biodiversity features and rely on provisioning services; and Shuar gatherers consume more forest products but are the least likely to formally recognize ecosystem services. We emphasize the importance of identifying social groups within a population and understanding their particular characteristics and perspectives before developing conservation and land use planning policies.''The variety of interactions between human cultures and herpetofauna is the subject matter of Ethnoherpetology, a subdivision of Ethnozoology. In the semi-arid region of Brazil, many reptiles interact with human communities because of their utility or because of the risks they represent. These interactions have obvious implications for the conservation of reptiles from this region.In this context, ethnoherpetology studies are crucial because they serve as subsidies for guiding strategies for the handling and conservation of reptiles. This paper presents ethnozoological and taxonomic informations of hunted reptiles in the semiarid region of Brazil and analyse the implications on conservation that are related to the interactions between people and reptiles in this region. Taxonomic keys to identifying recorded reptiles are provided. Records of humans interacting with 38 reptile species that belong to 31 genuses and 16 families have been found. The groups with the largest numbers of recorded species were snakes (18 species), and this group was followed in number by lizards (13), chelonians (4), and crocodilians (3). The reptiles that were recorded may be used for the following purposes: medicinal purposes (24 species), food (13 species), ornamental or decorative purposes (11 species), in magical/religious practices (10 species), and as pets (10 species). Some species may have multiple uses. Furthermore, more than half of the species are commonly killed because they are considered potentially dangerous. Strategies for conserving the reptiles of the Brazilian semi-arid region must reconcile and integrate human and conservation needs.''The main constraint and continuing threat to cocoa production in Latin America is disease caused by two basidiomycete fungi belonging to the genus Crinipellis (Agaricales), both of which are currently on an invasive front. Classical biological control, in which coevolved natural enemies are considered to offer the most potential for sustainable control of invasive alien organisms, is investigated as a management strategy. Our initial approach has been to search for the suspected coevolved host (Theobroma gileri) of one of these pathogens, Crinipellis roreri, the causal agent of frosty pod rot, in the mesic forests of north-west Ecuador; to isolate the endophytes and mycoparasites associated with both host and pathogen; to screen selected fungi in the greenhouse and laboratory, in order to determine their biocontrol potential. Endophytes were isolated directly in the field from healthy tree boles and pods, and over 40 genera were recorded, mainly representing anamorphs of Hypocreales in the genera Acremonium, Clonostachys, Trichoderma and Verticillium, as well as basidiomycetes belonging to the Agaricales and Polyporales. Of the endophytic fungi tested, most can be inoculated into and recovered from asymptomatic cocoa seedlings. Twenty-eight mycoparasitic species were isolated from diseased pods and selected mycoparasites as well as endophytes were screened against C. roreri using the pre-colonised plate method. Consistently high mycoparasitism of the C. roreri pseudostroma was demonstrated, particularly by a complex of Clonostachys and Trichoderma species.''A taxonomic review of the Vaccinieae (Ericaceae) from the region known as (Antioquia Department, Colombia) is presented. This area has the highest generic and specific diversity of Vaccinieae known in the Neotropics, with 10 genera and 45 species.Cavendishia antioquiensis, C. viridiflora, Psammisia citrina, andP. mediobullata are newly described and illustrated.Cavendishia sessiliflora andSatyria latifolia are redescribed from complete collections. Pollination by hummingbirds in neotropical Vaccinieae is discussed and nectar content is reported for the first time for 26 species.''Ensemble seasonal integrations are carried out with the COLA GCM, with a view to understand the dynamical connection between warm SST anomalies in the equatorial central-eastern Pacific Ocean and the upper level stationary wave anomalies seen during drought years over the Indian summer monsoon region. In addition, experiments with and without orography are performed in order to examine the role of the Himalayas in modulating the El induced stationary wave anomalies over the summer monsoon region.The GCM simulations show a statistically significant weakening of the summer monsoon activity over India in response to the SST forcing in the equatorial Pacific Ocean. This weakening of the summer monsoon appears to be largely related to modifications of the local Hadley and Walker cells over the summer monsoon region. In addition, it is seen that the anomalous ENSO divergent forcing over the tropical Pacific Ocean can act as a potential source for Rossby wave dispersion. Here one finds the possibility of meridionally propagating Rossby waves, which emanate from the ENSO forcing region, to interact with the subtropical westerlies and generate anomalous highs and lows in the subtropics and extratropics. The quasi-stationary perturbations seen over west Asia, Pakistan and northwest India during drought years, seem to be generated by the above mechanism. An alternate mechanism that could be important for the persistence of the quasi-stationary perturbations seems to be based on the dynamic excitation of middle latitude normal modes which can extract energy from the zonally varying unstable basic flow.It is seen from the GCM simulations, that the Himalayan orography plays a crucial role in anchoring the El induced extratropical westerly troughs far to the west in the high latitude belt. In the absence of orography it is seen that the ENSO induced extra-tropical cyclonic anomalies tend to intrude southward into the monsoon region thereby destroying the regional scale circulations completely. Another effect due to the Himalayas is to generate lee waves on the eastern side of the topographic barrier which encircle the globe in the subtropics and midlatitudes.'"Mount Kawa Karpo of the Menri ('Medicine Mountains' in Tibetan), in the eastern Himalayas, is one of the most sacred mountains to Tibetan Buddhists. Numerous sacred sites are found between 1900 and and at higher elevations the area as a whole is considered a sacred landscape. Religious beliefs may affect the ecology of these sacred areas, resulting in unique ecological characteristics of importance to conservation; recent studies have demonstrated that sacred areas can often play a major role in conservation. The goal of this study is to preliminarily analyze the vegetation of sacred areas in the Menri region using existing vegetation maps and a Geographical Information System (GIS) for remote assessment. Sacred sites are compared to random points in the landscape, in terms of: elevation, vegetation, and nearness to villages; species composition, diversity, and richness; and frequency of useful and endemic plant species. Detrended correspondence analysis (DCA) ordination reveals that sacred sites differ significantly in both useful species composition (p=0.034) and endemic species composition (p=0.045). Sacred sites are located at lower elevations, and closer to villages, than randomly selected, non-sacred sites and have higher overall species richness (p=0.033) and diversity (p=0.042). In addition, the high-elevation areas of the mountain - a sacred landscape - are found to have significantly more endemics than low-elevation areas (p<0.0001). These findings represent an initial analysis of sacred sites and suggest that sacred sites in the Menri region may be ecologically and ethnobotanically unique."Abstract not available'Many scholars call for the establishment of one kind of formal ownership, privatization, or community the way to solve problems associated with high levels of deforestation. This will not work without extensive and consistent monitoring of forest use. In this article, we draw on analyses of time-series remote images, on-the-ground social-ecological surveys of local stakeholders and their forests, and experimental laboratory studies to show that forests may not be protected in practice when tenure alone is deemed to be the When users themselves consider the rules in place to be legitimate, they are frequently willing to engage themselves in monitoring and sanctioning of uses considered illegal, even when related to government-owned property. When users are genuinely engaged in decisions about rules affecting their use, the likelihood of users to follow the rules and monitor others is much greater than when an external authority simply imposes rules. Simple formulas focusing on formal ownership, particularly ones based solely on public ownership of forested lands, will not solve the problems of resource overuse.''In this study, historical landscape dynamics were investigated to (i) map the land use/cover types for the years 1972, 1987, 2000 and 2014; (ii) determine the types and processes of landscape dynamics; and (iii) assess the landscape fragmentation and habitat loss over time. Supervised classification of multi-temporal Landsat images was used through a pixel-based approach. methods included systematic and random change detection, trajectories analysis and landscape fragmentation assessment. The overall accuracies (and Kappa statistics) were of 68.86% (0.63), 91.32% (0.79), 90.66% (0.88) and 91.88% (0.89) for 1972, 1987, 2000 and 2014, respectively. The spatio-temporal analyses indicated that forests, woodlands and savannahs dominated the landscapes during the four dates, though constant areal decreases were observed. The most important dynamic process was the decline of woodlands with an average annual net loss rate Meanwhile, the most important land transformation occurred during the transition due to anthropogenic pressures. Though the most important loss of vegetation greenness occurred in the unprotected areas, the overall analyses of change indicated a declining trend of land cover quality and an increasing landscape fragmentation. Sustainable conservation strategies should be promoted while focusing restoration attention on degraded lands and fragmented ecosystems in order to support rural livelihood and biodiversity conservation.'Abstract not available'The dry forest of the Peruvian south coast has undergone an almost total process of deforestation. Populations here have increased exponentially through immigration supplying labour to urban coastal development, and demonstrably unsustainable agro-industrial expansion for export markets. Society has become dislocated from local traditions of environmental and resource management whilst still retaining a wealth of Andean agricultural expertise. Indigenous communities still hold on to vestiges of traditional knowledge. Relicts of natural vegetation, traditional agriculture and agrobiodiversity continue to sustain ecosystem services. Moreover, offer livelihood options and resources for restoration. These aspects reflect a long cultural trajectory, including famous extinct cultures such as Nasca, that evolved within an ever-changing riparian and agricultural landscape influenced by external forces and which incorporated important processes of plant domestication and adaptation to climatic oscillation.Here, we present an ecosystem approach to vegetation restoration and sustainable resource management in Ica, Peru, based on wide interdisciplinary biodiversity inventory and study, where school, community and agro-industry engagement is seen as a prerequisite for success. The approach demonstrated significant plant establishment in this hyperarid region using appropriate low-technology techniques of planting and irrigation with minimum watering. Restoration of a highly degraded environment built upon vegetation relicts followed a strategy of cultural capacity building and environmental engagement, including the development of sustainable forest products, festivals, schools programmes, didactic publications for local use, and collaboration with local communities, landowners, agribusiness and governmental authorities. Plant conservation must re-engage people with their natural heritage by dissemination of information for vegetation restoration and management integrated to dynamics of ecosystem function within its wide local cultural and historical context.''This paper critically analyses the potentials and frontiers of an agribusiness model developed along the arid coastal area of Peru. To make this model work, water from Andean rivers and lakes have been dammed and transferred to the coastal area through sophisticated and highly expensive hydraulic infrastructures. Although this (WATA) model has attained its objectives to let the desert bloom and increase agro-exports from Peru, it does so at the cost of local environmental degradation, social unrest and gender disparities. These unintended consequences arose, in part, because the WATA model is anchored in ideologies of domination of nature and colonization of empty territories. The construction of water infrastructure, namely Scale (LSI) left aside the sociocultural, gender and environmental aspects that these kinds of interventions should include. Based on studies of water transfer from the Colca River to the de in the Arequipa region in the south-west of Peru, this paper analyses, from an interdisciplinary perspective, the consequences of such interventions on the food/water security and environmental health of the affected population.''Orobanchaceae, as it is currently defined, includes all levels of parasitic ability ranging from nonparasitic (Lindenbergia) to facultative and obligate hemiparasites to obligate holoparasites. Several genera are of economic importance as crop weeds and have been studied by scientists interested in developing methods of control, but most genera have not been studied in a comparative framework. In this study we have used ITS sequence data to build a phylogenetic framework with which to examine previous systematic hypotheses of relationships among genera, and biogeographic hypotheses of either a Cretaceous, Gondwanan or mid-Tertiary, Laurasian origin of the family. A single-most parsimonious ITS tree was produced from a combined data set of nucleotides and gap characters. Our results support the current classification ofOrobanchaceae and a hypothesis of a mid-Tertiary, Laurasian origin of the family.''Four previously much confused species of Lecythis, which form a coherent group of species collectively known in Brazil as are described and differentiated in a key. A summary of their pollination and dispersal is presented as well as of their present-day distributions in relation to past geological and climatological events. Fruit variability, the cause of name proliferation in this group, is described and related to the problem of species concepts in the Lecythidaceae.''Many development projects intended to exploit natural resourcesare occurring in fragile ecosystems, and therefore the need forsound biodiversity assessment and monitoring programs is growing.Large mammals are important components of these fragile ecosystems, yet there are few strategies that attempt to assess and monitor entire large mammal communities in relation to development projects. We propose the use of two indices applied within a framework of adaptive management. An occurrence indexassesses the composition and distribution of large mammals at a site, and an abundance index monitors the abundance of large mammals over time in relation to development. We discuss the design, applicability and effectiveness of these indices based onour experience with a natural gas development project in the Amazon forests of southeastern Peru.'Abstract not available'In this study, we examined the influence of demographic and environmental variables on the life histories of six remnant populations of the Andean catfishAstroblepus ubidiai (Actinopterygii; Siluriform) located in isolated refuges, and tested six predictions on the relationships between age at maturity, generation time, population density and juvenile and adult growth and survival rates. The three populations inhabiting the watershed with a direct connection to a major lake (Imbakucha) exhibited later maturity, a longer generation time, higher adult survivorship, a higher adult-to-juvenile survival ratio and lower biomass density than those of the adjacent, non-lacustrine watersheds. Across all six populations, there was a strong correlation between mean age at maturity and both the adult-to-juvenile survival ratio and biomass density. Study populations also showed a pattern of inverse density-dependence associated with Allee effects. We conclude that without limitations in the availability of environmental resources, higher population density can be negatively related to age at maturity. This relationship would be expected to become positive when carrying capacity of the systems is reached. Delayed maturity in the Imbakucha populations may be an adaptive response for increasing juvenile survival under stressful conditions.'Abstract not available'The city of Panama was founded on 15 August 1519 and was the first Spanish port on the American Pacific coast. In 1671 the city was destroyed by the pirate Henry Morgan. The archaeological site of Viejo was declared a World Heritage Site by the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in 2003. The archaeological department of Patronato Viejo, the institution responsible for site management, has designed a long-term plan that involves survey, excavation, analysis, conservation, curation of collections, education, and general and specialized promotion. The site-management structure, including fundraising, is innovative and original for the region. This paper presents a synthesis of more than a decade of archaeological research at the site, the legal framework in which it takes place, and its significance in the regional context.''The understanding of the spatial and temporal patterns in land use and land cover (LULC) change is a key issue for conservation efforts. In the Chilean hotspot, different studies have attempted to understand variations of LULC change. Nevertheless, a broader understanding of common patterns and variability of LULC over the entire range of the hotspot is lacking. We performed a complete review of the different studies reporting LULC changes and performed a joint analysis of their results using an integrated comprehensive approach. We related the variation of LULC change to latitude, time period and vascular plant richness using generalized linear models. Overall, there were nine studies, which covered of the study area, and reported the loss of of native forest between 1973 and 2011. The highest net forest loss was observed in the period. This decreased in the period and rose again in the period. This result reveals a continuous forest loss in the last Conversion of native forest to shrublands is the most important contributor to net native forest loss, accounting for of the loss. However, in the area of greatest species richness native forests are mainly converted to exotic tree plantations. Chilean forestry model has proved successful in expanding exotic tree plantation, but so far it has not been compatible with native forest conservation and restoration. It is imperative to design a new forestry policy to assure the conservation of one of the most unique biodiversity hotspots worldwide.''The intricate relationship between biodiversity loss and human well-being is increasingly being understood in ecological and economic terms. Despite the knowledge of the multiple dimensions of this relationship and its importance, species and ecosystems are still disappearing at an alarming rate. Anthropogenic pressures are the prime reason for this trend, yet attempts to reduce such pressures and conserve species in protected areas have only achieved limited success. This has led to the realization that sustainable consumptive use approaches that can combine production and conservation functions are also important in conserving biodiversity in human-dominated landscapes. Agroforestry, as part of a multifunctional working landscape, can play a major role in conserving and even enhancing biodiversity from farms to the landscape level in both tropical and temperate regions of the world. This special issue is an attempt to bring together a collection of articles that not only explore and demonstrate the biodiversity benefits of agroforestry, but also the mechanisms by which agroforestry systems sustain such high floristic and faunal diversity. While it is important to conserve biodiversity in protected areas, the articles in the special issue reiterate the importance of agroforestry as a critical tool in conserving biodiversity in human-dominated landscapes.''Demographic parameters of birds are essential to understand their ecology and delineate conservation and management plans. This becomes especially important in highly altered biomes such as the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, since the few remaining fragments bear mostly secondary forests where demographic parameters might differ from old-growth forests. Few studies about territory sizes and density have been conducted for entire bird communities or groups of species in the Neotropical region, with a bias towards Central America and the Amazon. In this work we determined territories of Atlantic Forest birds in order to assess their size and density. We conducted spot-mapping in a rectangular 40-ha plot within a 384-ha of secondary semideciduous forest fragment in region, state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. We identified 260 territories of 30 species of insectivorous birds. Mean territory size of all species was 2.4 ha, ranging from 0.5 to 7.5 ha. The mean density for all species was 21.7 pairs/100 ha, ranging from 2.5 to 72.5 pairs. The sizes of the territories of many Atlantic Forest birds were by far smaller, and the density higher, than those of conspecific or congeneric species from Amazonian or Central American forests. These geographical differences in territory size and density can be explained by at least two non-exclusive hypotheses: 1) higher primary and secondary productivity in advanced successional secondary forest fragments and; 2) density compensation, given the loss of other competitor species.''To determine the relationship between first service conception rate (FSC) and the postpartum period (PP), 6160 calvings from 2250 crossbred dual-purpose cows were analysed. The effects of breed predominance (BT: Bos taurus and BI: Bos indicus), season of service (dry, intermediate and humid), parity (1 or 2 and more), agroecological region (Sub-humid and Dry Tropical Forest) and milk production were studied. The postpartum period was grouped according to the service interval as G1 60 days (n = 1889); G2 > 60 90 days (n = 1436); G3 > 90 120 days (n = 1030); and G4 > 120 days (n = 1805). Data were analysed by chi-squared test. The overall mean for FSC was 58.2% and was lower in G1 (p < 0.01). All PP showed a breed effect on FSC, with mean values of 61.6% and 53.3% for BI and BT, respectively. Season of service also affected FSC, which was significantly lower during the humid period: 51.2% versus 57.4% and 61.5% for the intermediate and dry periods (p < 0.01), respectively. Parity and environmental effects were not observed on FSC. Levels of milk yield did influence the FSC, which decreased from 66.7% and 61.0% for milk yields of < 1500 kg and between 1501 and 2000 kg to 46.0% in milk yields > 2000 kg (p < 0.01).''The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) or based on the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) aboard the NOAA-7 satellite, has been widely interpreted as a measure of regional to global vegetation patterns. This study provides the first rigorous, quantitative evaluation of global relationships between the NDVI and geographically representative vegetation data-bases, including field metabolic measurements and carbon-balance results from global simulation models. Geographic reliability of the NDVI is judged by comparing NDVI values for different surface types with a general global trend and by statistical analysis of relationships to biomass amounts, net and gross primary productivity, and actual evapotranspiration. NDVI data appear to be relatively reliable predictors of primary productivity except in areas of complex terrain, for seasonal values at high latitudes, and in extreme deserts. The strength of the NDVI-productivity relationship seems comparable to that of earlier climate-based productivity models. Little consistent relationship was found, across different vegetation types, between NDVI and biomass amounts or net biospheric CO2 flux.''Organic nutrients have proven to contribute significantly to nutrient cycling in temperate forest ecosystems. Still, little is known about their relevance in the tropics. In the present study, organic C, N, S and P were analysed in rainfall, throughfall, litter percolate and soil solution of a montane rainforest at Tanzania. The aim was to determine the amounts of organic nutrients in different water pathways and to assess the influence of forest disturbance on organic nutrients by comparing mature forests, secondary forests and shrub vegetation in clearings. Concentrations of all studied elements increased from rainfall to throughfall and litter percolate and then exhibited a rapid decrease in the mineral soil. Concentrations of organic P were above the detection limit only in the litter percolate. Organic N (ON) as a fraction of total N increased from 50% in rainfall to 66% in throughfall followed by a decline to 39% in the litter percolate of the mature forest. Similarly, proportions of organic S and P amounted to 43 and 34%, respectively, in the litter percolate in mature forest. For ON, this proportion further decreased to less than 10% in the soil solution. The latter was probably attributable to a high sorption capacity of the studied Andisols, which led to overall low organic element concentrations in the soil solution (OC: ON: at soil depth) as compared to other temperate and tropical forest ecosystems. Organic element concentrations were higher in litter percolate and soil solution under the clearings, but there were no differences in the relative contribution of these elements. Organic nutrient forms at appeared to be much less susceptible to leaching than their inorganic forms.'" Because the world's forests play a major role in regulating nutrient and carbon cycles, there is much interest in estimating their biomass. Estimates of aboveground biomass based on well-established methods are relatively abundant; estimates of root biomass based on standard methods are much less common. The goal of this work was to determine if a reliable method to estimate root biomass density for forests could be developed based on existing data from the literature. The forestry literature containing root biomass measurements was reviewed and summarized and relationships between both root biomass density (Mg and root:shoot ratios (R/S) as dependent variables and various edaphic and climatic independent variables, singly and in combination, were statistically tested. None of the tested independent variables of aboveground biomass density, latitude, temperature, precipitation, temperature:precipitation ratios, tree type, soil texture, and age had important explanatory value for R/S. However, linear regression analysis showed that aboveground biomass density, age, and latitudinal category were the most important predictors of root biomass density, and together explained 84% of the variation. A comparison of root biomass density estimates based on our equations with those based on use of generalized R/S ratios for forests in the United States indicated that our method tended to produce estimates that were about 20% higher.""The Neotropical group of Ericaceae offers a variety of floral displays. Here we present data on floral characteristics and breeding system of Disterigma stereophyllum, a Neotropical epiphyte Ericaceae abundant in semi-disturbed areas with pollinator unpredictability. Floral characteristics are intermediate between those typical of bee- and hummingbird-pollinated plants: the corolla is short, white, and urceolate, but the composition and amount of nectar are similar to those typically observed in hummingbird-pollinated species. Plants are capable of autonomously self-pollination, but manual outcrossing yielded more than twice as many fruits as self hand-pollination did. Moreover, outcross pollen grows more rapidly than self pollen down the style. Our results provide another example of a species with a ``mixed pollination syndrome'' which is cryptically self-incompatible and preferably attracts high-energy pollinators (hummingbirds), but which can also profit from small bee visitors and retains the ability to self-pollinate just in case. We hypothesize that interaction among several factors, including self pollinating possibility, and the capacity to attract a wide pollinator spectrum, may result in a lack of strong selection for a bee vs. a hummingbird floral morphology, thus allowing the persistence of mixed floral traits in these ericads. The maintenance of these traits may enhance the ability of this species to colonize semi-disturbed areas."deficiens Parodi and C. floribunda Guerreiro & described as endemic to Argentina, are cited for the first time in Bolivia. Morphological diagnostic characters as well as those related to the ecology of C. deficiens and C. floribunda are compared in a table with those of allied and sympatric species. Also, a map showing their updated distribution is included.''We examined the effect of seed ingestion by three ateline primates: woolly monkeys, Lagothrix lagothricha; spider monkeys, Ateles belzebuth; and, red howler, Alouatta seniculus on germination rates and latency periods of seeds of several plant species in Tinigua National Park, Colombia. We collected dispersed seeds from feces and control seeds from the parental trees and washed them for germination trials. For the majority of plants, dispersed seeds germinated as well or better than control seeds did. Although spider monkeys depend more heavily on fruits than the other monkey species do, they were not more efficient than howlers or woolly monkeys at improving germination rates. A considerable proportion of the seeds dispersed by howlers and woolly monkeys showed reduced latency periods to germination, but spider monkeys showed less effect on reducing germination time. This result may be related to longer gut retention times, but such a trend has not been observed in other primate species. We conclude that, like many other primates, ateline monkeys are effective seed dispersers in terms of their effects on the seeds they swallow because they rarely decrease their germination rates. We discuss problems that make interspecific comparisons difficult, such as inappropriate control seeds and differences associated with germination substrates, and we stress the importance of studying other components of seed dispersal effectiveness.''Humans utilise about 40% of the net primary production (NPP) but the products of this NPP are often managed by different sectors, with timber and forest products managed by the forestry sector and food and fibre products from croplands and grasslands managed by the agricultural sector. Other significant anthropogenic impacts on the global carbon cycle include human utilization of fossil fuels and impacts on less intensively managed systems such as peatlands, wetlands and permafrost. A great deal of knowledge, expertise and data is available within each sector. We describe the contribution of sectoral carbon budgets to our understanding of the global carbon cycle. Whilst many sectors exhibit similarities for carbon budgeting, some key differences arise due to differences in goods and services provided, ecology, management practices used, land-management personnel responsible, policies affecting land management, data types and availability, and the drivers of change. We review the methods and data sources available for assessing sectoral carbon budgets, and describe some of key data limitations and uncertainties for each sector in different regions of the world. We identify the main gaps in our knowledge/data, show that coverage is better for the developed world for most sectors, and suggest how sectoral carbon budgets could be improved in the future. Research priorities include the development of shared protocols through site networks, a move to full carbon accounting within sectors, and the assessment of full greenhouse gas budgets.'are inhabitants of the Atlantic Forest coast in SE Brazil. We studied the uses of plants by five communities and compared medicinal plant citations by informants in coastal and island communities. We use diversity indices to evaluate the use of plants and to compare communities. There is a high diversity of plants used in the Atlantic Forest coasts: we found 276 species used for food, medicine and construction. rely on folk medicine, and medicinal plants were especially cited in interviews. Following predictions of island biogeography theory, we found a lower diversity of medicinal plants cited in islands compared to continental communities.''In a pristine evergreen rainforest of Nothofagus betuloides, located at the Cordillera de los Andes in southern Chile concentrations and fluxes of nutrients in bulk precipitation, cloud water, throughfall water, stemflow water, soil infiltration and percolation water and runoff water were measured. The main objectives of this study were to investigate interactions and to calculate budgets. From May 1999 till April 2000, the experimental watershed received water (86% incident precipitation, 14% cloud water), of which the canopy intercepted 16%. Runoff water volume amounted Bulk deposition of inorganic (DIN) and organic (DON) nitrogen amounted and respectively. Occult deposition contributes for 40% to the atmospheric nitrogen input deposition) of the forest. An important part of the atmospheric ammonium deposition is retained within the canopy or converted to nitrate or organic nitrogen by epiphytic bacteria or lichens. Also the export of inorganic and organic nitrogen via runoff is lower than the input to the forest floor via throughfall and stemflow water and The low concentrations of NO-3 and NH+4 under the rooting depth suggest an effective biological immobilization by vegetation and soil microflora. Dry deposition and foliar leaching of base cations (K+, Ca2+, Mg2+) was estimated using a canopy budget model. Bulk deposition accounted for about 50% of the total atmospheric input. Calculated dry and occult deposition are both of equal value (about 25%). Foliar leaching of K+, Ca2+, and Mg2+ accounted for 45%, 38% and 6% of throughfall deposition respectively. On an annual basis, the experimental watershed was a net source for Na+, Ca2+ and Mg2+.''As human populations grow, so do the resource demands imposed on ecosystems and the impacts of our global footprint. Natural resources are not invulnerable, nor infinitely available. The environmental impacts of anthropogenic actions are becoming more apparent air and water quality are increasingly compromised, pests and diseases are extending beyond their historical boundaries, and deforestation is exacerbating flooding downstream and loss of biodiversity. Society is increasingly becoming aware that ecosystem services are not only limited, but also that they are threatened by human activities. The need to better consider long-term ecosystem health and its role in enabling human habitation and economic activity is urgent. In this context IRI conducts research to understand the impact of climate and environmental changes on different sectors including agriculture, water management, human health, and natural disasters. Through exhaustive, rigorous evaluation, analysis and interpretation of remotely-sensed products and in-situ measurements, IRI ensures its partners have access to the most reliable and relevant information about the climate and environment in a format that best informs their decision making and planning. We focus on monitoring satellite-derived and in-situ estimates of precipitation, temperature, vegetation, water bodies, evapotranspiration, and land cover. Ultimately, the new products developed at IRI in partnership with other institutions at national (e.g. NOAA, NASA, USGS) and international (e.g. National Meteorology Agencies, UN FAO) levels are integrated into operational early-warning systems for health, natural disasters, agriculture, and food security. The new products which monitor in almost real-time climate and environmental conditions are made available through two online data bases at IRI called IRI Data Library and Map Room. In this paper we present the products developed at IRI and how they are integrated into Early Warning Systems (EWS). We also discuss experience in linking EWS into decisions and policies using the fire early warning system as a concrete example.''Butterflies are widely studied due to their key ecosystem functions. For this reason, they are used in ecosystem assessment, formulating conservation plans and in raising the environmental awareness. Quantification of different factors affecting diversity of butterflies is important for their effective conservation. In this study, we investigated abiotic and biotic factors affecting species richness and community composition of butterflies along an elevational gradient in Manang region, central Nepal. We also tested if butterfly species follow the rule. A total of 57 butterfly species belonging to 39 genera and 8 families were recorded in the study area. Out of a total of 127 plant species identified in the study region, only 67 plant species were visited by butterflies as nectar sources. Species richness of butterflies increased with increasing elevation. Species richness was significantly higher in places with shrubs compared to other places and also in autumn than in summer. Species richness of butterflies also depended on composition of plant species occurring at the localities. Butterfly species composition varied among sampling localities. It was also determined by habitat type, elevation, sampling time, plant species and interactions of elevation time. The relationship between butterfly size and elevation was in the opposite direction than expected according to the rule. In conclusion, protection of butterfly diversity can only be achieved by protecting different habitats across the diverse physiography of the region and different plant species, in particular herbs and shrubs. Our results do not support the rule for butterflies along an elevational gradient in our region.''Myrtaceae is one of the richest families in the Atlantic Forest, a priority biodiversity hotspot that continues to be highly threatened, subject to rapid urbanisation and high levels of resource exploitation. Authors have suggested that individual lineages can be used as models to study biome evolution and ecology and to provide data for conservation planning in these areas. Here we review how Myrtaceae fit the criteria and examine the distribution throughout the Brazilian Atlantic Forest answering the questions: What is the ecological representation of Myrtaceae in the Atlantic Forest?; What is the current taxonomic situation of Myrtaceae in the biome?; What is the current phylogenetic understanding in the family?; Does the historical timeframe of the lineage coincide with that of the biome?; Can Myrtaceae be used to discuss species diversity hotspots within the Atlantic forests?; What is the role of Myrtaceae in conservation strategy? And finally, Can Myrtaceae be used as a taxon? The concept of the is also discussed. The review concludes that taxonomic and phlyogenetic understanding in Myrtaceae are rapidly increasing, giving hope that taxonomic stability, easy species identification and management are realistic in a way unthinkable only a few decades ago. Myrtaceae function well as a within the Atlantic forest but fit some criteria better than others. Taxa can qualify as representing different times and pressures in the history of a given biome; each tells its own story. For future group studies to have maximum impact and implementation for evolutionary studies and conservation strategy, synthetic studies of multiple groups using multiple approaches are required; only then can a predictive understanding of past and future processes in the biomes concerned, be glimpsed.''In a pristine evergreen rainforest of Nothofagus betuloides, located at the Cordillera de los Andes in southern Chile (41 concentrations and fluxes of nutrients in bulk precipitation, cloud water, throughfall water, stemflow water, soil infiltration and percolation water and runoff water were measured. The main objectives of this study were to investigate canopy-soil-atmosphere interactions and to calculate input-output budgets. From May 1999 till April 2000, the experimental watershed received 8121 mm water (86% incident precipitation, 14% cloud water), of which the canopy intercepted 16%. Runoff water volume amounted 9527 mm. Bulk deposition of inorganic (DIN) and organic (DON) nitrogen amounted 3.6 kg and 8.2 kg respectively. Occult deposition (clouds + fog) contributes for 40% to the atmospheric nitrogen input (bulk + occult deposition) of the forest. An important part of the atmospheric ammonium deposition is retained within the canopy or converted to nitrate or organic nitrogen by epiphytic bacteria or lichens. Also the export of inorganic (0.9 kg and organic (5.2 kg nitrogen via runoff is lower than the input to the forest floor via throughfall and stemflow water (3.2 kg DIN and 5.6 kg DON The low concentrations of and under the rooting depth suggest an effective biological immobilization by vegetation and soil microflora. Dry deposition and foliar leaching of base cations (K+, Ca2+, Mg2+) was estimated using a canopy budget model. Bulk deposition accounted for about 50% of the total atmospheric input. Calculated dry and occult deposition are both of equal value (about 25%). Foliar leaching of K+, Ca2+, and Mg2+ accounted for 45%, 38% and 6% of throughfall deposition respectively. On an annual basis, the experimental watershed was a net source for Na+, Ca2+ and Mg2+.'Abstract not available'So far, six species of Oxeoschistus Butler, including its junior synonym Dioriste Thieme, were listed from Central America, with five of them from Costa Rica alone, which appears to represent the highest regional diversity of this Neotropical montane butterfly genus. Our research based on field work, morphological studies and barcode analysis proved that one record is a misunderstanding perpetuated in scientific literature for over a century: Oxeoschistus cothonides Grose-Smith is identified here as an individual form of the female of O. cothon Salvin. The presence of Oxeoschistus tauropolis (Westwood) in Costa Rica, subject to some controversy, is confirmed, and a new local subspecies is described from Costa Rica, O. tauropolis mitsuko Pyrcz & Nakamura n. ssp. Specific status of O. euriphyle Butler is reinstated based on morphological and molecular data. A new subspecies O. hilara lempira Pyrcz n. ssp. is described from Honduras. O. puerta submaculatus Butler is reported for the first time from the region on the border. Species relationships are preliminarily evaluated based on COI data concluding, among others, that O. hilara and O. euriphyle are less closely related than previously assumed. Altitudinal and distributional data are revised, and ecological and behavioural information of all the species of Central American Oxeoschistus is provided.''Because of the importance of the Amazon to our shared human future and because we need to understand how its forests regenerate, I set out seeds for a week in palm, terra firme, and white sand forests and then collected them, scoring seed losses to predators, seed losses to pathogens and seeds that germinated. I found (1) terra firme forest, white sand forest, forest and forest under water 1 month every year, were significantly different for seed mechanisms and tolerances, terra firme forest, palm forest, forest and forest under water 1 month per year, were significantly different among species, and the interaction term was significant for all forests except for the two most flooded forests, (2) in terra firme forest seed predators took most seeds regardless of species, (3) in palm forest species were different regardless of seed mechanism and tolerance, (4) in white sand forest seed predators took most seeds regardless of species, (5) in forest seed predators took most seeds but with some species differences and (6) in forest under water 1 month per year, there were differences in predation, pathogens and germination, and in species variation. I conclude that seed predation losses strength as forests become more stressed either by loss of soil fertility or by flooding with nutrient-poor water. Conversely seed pathogens become more important with water-logged soils and with flooding. Seed loss variation among species within forests was always a secondary factor.''The systematic relationships among populations of fossorial Aconaemys species (Rodentia, Octodontidae) were assessed using chromosome variation patterns. Cytogenetic data was used since classical taxonomic studies have yielded contradictory results due to the environmentally induced morphological variation observed in these fossorial rodents. The interpopulational karyotypic stability and lack of intrapopulational polymorphism observed in Aconaemys make chromosome data a good predictor of specific differentiation. A distinct karyotype differing in diploid and number of chromosomal arms (FN) was found at each type locality. This kind and degree of karyotypic differentiation together with molecular data indicate that three species of Aconaemys can be recognized: A. sagei (2 n = 54, FN = 104), A. fuscus (2 n = 56, FN = 108), and A. porteri (2 n = 58, FN = 112). Five populations on the western slope of the Andes (Chile: Nahuelbuta, Tolhuaca, Rio Colorado, Pedregoso, Reigolil, and Huerquehue), formerly ascribed as A. fuscus shared the same karyotype of A sagei from the type locality on the eastern slope of the Andes (Argentina: Pampa Hui-Hui). Thus, karyotypic data let us ascribe these disjunct populations to A. sagei. The classical morpho-species in Aconaemys, altered into the biological species based on chromosomal and molecular differentiation, indicates that all three species occur in Chile. After this survey, the range of A sagei is extended to the northwestern slope of the Andes by more than 300 km.''BackgroundThe currently recognized species richness of South American salamanders is surprisingly low compared to North and Central America. In part, this low richness may be due to the salamanders being a recent arrival to South America. Additionally, the number of South American salamander species may be underestimated because of cryptic diversity. The aims of our present study were to infer evolutionary relationships, lineage diversity, and timing of divergence of the South American Bolitoglossa using mitochondrial and nuclear sequence data from specimens primarily from localities in the Andes and upper Amazon Basin. We also estimated time of colonization of South America to test whether it is consistent with arrival via the Panamanian Isthmus, or land bridge connection, at its traditionally assumed age of 3 million years.ResultsDivergence time estimates suggest that Bolitoglossa arrived in South America from Central America by at least the Early Miocene, ca. 23.6 MYA (95% HPD 15.9-30.3 MYA), and subsequently diversified. South American salamanders of the genus Bolitoglossa show strong phylogeographic structure at fine geographic scales and deep divergences at the mitochondrial gene cytochrome b (Cytb) and high diversity at the nuclear recombination activating gene-1 (Rag1). Species often contain multiple genetically divergent lineages that are occasionally geographically overlapping. Single specimens from two southeastern localities in Ecuador are sister to the equatoriana-peruviana clade and genetically distinct from all other species investigated to date. Another single exemplar from the Andes of northwestern Ecuador is highly divergent from all other specimens and is sister to all newly studied samples. Nevertheless, all sampled species of South American Bolitoglossa are members of a single clade that is one of several constituting the subgenus Eladinea, one of seven subgenera in this large genus.ConclusionsThe ancestors of South American salamanders likely arrived at least by the Early Miocene, well before the completion of the Late Pliocene Panamanian land bridge (widely accepted as ca. 3 MYA). This date is in agreement with recent, controversial, arguments that an older, perhaps short-lived, land connection may have existed between South America and present-day Panama MYA. Since its arrival in South America, Bolitoglossa has diversified more extensively than previously presumed and currently includes several cryptic species within a relatively small geographic area. Rather than two upper Amazonian species currently recorded for this region, we propose that at least eight should be recognized, although these additional lineages remain to be formally described.''Amplified fragment length polymorphism fingerprinting was applied to survey the genetic diversity of primitive South American Gossypium barbadense cotton for establishing a possible link to its pre-Columbian expansion. New germplasm was collected along coastal Peru and over an Andean transect in areas where most of the archaeological evidence relating to cotton domestication has been recorded. Gene bank material of three diploid (G. raimondii, G. arboreum, and G. herbaceum) and four allotetraploid cotton species (G. hirsutum, G. mustelinum, G. tomentosum and additional G. barbadense) was added for inter- and intra-specific comparison. Eight primer combinations yielded 340 polymorphic bands among the 131 accessions. The obtained neighbor joining and unweighted pair-group method with arithmetic means are in full agreement with the known cytogenetics of the tetraploid cottons and their diploid genome donors. The four tetraploid species are clearly distinct based on taxonomic classification. The genetic diversity within G. barbadense reveals geographic patterns. The locally maintained cottons from coastal Peru display a distinct genetic diversity that mirrors their primitive agro-morphological traits. Accessions from the northernmost coast of Peru and from southwestern (SW) Ecuador cluster basal to the east-of-Andes accessions. The remaining accessions from Bolivia, Brazil, Columbia, Venezuela, and the Caribbean and cluster with the east-of-Andes accessions. Northwestern Peru/SW Ecuador (the area flanking the Guayaquil gulf) appears to be the center of the primitive domesticated G. barbadense cotton from where it spread over the Andes and expanded into its pre-Columbian range.'Abstract not availableamplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) markers were used to evaluate genetic relationships within the Theobroma cacao species and to assess the organization of its genetic diversity. Genetic variability was estimated with 18 primers and 43 RFLP probes on 155 cocoa trees belonging to different morphological groups and coming from various geographic origins. The majority of the RFLP probes issued from low-copy DNA sequences. On the basis of on the genetic distance matrices, the two molecular methods gave related estimates of the genetic relationship between genotypes. Although an influence of cocoa morphological groups and geographical origins of trees was observed, a lack of gene differentiation characterized the T. cacao accessions studied. The continuous RFLP variability observed within the species may reflect the hybridization and introgressions between trees of different origins. Nevertheless, the Nacional type was detected to be genetically specific and different from well-known types such as Forastero, Criollo and Trinitario. Some of those genotypes were characterized by a low heterozygosity rate and may constitute the original Nacional pool. These results also provide information for the constitution of a cocoa tree core collection.'Abstract not available'Epiphytism in Colombian Amazonia was described by counting vascular epiphytes in thirty 0.025-ha (5 plots, well-distributed over the main landscape units in the middle area of Colombian Amazonia. Each plot was directly adjacent to a 0.1-ha plot at which the species composition of trees and lianas (diameter at breast height had been recorded earlier. The purpose of the study was to explore abundance, diversity, and distribution of epiphytes between the principal landscape units. A total of 6129 individual vascular epiphytes were recorded belonging to 27 families, 73 genera, and 213 species (which included 59 morpho-species). Araceae, Orchidaceae, and Bromeliaceae were the most speciose and abundant families. A total of 2763 phorophytes were registered, 1701 (62%) of which with DBH About of the woody plants with DBH carried epiphytes, which points at low phorophyte limitation throughout all landscapes. Epiphytism was concentrated on stem bases. Just as trees, epiphyte species assemblages were well associated with the main landscapes. Contrary to trees, however, epiphyte abundance and diversity (species richness, alpha index) hardly differed between the landscapes. This calls for caution when explanations for distribution and dynamics of tree species are extrapolated to growth forms with a totally different ecology.''A new version of the general circulation model CNRM-CM has been developed jointly by CNRM-GAME (Centre National de Recherches de and Cerfacs (Centre de Recherche et de Formation in order to contribute to phase 5 of the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project (CMIP5). The purpose of the study is to describe its main features and to provide a preliminary assessment of its mean climatology. CNRM-CM5.1 includes the atmospheric model ARPEGE-Climat (v5.2), the ocean model NEMO (v3.2), the land surface scheme ISBA and the sea ice model GELATO (v5) coupled through the OASIS (v3) system. The main improvements since CMIP3 are the following. Horizontal resolution has been increased both in the atmosphere (from to and in the ocean (from to The dynamical core of the atmospheric component has been revised. A new radiation scheme has been introduced and the treatments of tropospheric and stratospheric aerosols have been improved. Particular care has been devoted to ensure mass/water conservation in the atmospheric component. The land surface scheme ISBA has been externalised from the atmospheric model through the SURFEX platform and includes new developments such as a parameterization of sub-grid hydrology, a new freezing scheme and a new bulk parameterisation for ocean surface fluxes. The ocean model is based on the state-of-the-art version of NEMO, which has greatly progressed since the OPA8.0 version used in the CMIP3 version of CNRM-CM. Finally, the coupling between the different components through OASIS has also received a particular attention to avoid energy loss and spurious drifts. These developments generally lead to a more realistic representation of the mean recent climate and to a reduction of drifts in a preindustrial integration. The large-scale dynamics is generally improved both in the atmosphere and in the ocean, and the bias in mean surface temperature is clearly reduced. However, some flaws remain such as significant precipitation and radiative biases in many regions, or a pronounced drift in three dimensional salinity.'Victoria (Nahuel Huapi National Park, Argentina), a large island dominated by native Nothofagus and Austrocedrus forest, has old plantations of many introduced tree species, some of which are famed invaders of native ecosystems elsewhere. There are also large populations of introduced deer and shrubs that may interact in a complex way with the introduced trees, as well as a recently arrived population of wild boar. Long-standing concern that the introduced trees will invade and transform native forest may be unwarranted, as there is little evidence of progressive invasion, even close to the plantations, despite over 50 years of opportunity. Introduced and native shrubs allow scattered introduced trees to achieve substantial size in abandoned pastures, but in almost all areas neither the trees nor the shrubs appear to be spreading beyond these sites. These shrub communities may be stable rather than successional, but the technology for restoring them to native forest is uncertain and probably currently impractical. Any attempt to remove the exotic tree seedlings and saplings from native forest would probably create the very conditions that would favor colonization by exotic plants rather than native trees, while simply clear-cutting the plantations would be unlikely to lead to regeneration of Nothofagus or Austrocedrus. The key to maintaining native forest is preventing catastrophic fire, as several introduced trees and shrubs would be favored over native dominant trees in recolonization. Deer undoubtedly interact with both native and introduced trees and shrubs, but their net effect on native forest is not yet clear, and specific management of deer beyond the current hunting by staff is unwarranted, at least if preventing tree invasion is the goal. The steep terrain and shallow soil make the recently arrived boar a grave threat to the native forest. Eradication is probably feasible and should be attempted quickly.''Soil erosion is accelerating in developing countries of Asia, Africa, and Latin America. It has threatened the livelihood of millions of peasants, for agriculture is their economic mainstay. A probe into the forces causing erosion reveals that the resolve to accumulate ever more wealth and to maintain, consolidate, or expand their sociopolitical power and the necessity of the poor to fulfill their requirements of food, fuelwood, and fodder are the two major factors accelerating soil erosion. Unless the vast masses of poor people are integrated into the national mainstream through the implementation of equitable and redistributive development policies, it is impossible to control the accelerating rate of soil erosion and thus to achieve the objective of sustainable development.''Shifting agriculture (SA) involving fallow intervals between crop cycles is common in tropical areas. It allows the recovery of soil fertility for subsequent crops. However, the diminishing of fallow intervals (referred here as intensification of SA) is a main cause of forest degradation. Agroforestry systems (AFSs) based on modification of mature forests may play an important role in buffering adverse environmental outcomes caused by short fallow intervals in SA. We investigated whether AFSs reverse the effect of intensification of SA in cocoa (Theobroma cacao) agrosystems and aimed to (1) characterize species diversity in cocoa agroecosystem under SA with short fallow periods; (2) predict the ecological impact of intensification of SA on floristic composition, particularly in endangered endemic species; and (3) identify whether changes in floristic composition and species diversity in agroecosystems under different fallow intervals are localized in certain strata or whether structural changes occur throughout the plant community. Our study revealed that shortened fallow periods on cocoa AFSs have drastic effects on levels of diversity. Tree species assembly decreases across cocoa agroforest established in reduced fallow periods. Also, absence of fallow intervals of SA affects tree conservation rates in AFSs by changing floristic composition. Nevertheless, the use of AFSs with complex arboreal structures under SA preserves and protects higher rates of native and endangered endemic species and delays forest degradation rates. The conservation of native species in this agricultural model may meet the requirements to reverse the cycle of land degradation and social deprivation.''Hopper (Plant Soil 2009) introduced landscape age, climate buffering, and soil nutrient status as descriptors for a continuum between old, climatically buffered landscapes characterised by low soil fertility (OCBIL) and young, often disturbed landscapes characterised by fertile soils (YODFEL). Hopper (Plant Soil 2009) provided an important framework for biodiversity and conservation. We argue that (Plant Soil 2009) conceptual framework includes five areas worthy of further consideration. These include: (1) The appropriateness of the original three dimensions; (2) The need for deeper consideration of rejuvenation and disturbance within OCBILs. (3) Broadening the globally relevant range of environments. (4) Operationalising the definitions or dimensions. (5) Revisiting the scale and compatibility of the predictions. Here, we address the first four of these areas and offer an alternative conceptual framework based on the idea of Old Stable Landscapes (OSLs). We redefine climate buffering as a dimension of climate stability, identify soil-impoverishment as a function of landscape age, and recognise fire regime predictability as a large-scale, long-term evolutionarily important dimension. In so doing, we construct a globally-relevant, qualitative template to enable the testing of evolutionary-ecological hypotheses concerning biodiversity (e.g. species diversity, diversity gradients, endemism, speciation and extinction rates, cladogenesis, persistence of old lineages, refugial phenomena). Our template is characterised by having operationally defined dimensions, which can be used to design surveys and experiments to address the issues of biodiversity conservation, recovery, and restoration under variations in landscape age, climatic stability and fire regime.''The survival chance of epiphytic orchids today not only depends on the natural site conditions required by the orchids but also on anthropogenic changes in site conditions. This study answers two questions: (1) What is the ecological niche of the different epiphytic orchid species? (2) What are the ecological factors that threaten epiphytic population under anthropogenic disturbances? Our study area was the Kathmandu valley, Nepal, with its subtropical forest. We established 156 systematically selected sampling points in the Kathmandu area covering different types of ecosystems under human impacts such as densely populated area, agricultural land, mixed agricultural and settled area, old tree patches, and a natural forest in a national park. The ecological niche of the orchid species was analyzed with a principal component analysis (PCA). The correlations between the different site factors were statistically significant. rank correlation matrices showed that the variables land-use intensities with altitude, and height with diameter in breast height (dbh) of host had the highest significant positive correlation coefficient (0.67 and 0.64 respectively). On the other hand, host bark pH and altitude as well as land use had a significantly strong negative correlation coefficient (-0.80 and -0.61, respectively). Different epiphytic orchid species interact differently with the given set of environmental factors: for occurrence of Vanda cristata there is no single environmental factor of special influence, while for Rhynchostylis retusa high bark pH and high light availability are important. First two axis of the PCA explained more than 50% of the total variance. Most orchid species occupy a specific, narrow niche in this ecological space. The main causes of anthropogenic influence of orchid population in the Kathmandu Valley are loss of adequate host trees (species and size) and increasing air pollution, resulting in increasing host bark pH.''This review summarizes the effects of vegetation on runoff and soil loss in three dimensions: vertical vegetation structures (aboveground vegetation cover, surface litter layer and underground roots), plant diversity, vegetation patterns and their scale characteristics. Quantitative relationships between vegetation factors with runoff and soil loss are described. A framework for describing relationships involving vegetation, erosion and scale is proposed. The relative importance of each vegetation dimension for various erosion processes changes across scales. With the development of erosion features (i.e., splash, interrill, rill and gully), the main factor of vertical vegetation structures in controlling runoff and soil loss changes from aboveground biomass to roots. Plant diversity levels are correlated with vertical vegetation structures and play a key role at small scales, while vegetation patterns also maintain a critical function across scales (i.e., patch, slope, catchment and basin/region). Several topics for future study are proposed in this review, such as to determine efficient vegetation architectures for ecological restoration, to consider the dynamics of vegetation patterns, and to identify the interactions involving the three dimensions of vegetation.''To combat biodiversity loss, conservation planners prioritize sites with high complementarity (ability to represent all or most species in a few sites), but little work has been done to understand the traits that influence site complementarity. Here we focus on the drivers of rarity-weighted richness (RWR), a metric of site endemism that has previously been demonstrated to be a reliable metric of site complementarity. Our aims are to assess how environmental variables individually contribute to explaining global patterns of RWR. After quantifying RWR for 18,020 terrestrial grid cells for amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals, we used random forest models to identify associations between RWR and predictors reflecting current environment (topography, soils, climate), evolutionary history, and human footprint. Slope, long known to affect plant diversity, had strongest positive association with RWR values for amphibians, birds and mammals; human footprint was the primary driver of RWR for reptiles. RWR increased with slope, levels of human impact, diurnal temperature oscillation, land cover diversity, actual evapotranspiration, and cold season precipitation, Surprisingly, RWR increased with human footprint, perhaps because human activities cause species to have small ranges or because human activities and small-ranged species tend to occur under the same environmental conditions. Our study provides evidence that climate variables, including both temperature and known to drive patterns of species generate and maintain gradients of RWR at a global scale. As climate changes in the coming decades, regions of high RWR might also change, depending on the extent to which the spatial patterns of climate also change. Elucidating the patterns of RWR may improve the way in which sites are prioritized, so that all or most species can be conserved in affordable areas.''Non-timber forest products (NTFPs) derived from palms and other plants are economically and culturally important to a large part of the more than 240 million people who live in the forest areas of developing countries. The sustainable extraction of NTFPs is increasingly regarded as an important part for forest conservation strategies. This paper provides an overview and comparison of existing statutory legislation with respect to the extraction and trade of NTFPs in four Andean countries and discusses its adequacy with respect to ensuring legal and sustainable extraction and trade of NTFPs. The related legal framework surrounding indigenous rights, traditional knowledge and access to genetic resources is also reviewed. Forest laws are primarily concerned with the regulation of timber. Hence, legal and administrative frameworks to regulate the extraction and trade of NTFPs are fragmented and ambiguous. By providing an overview over the existing legal situation, this paper seeks to inform and open debates about ways to improve the regulation of the extraction and trade of NTFPs in the region.''Fifty seven percent of the 138 cultivated plant species present in Amazonia at contact probably originated in the Amazon Basin and another 27% originated in lowland northern South America. The relationship between probable indigenous human population density and resultant agricultural intensification and crop diversity is used to propose the existence of a mosaic of crop genetic resource concentrations in Amazonia at contact, including two centers of diversity, four outlying minor centers, and five regions of diversity. This methodology is extrapolated to present a synthesis of South American crop genetic biogeography at contact.''Recently, the geographic origin of plant species comprising indigenous Amazonian pharmacopoeias has been addressed. However, the origins of plant species in Andean pharmacopoeias have not. To fill this gap, we reviewed the pharmacopoeia of the Kallawaya herbalists of Bolivia for exotic plant species. The Kallawaya are the most renowned herbalists of South America and travel extensively throughout the Andes to collect medicinal plant species. Approximately 30% of the Kallawaya pharmacopoeia is comprised of exotic plant species. Many of these species are used in a variety of contexts (e.g., food, hygiene, beverages, ornamentals, timber, dyes, aromatics, hallucinogens) in addition to medicinal. This case study demonstrates the evolution of indigenous pharmacopoeias as a result of cross-cultural plant transfer.'research interest in the origins of pottery has illuminated an array of possible precipitating causes and environmental contexts in which pottery began to be made and used. This article is an attempt at synthesizing some of these data in hopes of stimulating further research into this intriguing topic. Following a review of theories on the origins of pottery, discussion proceeds to a survey of geographic and cultural contexts of low-fired or unfired pottery, highlighting the role(s) of pottery among contemporary hunter-gatherers and summarizing data pertaining to varied uses of pottery containers. It is argued that objects of unfired and low-fired clay were created as part of early of material representations beginning in the Upper Paleolithic and are part of an early Clay began to be more widely manipulated by nonsedentary, complex hunter-gatherers in the very Late Pleistocene and early Holocene in areas of resource abundance, especially in tropical/subtropical coastal/riverine zones, as part of more general processes of resource and social intensification (such as or communal ritual). Knowledge of making and using pottery containers spread widely as and as the kind and timing of its adoption or varying from location to location depending on specific needs and'The numerical regional model (Eta) coupled with the Simplified Simple Biosphere Model (SSiB) was used to investigate the impact of land cover changes on the regional climate in Amazonia. Four 13-month integrations were performed for the following scenarios: (a) no deforestation, (b) current conditions, (c) deforestation predicted for 2033, and (d) large scale deforestation. All initial and prescribed boundary conditions were kept identical for all integrations, except the land cover changes. The results show that during the dry season the post-deforestation decrease in root depth plays an important role in the energy budget, since there is less soil moisture available for evapotranspiration. In all scenarios there was a significant increase in the surface temperature, from in the first scenario, up to in the last one. In both the scenarios (b) and (c), the downward component of the surface solar radiation decreased due to an increase in the cloud cover over the deforested areas, which contributed to a further reduction of the net radiation absorbed at the surface. The cloud mechanism, where an increase in albedo is balanced by an increase in downward solar radiation, was not detected in any of these scenarios. In scenarios (a), (b) and (c), a negative feedback mechanism was observed in the hydrological cycle, with greater amounts of moisture being carried to the deforested areas. The increase in moisture convergence was greater than the reduction in evapotranspiration for both scenarios (b) and (c). This result, and the meso-scale thermodynamic processes caused an increase in precipitation. A different situation was observed in the large-scale deforestation scenario (d): a local increase of moisture convergence was observed, but not sufficiently intense to generate an increase in precipitation; the local evapotranspiration decrease was dominant in this scenario. Therefore, the partial deforestation in Amazonia can actually lead to an increase in precipitation locally. However, if the deforestation increases, this condition becomes unsustainable, leading to drier conditions and, consequently, to reduced precipitation in the region.''The genus Potos (Procyonidae) is currently recognized as a monotypic genus comprising the single species Potos flavus, the kinkajou. Kinkajous are widely distributed throughout forested habitats of tropical Central and South America, extending from eastern Brazil across central Bolivia, eastern Peru, northern Ecuador, Guianas, Suriname, Venezuela, Colombia, and then through Central America and into western Mexico. The taxonomic history of the species is complex, with seven or eight subspecies historically recognized to acknowledge the phenotypic variation among populations. In this study, the systematics and the evolutionary history of Potos flavus were investigated based on the mitochondrial gene cytochrome b, including specimens from a large range of localities, covering most of the distribution of the species, from central Middle America (Costa Rica and Panama) through South America (Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, Guyana, and French Guiana). Analyses of 30 Potos flavus sequences showed 27 haplotypes that were grouped in five main clades in all phylogenetic analyses. These clades suggested a high geographic structure with specimens from (1) Costa Rica, (2) Guianas and North Brazil, (3) North Peru, (4) Ecuador and Panama, (5a) interfluves Branco-Negro rivers in the Brazilian Amazon, (5b) Eastern Atlantic Forest, (5c) Amazonian lowlands east Negro river including Bolivia, Peru, and West Brazil. Each of these clades differs from to in their genetic distance estimates, which suggests that the specific status of some of these lineages should be reconsidered. Divergence dating and biogeographic analysis suggested that crown Potos diversified in the Miocene-Pliocene in South America, and geographic barriers, such as savannas and rivers, may have played a significant role in the kinkajou diversification.''The inter ac tion of land use and sea sonal mi cro cli mat ic events could explain the dif fer ences in soil qual ity char ac ter is tics which medi ate bio log i cal and phys i cal pro cesses of the soil under low input land use sys tems (plough plus har row, strip/heap till age, man ual clear ing/no till). It is hy poth es ised that in a humid trop i cal Alf isol, low input sys tem involv ing reduced till age meth ods, and min eral fer til izer and/or live stock manure use, would sup port a higher den sity of micro bial bio mass, soil aggre ga tion, organic C and total N and hence improve ment in soil qual ity. The dynam ics of biotic and abi otic soil prop er ties as affected by meth ods of seed bed prep a ra tion char ac ter ised by man ur al input and mi cro cli mat ic tran si tions from wet to dry sea son was stud ied in a maize field in a trop i cal rain for est Alf isol in Ak ure, a humid rain for est zone of Nige ria. Each year, tri als were car ried out dur ing the rainy and late sea sons of 2001 and 2002. Meth ods of seed bed prep a ra tion involv ing plough plus har row, strip/heap till age and no till age, and addi tion of dif fer ent gra di ents of manures (mineral N and/or plant debris and live stock litter) were imposed on the soil at the site of the exper i ment (of com pa ra ble phys i cal prop er ties of bulk den sity and texture). Among the treat ments, there were sig nif i cant dif fer ences in the val ues of water hold ing capac ity, aggre gate sta bil ity (macro-aggre ga tion), con cen tra tions of micro bial bio mass, organic C, total and min eral N and CEC. In the rainy and late sea son tri als, the strip/heap till age and the no till treat ments improved aggre gate sta bil ity (as mea sured by the per cent ages of aggre gates between 2 and of soil) and water hold ing capac ity over row. For exam ple, in the rainy sea son trial, under treat ments involv ing strip/heap till age and the no till alone and in com bi na tion with live stock manur ing and res i due reten tion, the val ues of aggre gates between 2 and range from and water hold ing capac ity over row Sim i lar trends were found in the val ues of soil micro bial bio mass C (377, 353; 547, dry soil), soil organic C (3.8, 4.3; and total N (2.9, 2.3; 2.9, for strip/heap and no till treat ments com pared to row dry soil; Although the %C micro bial to C organic ratio (an indicator of the utilisation of organic carbon by the microbes in terms of organic matter turn over rate) was sta ble for all treatments, its magnitude was not con stant but increased with increases in soil C concentration. The values of microbial bio mass carbon to organic carbon (Cmic: Corg) ratio were higher under plough ing and heap till age com bined with min eral N (0.096, 0.099) than in no-till treat ment (0.083) in the rainy sea son trial. Similar trends were obtained in the magnitudes of this param eter in the late sea son trial. Microbial bio mass correlated positively with both soil organic C and water hold ing capacity (y = 0.87c0.39; r2 = 0.94; P<0.05) and neg a tively with bulk density r2 = 0.90; P<0.05), strong positive lin ear cor re la tion were also found between soil macro aggre gates and other soil prop er ties: micro bial bio mass C r2=0.95; P<0.05), organic C r2 = 0.97; P<0.05) and total N (y = r2 = 0.98; P<0.05). Huge responses of soil characteristics were obtained from low input land use systems (plough plus har row, strip/heap till age, manual clear ing/no till). These proper ties mediate many biological and physical processes of soil carbon, N mineralisation, soil aggregation and water hold ing capacity and microbial bio mass, and led to improvement in soil quality. The emerged trend was that the interaction of land use, clay content of the soil and seasonal micro climatic events could explain the heteroge neity of soil components among treatments.''Before environmental legislation was enforced, worldwide historical mines abandoned their operations without properly remediation and closure affecting the ecosystems. Because of its geological richness, Peru has attracted mining activities since colonial times and more than 8571 mining liabilities have been left. Pacococha and Millotingo mining liabilities are located on the banks of Aruri River, above Parac micro-watershed, from where communities of San Jose de Parac and San Antonio (San Mateo Huanchor district, Lima) take water for irrigating crops in low-flow periods. This paper reports for the first time in Peru the use of an interdisciplinary approach to examine the environmental effects of mining liabilities and small-scale mining on peasant communities. Physical and chemical methods, such as microscopy and spectrometry, were used to verify the presence of sulfides and to measure critical water quality parameters of Aruri and Rimac rivers. The ecosystem approach was applied to collect socioeconomic information from both communities; social actors and their statements regarding tailing problems were identified by social multi-criteria evaluation. It was found that the tailings contained sulfides that provide arsenic, cadmium, copper, zinc and manganese to Aruri and Rimac rivers in levels that exceed State of Oregon (USA) standard limits. It was also observed that both communities use this water to irrigate potato and alfalfa crops, well-known bioaccumulators. The tailings were classified as high risk to the environment by the Peruvian General Direction of Mining; however, future remediation remains uncertain due to a judicial dispute.''Geodiversity, (diversity of the geosphere) incorporates many of the environmental patterns and processes that are considered drivers of biodiversity. Components of geodiversity (climate, topography, geology and hydrology) can be considered in terms of their resource giving potential, where resources are taken as energy, water, space and nutrients. The total amount of these resources, along with their spatial and temporal variation, is herein proposed as a compound index of geodiversity that has the potential to model broad scale biodiversity patterns. This paper outlines potential datasets that could be used to represent geodiversity, and then reviews the theoretical links between each element of the proposed compound index of geodiversity (overall resource availability, temporal variation and spatial variation in those resources) and broad-scale patterns of biodiversity. Support for the influence of each of the elements of geodiversity on overall biodiversity patterns was found in the literature, although the majority of relevant research focuses on resource availability, particularly available energy. The links between temporal and spatial variation in resources and biodiversity have been less thoroughly investigated in the literature. For the most part, it was reported that overall resource availability, temporal variation and spatial variation in those resources do not act in isolation in terms of controlling biodiversity. Overall there are sufficient datasets to calculate the proposed compound index of geodiversity, and evidence in the literature for links between the geographical distribution of biodiversity and each of the elements of the compound index defined. Since data for measuring geodiversity is more spatially consistent and widely available (thanks to satellite remote sensing) geodiversity has potential as a conservation planning tool, especially where biological data are not available or sparsely distributed.''The effects of land use and land cover (LULC) on groundwater recharge and surface runoff and how these are affected by LULC changes are of interest for sustainable water resources management. However, there is limited quantitative evidence on how changes to LULC in semi-arid tropical and subtropical regions affect the subsurface components of the hydrologic cycle, particularly groundwater recharge. Effective water resource management in these regions requires conclusive evidence and understanding of the effects of LULC changes on groundwater recharge and surface runoff. We reviewed a total of 27 studies (2 modeling and 25 experimental), which reported on pre- and post land use change groundwater recharge or surface runoff magnitude, and thus allowed to quantify the response of groundwater recharge rates and runoff to LULC.Comparisons between initial and subsequent LULC indicate that forests have lower groundwater recharge rates and runoff than the other investigated land uses in semi-arid tropical/ subtropical regions. Restoration of bare land induces a decrease in groundwater recharge from 42% of precipitation to between 6 and 12% depending on the final LULC. If forests are cleared for rangelands, groundwater recharge increases by while conversion to cropland or grassland results in increases of and respectively.Rehabilitation of bare land to cropland results in surface runoff reductions of between 5.2 and 7.3%. The conversion of forest vegetation to managed LULC shows an increase in surface runoff from 1 to 14.1% depending on the final LULC. Surface runoff was reduced from 2.5 to 1.1% when grassland is converted to forest vegetation.While there is general consistency in the results from the selected case studies, we conclude that there are few experimental studies that have been conducted in tropical and subtropical semi-arid regions, despite that many people rely heavily on groundwater for their livelihoods. Therefore, there is an urgent need to increase the body of quantitative evidence given the pressure of growing human population and climate change on water resources in the region.''Protected areas (PAs) are under increasing pressure to demonstrate their broader value and contribution to society. Scientific research and associated knowledge production comprise one such value, which has received relatively little attention in the academic literature. Here, we use the Amazon region as a case study to quantify scientific knowledge production (as measured by scientific publications in peer-reviewed journals) in PAs and identify the main biophysical, geographical and social characteristics that influence such production. We adopt a multi-model inference approach with an innovative hurdle regression model to independently assess the factors influencing the presence of research and the number of studies in PAs. Our results indicate a highly skewed pattern of scientific production, with many PAs with few or no associated scientific articles. Larger, older and more highly protected PAs in Ecuador and Peru were most likely to have scientific production, while time since first publication was most strongly associated with the number of publications from a PA. These findings provide important insights that could be used to support and strengthen policy aimed at increasing the value of Amazonian protected areas for scientific research.''Accurate extent of occurrence (EOO) estimates are essential for reliable conservation assessments. Recent studies suggest that current EOO maps often significantly overestimate range sizes of birds, particularly for narrow-ranging, threatened and ecological specialist species. Such species may therefore be at danger of being falsely overlooked by conservation assessments. Using species distribution modeling combined with review and according corrections of inductive models, we estimated historic range sizes of 15 Bolivian endemics, which were compared to BirdLife 2011 EOO estimates. The same comparisons were made for 65 additional species modeled by Young et al. (Auk 2009) to corroborate the general validity of our results. Species distributions were modeled deductively for eight, with a hybrid approach for six and inductively for one species. For of Bolivian endemics, EOO estimates were times larger than our estimates larger for of the species in Young et al.). Overestimation can largely be attributed to inclusion of areas outside a elevational range and of portions of ecoregions or extensive habitat areas uninhabited by a species. For of Bolivian endemics (all threatened species), EOO estimates were smaller than our estimates smaller for of the species in Young et al.). This can partly be attributed to more sophisticated range size analyses for threatened species by BirdLife, differences between historic versus current range sizes, and overly conservative EOO estimates. EOO definition and estimates are in serious need of improvement. Exclusion of discontinuities within overall distributions of species needs to be applied rigorously at small spatial scales, using spatially explicit environmental data such as digital elevation models and ecosystem classifications. Incorporating national expert knowledge into range size estimation can be similarly important for reducing overestimation. We recommend prioritizing species with EOO estimates of for a revision of these estimates.''Vascular epiphytes are typically associated with tropical rainforests, whereas their occurrence in temperate forests is little appreciated. This review summarises the available information on epiphytism in the temperate zones (> 23.5 latitude), which has not been reviewed omprehensively for more than a century, and critically analyses the proposed mechanisms behind the observed biogeographical patterns. Although in the temperate zone epiphytic vascular plants are rarely as impressive as in tropical forests, there are noteworthy exceptions. Temperate rain forests of Chile and New Zealand, or montane forests in the Himalayas are comparable to many tropical forests in terms of epiphyte biomass and diversity, but differ in their taxonomic spectrum temperate epiphyte communities are generally dominated by ferns and fern-allies. Other temperate areas are not, however, necessarily barren of epiphytes, as repeatedly implied. Quite in contrast, local populations of epiphytes in a large number of other non-tropical areas in both the southern and the northern hemisphere can be quite conspicuous. The proposed reasons for the latitudinal gradients in epiphyte abundance and diversity (water scarcity or low tempera-tures). are not fully convincing and, moreover, still await experimental verification. Other factors, both historical (e.g., Pleistocene extinctions) and ecological (e.g., prevalence of conifers in the northern hemisphere), should also be taken into consideration to obtain a comprehensive explanation of the extant global distribution of vascular epiphytes.''Different existing concepts for the classification of Amazonian waterbodies are discussed. An additional approach is suggested to characterize aquatic habitats, based on hydrological and morphological parameters. The state of knowledge about the frequency, distribution and ecology of aquatic habitats is discussed. Human impacts on aquatic habitats in Amazonia and their vulnerability to them are evaluated.''Four native tree species (Liquidambar styraciflua, Juglans pyriformis, Podocarpus matudae, and Carpinus caroliniana) were evaluated for their suitability in rehabilitating degraded areas of Mexican cloud forest. Plant survival and growth in height and diameter were determined in three mixed-experimental plantations with different land use histories; their performance was compared with two on-farm plantations started by landowners for forest restoration. Nearby forest fragments were controls for soil compaction. An experimental plantation with remnant trees had the highest plant survival (82%), height, basal diameter and relative growth rate. The plantation with the steepest slope had high plant survival (63%) and growth. The plantation characterized by dominance of grasses and compacted soils had the lowest survival (22%) and growth. On-farm plantations had good establishment of planted trees species planted), and facilitated the recruitment of woody species. Carpinus and Liquidambar appear to be suitable species for reforestation in all these areas. Podocarpus grew relatively slowly, although it performed well in two experimental sites. Juglans had high survival (76%) under the stressful conditions of the most adverse site, and therefore may be useful for rehabilitation of degraded sites. Differences among species and sites strongly suggest that species success depends on plantation site quality.'Abstract not availablepast failure of large-scale, rural development in Amazonia has emphasized the value of small-scale, swidden-fallow management practices. The management strategies used by indigenous cultivators are well-documented, but few studies have examined how absorption by market-based economies may affect the economic and ecological stability of the agricultural system. In this study, we provide a detailed account of swidden-fallow management as it is practiced at Las Palmeras, Amazonas, Colombia; moreover, we assessed the effect of a shift from subsistence to market-directed production. A total of 68 species were selectively managed in the swidden/fallow system. Seventy-seven percent of species at the site were managed for subsistence only, 22% were managed with a view to selling surplus at market. Only one species, Cedrela odorata, was managed solely for market production. A shift from subsistence-based to market-directed production may lower the ecological and economic stability of the system at Las Palmeras. Nonperishable production strategies, such as for timber production, appear to provide the most secure approach toward market integration.''Varriety use and development, seed production and storage by farmers under local conditions, and seed exchange mechanisms are presented as the three principal components of a dynamic system that forms the most important seed source of food crops for small farmers in developing countries. The information on this topic is based on a literature review and a case study. Analysis of strengths and weaknesses of local seed systems leads to the conclusion that local seed systems and the formal system are complementary. Integrated approaches in breeding, and seed production and distribution show to have promising potential for improving seed supply for small farmers.''Severe environmental problems encountered in the highlands of Bolivia may be remedied through the adoption of agroforestry systems, never before studied adequately in this region. As a first step, seven tree species were tested for growth, survival and health at two elevations in the Bolivian altiplano. Species responded variably with Buddleja coriacea Remy., Pinus radiata D. Don. and Eucalyptus globulus Labill. (at the higher elevation) and E. globulus, Baccharis spp., Robinia pseudoacacia L. and B. coriacea (at the lower elevation), displaying high survival, growth and health. In a related greenhouse study, grain yields of wheat planted in soils amended with incorporated foliage of B. coriacea, P. radiata and E. globulus increased three-fold (0.3 to >1.0 over grain yields in unamended soils (B. coriacea > P. radiata = E. globulus). Grain nitrogen increased equally in soils amended with P. radiata and B. coriacea foliage (18 mg to 20 but decreased in soils amended with foliage of E. globulus (18 to 9'The distribution of root biomass and physical and chemical properties of the soils were studied in a semideciduous and in a lower montane rain forest in Panama. Roots and soil samples were taken by means of soil cores (25 cm deep) and divided into five, 5-cm deep sections. Soils were wet-sieved to retrieve the roots that were classified in four diameter classes: very fine roots (<1 mm), fine roots mm), medium roots mm) and coarse roots mm). Soil samples were analyzed for organic carbon, total nitrogen, available phosphorus, exchangeable bases, cation exchange capacity, pH, aluminium and exchangeable acidity. Total root biomass measured with the soil corer (roots <50 mm in diameter) was not different between the forests (9.45 t ha-1), while biomass of very fine roots was larger in the mountains (2.00 t ha-1) than in the lowlands (1.44 t ha-1). The soils in the semideciduous forest were low in available phosphorus, while in the mountains, soils had low pH, high exchangeable aluminium and exchangeable acidity, and low concentration of exchangeable bases. Phosphorus was in high concentration only in the first 5 cm of the soil. In both forests, there was an exponential reduction of root biomass with increasing depth, and most of the variation in the vertical distribution of roots less than 2 mm in diameter was explained by the concentration of nitrogen in the soils. The results of this study support the hypothesis that a large root biomass in montane forests is related to nutrients in low concentration and diluted in organic soils with high CEC and low bulk density, and that fine root biomass in tropical forests in inversely related to calcium availability but not a phosphorus as has been suggested for other forests.''The present and future well-being of the forest dwelling populations depends on their ability to gain livelihood resources from their immediate environment. Sustainable extraction of non-timber forest products has been promoted by conservationists and development agencies as a feasible strategy for forest dwellers that does not compromise the resource base. Yet surveys of actual resource use suggest that for poorer resource-dependent communities without access to markets, non-timber forest products can only ever represent a safety-net activity and a supplementary income source. Others argue that resource availability, in terms of the diversity and productivity of the forest, is the key parameter in realizing a contribution of forest products to well-being. This paper examines the scope and heterogeneity of forest product use to reveal whether resource availability necessarily provides the context for significant contributions to well-being of forest dwellers. We present data from an area of tropical rainforest, close to Iquitos in Peru, which was previously shown to have high potential value. We find, through a census survey of households within a forest reserve area, that non-timber forest products provide only a relatively small portion of income and that only a small proportion of available products are actually commercialized, despite apparent market availability. We show that the low rates of commercialization can be explained by unequal access capital assets used for extraction, to natural resources themselves, and to product markets. They are also explained by the concentration of capital-poor households on subsistence gathering activities. The value of destructive uses of forests, both logging and agriculture, remain higher than returns from non-timber products. This research demonstrates that although non-timber forest products are an important livelihood source, market integration and commercialization is not everywhere an appropriate or realistic strategy.''In 2000, the World population was 6.2 billion people; it reached 7 billion in 2012 and is expected to reach 9.5 billion in 2050 and 11 billion in 2100, according to the 2012 UN projections (Gerland et al. in Science 2014). The trend after 2100 is still one of the global demographic growths, but after 2060, Africa is the only continent where the population would still increase. The amount of water consumed annually to produce the food necessary to meet the needs of the populations varies greatly between countries, from about 600 to per capita (Zimmer in eau. Les faces ressource vitale. Charles Meyer, Paris, 2013), depending on their wealth, their food habits, and the percentage of food waste they generate (on average, of the food produced is wasted). In 2000, the total food production was on the order of 3300 million tons (in cereal equivalents). In 2014, it is estimated that about 0.8 billion inhabitants of the planet suffer from hunger (FAO in World agriculture: towards FAO, Rome, 2014. http://www.fao.org/docrep/004/Y3557E/y3557e00.HTM) and do not get the nutrition they need to be in good health or, in the case of children, to grow properly (both physically and intellectually). This food deficit was on the order of 40 million tons of cereal equivalents in 2014. The number of inhabitants with a food deficit was about 0.85 billion before the 2008 crisis and was decreasing annually, but it increased abruptly after 2008 up to 1 billion inhabitants and is slowly decreasing now. Assuming a World average water consumption for food of per capita in 2000, in 2050, and in 2100, a volume of water of around was needed in 2000, will be needed in 2050, and in 2100 (Marsily in un en partage. Dunod, Paris, 2009). Can bioenergy be added to food production? Will that much water be available on Earth, and where will it come from? Is climate change going to modify the answers to these questions? Can severe droughts occur? Can there be conflicts related to a food deficit? Some preliminary answers and scenarios for food production will be given in this paper from a viewpoint.''Palynological studies on late Quaternary lake sediments from the region of the Amazon estuary, 100 km north-east of State, Brazil, enable reconstruction of lowland Amazonian rain forest during the Late-glacial and Holocene periods. Late-glacial forests included populations of Podocarpus which suggests a distinct climatic cooling. Ilex was abundant in the early Holocene. Records of the mangrove taxon, Rhizophora, indicate rapid Atlantic sea-level rise in the beginning of the Holocene. High charcoal representation may reflect the first arrival of Amerindians in the Amazon coastal area, probably about 10 800 B.P.''Many studies have investigated how habitat fragmentation affects the taxonomic and functional diversity of species assemblages. However, the joint effects of habitat fragmentation and environmental conditions on taxonomic and functional diversity, for instance across elevational gradients, have largely been neglected so far. In this study, we compare whether taxonomic and functional indicators show similar or distinct responses to forest fragmentation across an elevational gradient. We based our analysis on a comprehensive data set of species-rich bird assemblages from tropical montane forest in the Southern Andes of Ecuador. We monitored birds over in two habitat types (continuous and fragmented forest) at three elevations (i.e., 1000, 2000, and a.s.l) and measured nine morphological traits for each bird species on museum specimens. Bird species richness and abundance were significantly higher in fragmented compared to continuous forests and decreased towards high elevations. In contrast, functional diversity was significantly reduced in fragmented compared to continuous forests at low elevations, but fragmentation effects on functional diversity tended to be reversed at high elevations. Our results demonstrate that taxonomic and functional indicators can show decoupled responses to forest fragmentation and that these effects are highly variable across elevations. Our findings reveal that functional homogenization in bird communities in response to fragmentation can be masked by apparent increases in taxonomic diversity, particularly in diverse communities at low elevations.''Field studies in Amazonian Peru show that thePassiflora vitifolia complex, a microcosm of many larger taxa, is concentrated in Amazonia with 4 ecologically separated species. One species is restricted to seasonally inundated forests, a second to non-inundated white sand soils, a third to non-inundated lateritic soils, and the fourth mostly to non-inundated alluvial soils. A new combination is formally proposed to recognize the white sand taxon, previously regarded as a variety, as a distinct species:P. involucrata. The importance of in maintaining high Amazonian species diversity is emphasized.''The vast majority of cultivated potatoes are vegetatively propagated, outbred autotretraploids. Disease problems dominate the maintenance of vegetative stocks. There have been recent proposals to propagate the crop by sexual seed in order to evade some of those disease problems. Some success has been achieved but controlled crosses are necessary to avoid inbreeding depression and seed propagation is not as cheap or simple as had been hoped. The idea has evoked wide interest throughout the tropics and has had some (and increasing) practical impact on China, India and Vietnam. There is a strong tendency to use borne on crowded nursery plants rather than to grow true seedlings. Some seedling families have looked locally attractive but it is not always realised that to use them implies the abandonment of about half the genetic variation, a heavy price to pay for disease avoidance. There is emerging recognition that vegetative and seed propagation are complementary rather than competitive and that good breeding programmes will therefore serve both. This review concentrates upon genetic/plant breeding aspects of propagation by seed, a subject hitherto largely neglected in the literature.''Around the world, agricultural landscapes are increasingly seen as spaces, expected to deliver food supplies while improving rural livelihoods and protecting and restoring healthy ecosystems. To support this array of functions and benefits, governments and civil society in many regions are now promoting integrated farm- and landscape-scale management strategies, in lieu of fragmented management strategies. While rural producers are fundamental to achieving multi-functional landscapes, they are frequently viewed as targets of, or barriers to, landscape-oriented initiatives, rather than as leading agents of change. In reality, however, rural producers in many areas have embraced elements of multi-functional land management. In this paper, we explore the role and recent evolution of producer movements in influencing multi-functional farm and landscape management. We explore these roles through six case studies, including a land reform movement in Brazil, indigenous territorial development in Bolivia, conservation agriculture associations in Canada, environmental cooperatives in the Netherlands, indigenous and biocultural heritage associations in Peru, and Landcare groups in the Philippines. These experiences suggest that producer movements are playing pivotal roles in supporting landscape multi-functionality, not only through agroecological farming practices but also through off-farm efforts to conserve ecosystems and support multi-stakeholder landscape planning. On the other hand, interests of producer movements are not always fully aligned with multi-functional landscape management approaches. The contribution of producer movements to multi-functional landscapes depends on these movements including farm and landscape stewardship in their values and goals, and having the political support and capacity to engage meaningfully in multi-stakeholder processes.'Recent expeditions to the northern Cordillera Occidental of the Colombian Andes and preliminary work on a revision of Drymonia (Gesneriaceae, tribe Episcieae) have resulted in the discovery of a new species. The new species, Drymonia crispa, is a scandent shrub with maroon pedicels; lanceolate calyx lobes that are sinuate with a prominent midvein; and a campanulate corolla that is white suffused with pink.''Demographic change is supposed to be the most important indirect driver for changing biodiversity. In this article, a systematic review of 148 studies was conducted to examine the scientific evidence for this relationship and to identify potential gaps in research. We explored the spatial distribution of studies, the categories addressed with respect to biodiversity and demographic change, and the ways in which their relationships were conceptualised (spatially and temporally) and valued. The majority of studies were carried out in Africa, Europe and North America. Our analysis confirms the trend that demographic phenomena were mostly found to negatively influence biodiversity. However, a considerable number of studies also point towards impacts that were context dependent, either positive or negative under certain circumstances. In addition to that we identified significant gaps in research. In particular, there is a lack of addressing (1) other demographic aspects such as population decline, age structure or gender differences, (2) spatial variability of, e.g. human population growth, (3) long-term effects of demographic processes, and (4) the context dependency (e.g. regulations/law enforcement, type of human activities, and choice of scale or proxy). We conclude there is evidence that the relationship between biodiversity and demographic change is much more complex than expected and so far represented in research. Thus, we call for a biodiversity research that particularly focusses on the functional relation between biodiversity and human activities, namely the different types, context, and interdependent dynamics (spatial and temporal) of this complex relation.''Secondary forests account for a large amount of subtropical forest due to persistent anthropogenic disturbance in China. The interaction between vegetation and soil during recovery process is rather complex and dependent on forest conditions. Understanding how vegetation and soil properties changes and how their relationship develops in secondary forests is key to effective forest restoration and management. Here we explored the patterns of vegetation and soil properties as well as their correlations during forest recovery process in a subtropical forest in south China. Plots of three forest types, i.e., broadleaf-conifer mixed forest, broadleaved forest and old growth stand, were established to represent the recovery stages. The results showed that diversity patterns in the tree, shrub and herb layers were different: in the tree layer the species diversity peaked at the intermediate stage, while in the understory layers it decreased chronologically. Most of the soil factors showed an increasing trend, and different effects of soil factors were found for the three layers as well as for the two spatial scales. Together, our results suggested that vegetation and soil might be interdependent during the recovery course. Further studies are needed on exploring how vegetation interplays with soil at different scales and how nutrient limitations affects the vegetation development in a chronosequence.''In order to better understand how flooding and gap formation affect Amazonian rainforests, I set up plots both in three major forest types that differed by flooding duration (referred to here as dry, wet, very wet) and in their respective gaps. Sampling of those plots after 4 years of regeneration showed: (1) common species exist between wet forests and their gaps and between wet and very wet gaps, (2) tree richness is maximum in dry forest and minimum in very wet gaps except in the wet gaps that show the second highest number of species, (3) there were less stems in gaps compared to forests and less stems in forests as flooding increased, except again in the wet gaps, and (4) dominance-diversity curves have more dominance by single species in the dry gap plots compared to other gaps and in dry forest compared to other forests. In general while some aspects of structure such as tree stem density is largely determined by tree-fall gap dynamics, tree composition is determined by flooding regime. Finally a jump in tree richness in wet forests and wet gaps compared to other plots suggests a hypothesis where species from dry and very wet forest and gaps have overlapping ranges in the wet forest and gap. This effect may help explain the high species diversity seen in this part of the Amazon.''Roads are an increasingly common feature of forest landscapes all over the world, and while information accumulates regarding the impacts of roads globally, there remains a paucity of information within tropical regions. Here we investigate the potential for biodiversity impacts from an unmarked road within a rainforest protected area in Western Amazonia. We focus on three key taxonomic groups; amphibians, butterflies and birds, each of which have been shown to be both sensitive and reliable indicators of forest disturbance. In total, 315 amphibians of 26 different species, 348 butterflies of 65 different species, 645 birds representing 77 different species were captured using mist netting and 877 bird records representing 79 different species were recorded using point counts. We provide evidence to show that the presence of a small unmarked road significantly altered levels of faunal species richness, diversity, relative abundance and community structure. This was true to a varying degree for all three taxa, up to and potentially beyond into the forest interior. Responses to the road were shown to be taxon specific. We found increasing proximity to the road had a negative effect on amphibian and understorey bird communities, whilst butterfly and overall diurnal bird communities responded positively. We show that the impact on biodiversity extends up to at least of the whole reserve area; a serious impact under any scenario. This work provides support for recently voiced calls to limit networks of unmarked roads in order to realistically and effectively preserve natural levels of tropical biodiversity.''The Millennium Seed Bank (MSB) Partnership, developed and managed by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew (RBG Kew), conserves propagules primarily from orthodox seed-bearing wild vascular plants. It is the largest ex situ conservation programme in the world, currently involving 96 countries and territories. Where possible, seeds are collected and conserved in the country of origin with duplicates being sent to RBG MSB for storage. In this paper we assess the conservation value of the germplasm stored at the MSB using both quantitative and qualitative methods. The MSB holdings represent a high quality, rich biological resource. Substantial and unique taxonomic diversity exists amongst the collections, representing 365 families, 5813 genera, 36,975 species and 39,669 taxa conserved. The collections cover a wide geographic range, originating from 189 countries and territories, representing all nine bio-geographic regions and all 35 biodiversity hotspots. The collections possess significant natural capital and population value: 32% of taxa, representing 49% of collections, have at least one identified use to humans; and 74% of taxa, representing 78% of collections, are either endemic, endangered (nationally or globally) and/or have an economic, ecological, social, cultural or scientific value. While 10% of taxa, representing of collections, are either extinct, rare or vulnerable to extinction at the global and/or national level, 20% of taxa, representing 13% collections, are endemic at the country or territory scale. Over the 17-year period since 2000 at least 11,182 seed samples, representing 12% of taxa and 8% of collections, have been distributed globally for conservation, research, education and display. This analysis highlighted collection gaps in MSB holdings in relation to their geographic representativeness, the taxonomic diversity of large families and genera of angiosperms, and coverage of threatened taxa. Further analysis across the entire MSB Partnership is required to underpin future collection activities and maximize the usefulness of collections.''The Beni savannas (locally referred to as pampas) is composed of two clearly differentiated ecoregions, the Llanos de Moxos (or Moxos) and the Beni Cerrado. Both tropical savannas are shaped to a greater (Moxos) or lesser (Beni Cerrado) by cycles of drought and flood and the labor of generation of farmers. It contains floristic elements of four biogeographic regions (Amazonian, Chaco, Cerrado and Chiquitana). However, in spite of their biological richness, they are little represented in the National System of Protected Areas (SNAP, in Spanish). By employing an ecoregion and sub-ecoregion approach, we examined the representation of both savanna-type ecoregions in the Departmental System of Protected Areas (SDAP, in Spanish), which includes national, departmental, municipal, and private protected areas. The study also enabled us to compare newest ecoregion/vegetation zones maps as applied to the both savannas and to produce a sub-ecoregion map for the Beni department (northeastern Bolivia). Our results show that the Llanos de Moxos and the Beni Cerrado are found in protected areas of departmental and municipal level. Although they are still under-represented (mainly the Beni Cerrado), they have nonetheless important extensions inside these protected areas. A better representation of these zones would guarantee improved levels of protection of these unique ecosystems. On the other hand, our study shows the importance of the conservation-representation target relationships (sensu Rodrigues et al. 2004). This is the first time that this approach is used to examine gaps of floristic representativeness of savanna-type ecoregions showing that the traditional 10% minimal conservation target should be used with caution.''Leaf litter ants are an important group of organisms for informing conservation planning. This study presents the beginning of a leaf litter ant dataset for Guyana. Following the ants of the leaf litter protocol, ants were extracted from sifted leaf litter sampled along eight transects from across Guyana. A total of 230 species were collected from 44 genera. Of those 230 species, 122 species (ca. 53%) were found at only one site. Out of the 122 species found at only one site, 43 species (ca. 19%) were singletons, being known from only one specimen. Using a cluster analysis, faunistic composition was compared among sites. While the lowland sites accounted for the highest species richness, Mt. Ayanganna possessed an especially distinctive ant fauna and may represent a center of endemism. Three leaf litter ant communities were identified: lowland and two Mt. Ayanganna communities, mid-elevation and upper elevation. Recent mining operations on Mt. Ayanganna threaten its pristine nature and this study confirms the need for further biological study of the area. With upwards of 70% of its area still forested Guyana has the opportunity to preserve its biological heritage before widespread deforestation occurs. If expanded, this leaf litter ant dataset will be increasingly useful for country-wide conservation planning.''This study documents 354 species of wild edible plants consumed in southern Ecuador, an area with a very high species diversity. Southern Ecuador is inhabited by Mestizo farmers and by small communities of indigenous Shuar and Saraguros. The majority (85%) of the 354 species have edible fruits. Various regional food and drink preparations in which wild plants are used are described. Most (86%), however, are consumed raw. Thirtyeight percent have additional uses, primarily as fuelwood and timber. The fruits or other edible parts of 21 species are sold at local and regional markets. Three new species were discovered during this study.'Abstract not available"In this report the state of knowledge of sediment transport by rivers of the Amazon drainage basin is reviewed. On an annual basis the Amazon river transports about tons of sediment from the South American continent to the ocean, which puts it among the world's largest rivers in this respect. The main source of sediment is erosion in the Andes mountains and this material is progressively diluted with sediment poor runoff from lowland draining tributaries. Almost half of the Amazon river transport is attributable to one tributary, the Rio Madeira t/y). The Rio Negro, which drains the N crystalline shield, has a comparable water discharge to the Rio Madeira, but only contributes t/y. In general the sediments in transport are about 1% organic carbon by weight and this results in an annual particulate carbon to the oceans of t/y. Total carbon transport, particulate plus dissolved, is about twice this amount."'We performed a Landsat 5-TM derived normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) analysis in a semi-arid watershed in the Andes of southern Peru from 1985 to 2010. There, pastoralists rely on wetlands (bofedales) particularly during dry season months and in drought. We calculated annual dry season NDVI for 20 of the from 1985 to 2010 and used the mean to delineate wetlands in the watershed. To investigate the trends in NDVI, a multiple regression model with the covariates precipitation, temperature, Julian day, and year of image acquisition was performed on each cell (three million individual regressions). Results indicate there is a modest increase in NDVI for the majority of cells in the watershed. Approximately of wetland areas display a decrease in NDVI. Dry season NDVI is moderately correlated with wet season precipitation but absent a trend in precipitation, NDVI trends are not explained by this variable. Changes in land management may result in more intensive use of wetlands, causing the decreasing vegetation trends in some locations.''BackgroundMaize landraces from South America have traditionally been assigned to two main categories: Andean and Tropical Lowland germplasm. However, the genetic structure and affiliations of the lowland gene pools have been difficult to assess due to limited sampling and the lack of comparative analysis. Here, we examined SSR and Adh2 sequence variation in a diverse sample of maize landraces from lowland middle South America, and performed a comprehensive integrative analysis of population structure and diversity including already published data of archaeological and extant specimens from the Americas. Geographic distribution models were used to explore the relationship between environmental factors and the observed genetic structure.ResultsBayesian and multivariate analyses of population structure showed the existence of two previously overlooked lowland gene pools associated with indigenous communities of middle South America. The singularity of this germplasm was also evidenced by the frequency distribution of microsatellite repeat motifs of the Adh2 locus and the distinct spatial pattern inferred from geographic distribution models.ConclusionOur results challenge the prevailing view that lowland middle South America is just a contact zone between Andean and Tropical Lowland germplasm and highlight the occurrence of a unique, locally adapted gene pool. This information is relevant for the conservation and utilization of maize genetic resources, as well as for a better understanding of environment-genotype associations.''The vertical, latitudinal, and circumcontinental zonality of the distribution of the species, genera, and families of recent brachiopods is considered. The distortions of the latitudinal and meridional symmetry of the biogeographic structure of the ocean are analyzed in view of the patterns of the global circulation of the surface and intermediate waters. Thus ancient faunas may be reconstructed based on data on the structural characteristics of the taxocene of recent brachiopods. The features of the paedomorphic evolution of brachiopods from the different families in extreme habitats (interstitial, underwater caverns, submarine rises, abyssal depths, hydrothermal areas, and margins of habitats) are discussed. The biogeographic structure of bottom dwellers is shown to simplify with depth as well as with simplification of the hydrological structure of the ocean. The important role of the bathyal oceanic zone (slopes of continents, islands, submarine mountains, ridges, and rises) in the preservation of faunal relicts is shown. The historical change from brachiopods to bivalves that occurred from the Paleozoic to the Mesozoic and Cenozoic is shown to have resulted not from competitive exclusion, but from complex and global changes in the plankton composition, which were unfavorable for articulate brachiopods, which had already developed specialized feeding habits, feeding on food that led to the production of almost no metabolic waste products; they had even partly lost their alimentary canal. The development of shelly plankton and, especially, of diatoms hampered the post-Paleozoic revival of large assemblages of articulate brachiopods in shallow-water habitats. The unfilled ecological niches were colonized by bivalves, which were widely adapted to feeding on live phyto-and zooplankton. Recent articulate brachiopods, which are adapted to feeding on the products of decay of dead plankton, form a belt of densely populated settlements of the organic biofilter outside the photic zone on the seaward edge of shelves and on the upper parts of the slopes of continents, islands, and submarine rises throughout the world.''The Rufous-tailed Hummingbird (Amazilia tzacatl De la Llave, 1832), a widespread inhabitant of Central America and NW South America, currently comprises two subspecies (A. t. tzacatl andA. t. jucunda). Another taxon of the species complex isA. t. handleyi (Wetmore, 1963), initially described as an allospecies but here regarded only as a subspecies ofA. tzacatl. Based on diverging morphological features, the amount of geographical variation ofA. tzacatl in its South American range suggests the distinction of further populations. As a taxonomical consequence, we recognize the validity ofA. t. fuscicaudata (Fraser, 1840), and describe a new subspecies,A. t. brehmi subspec. nov., from Colombia.''A survey of crustose microlichens at Los Amigos Biological Station in Amazonian Peru revealed 116 species of Graphidaceae at this site. This is the second highest number of Graphidaceae ever reported for a single site world-wide, after the Surumoni crane station in Venezuela, with 131 species, and followed by Fakahatchee Strand Park Preserve in Florida, with 111 species. Based on the number of Graphidaceae found at Los Amigos, we predict the total lichen species richness at this site to be approximately 700 species. Of the 116 species encountered at Los Amigos, 59 were graphidoid species (former Graphidaceae s.str.) and 67 thelotremoid species (former Thelotremataceae). The following 18 species are described as new: Ampliotrema sorediatum Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Chapsa hypoconstictica Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Chapsa scabiocarpa Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Chapsa subsorediata Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Diorygma nigricans Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Fissurina flavomedullosa Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Fissurina platythecioides Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Graphis apertoinspersa Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Graphis pitmanii Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Leucodecton inspersum Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Ocellularia cicra Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Ocellularia fenestrata Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Ocellularia microsorediata Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Ocellularia natashae Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Ocellularia plicata Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Ocellularia protoinspersa Rivas Plata & spec. nova, Ocellularia pustulata Rivas Plata & spec. nova, and Thelotrema amazonicum Rivas Plata & spec. nova.'Abstract not available'Tropical dry forests are among the most diverse and threatened habitats in the world, yet they are rarely protected and remain poorly studied. In Brazil, dry forests are naturally fragmented and embedded within various biomes, thus making it important to assess biotic homogeneity among geographically separated forest fragments. We sampled 7732 individuals belonging to 48 species to quantify the diversity of fruit-feeding butterfly communities at four Brazilian dry forest sites, and found differences in community structure between northern and central sites. Species richness per plot was the same in both areas, but abundance per plot was higher in northern sites. Species composition differed between sites mostly due to species of Satyrinae. Additive partitioning showed that beta diversity corresponded to 70.1% of all diversity. Rather than species loss, beta diversity primarily represented species turnover that was potentially driven by differences in the surrounding habitats. Butterfly community composition and abundance were influenced by vegetation where abundance increased with tree density and basal area, and decreased with the average tree height. Butterfly species richness and abundance were higher in the wet season than in the dry season, and all species sampled in the dry season were present in the wet season. Differences in community structure across relatively short geographic distances in the same type of habitat highlight the importance of conserving tropical dry forest fragments to ensure the maintenance of butterfly diversity and, presumably, other insects.''Determining underlying factors that foster deforestation and delineating forest areas by levels of susceptibility are of the main challenges when defining policies for forest management and planning at regional scale. The susceptibility to deforestation of remaining forest ecosystems (shrubland, temperate forest and rainforest) was conducted in the state of San Luis Potosi, located in north central Mexico. Spatial analysis techniques were used to detect the deforested areas in the study area during Logistic regression was used to relate explanatory variables (such as social, investment, forest production, biophysical and proximity factors) with susceptibility to deforestation to construct predictive models with two focuses: general and by biogeographical zone. In all models, deforestation has positive correlation with distance to rainfed agriculture, and negative correlation with slope, distance to roads and distance to towns. Other variables were significant in some cases, but in others they had dual relationships, which varied in each biogeographical zone. The results show that the remaining rainforest of Huasteca region is highly susceptible to deforestation. Both approaches show that more than 70% of the current rainforest area has high and very high levels of susceptibility to deforestation. The values represent a serious concern with global warming whether tree carbon is released to atmosphere. However, after some considerations, encouraging forest environmental services appears to be the best alternative to achieve sustainable forest management.''When considering Neotropical Lepidoptera for conservation purposes moths are usually neglected because little is known about their biology, ecology and taxonomy. Using light-traps, we sampled moths in the subfamily Arctiinae (Noctuoidea: Erebidae) along an elevational transect asl) on a steep slope of Atlantic Forest in the southern region of Serra do Mar, Brazil. Serra do Mar assemblages clustered according to three elevational zones. We recorded 294 species of Arctiinae in Serra do Mar, and an approach using rarefaction and extrapolation indicated that species richness decreases with increasing elevation, similarly to patterns found in southern Ecuador and Costa Rica, although diversity in Serra do Mar is lower than in southern Ecuador. The elevational transect samples from Serra do Mar were compared with available data for two other biomes. For such comparative analyses, we focused on the tribe Arctiini, for which assemblages were partitioned into Serra do Mar, Interior Atlantic forest and Pampa. The Brazilian Pampa was expected to be less diverse due to low habitat complexity, but it was not possible to explain the higher diversity of Arctiines in Serra do Mar compared to Interior Atlantic Forest. This discrepancy and the probable reasons behind it are discussed, and directions for future research are proposed. Undoubtedly, there is a great need of extensive taxonomical revisions and basic biology research on Arctiines in the Atlantic Forest, Pampa and probably in other tropical and subtropical habitats. These data should be used to improve future biodiversity research and to produce high quality information as a foundation for effective conservation measures.''In light of the growing concern over the potentially devastating impacts on biodiversity and food security of climate change and the massively growing world population, taking action to conserve crop wild relatives (CWR), is no longer an option it is a priority. Crop wild relatives are species closely related to crops, including their progenitors, many of which have the potential to contribute beneficial traits to crops, such as pest or disease resistance, yield improvement or stability. They are a critical component of plant genetic resources for food and agriculture (PGRFA), have already made major contributions to crop production and are vital for future food security; their systematic conservation in ways that ensure their continuing availability for use is therefore imperative. This is a complex, interdisciplinary, global issue that has been addressed by various national and international initiatives. Drawing on the lessons learnt from these initiatives we can now propose a global approach to CWR conservation, the key elements of which are: (1) estimating global CWR numbers, (2) assessment of the global importance of CWR diversity, (3) current conservation status, (4) threats to CWR diversity, (5) systematic approaches to CWR conservation, (6) CWR informatics, and (7) enhancing the use of CWR diversity.''The effect of cold and sucrose pretreatment for increasing tolerance to cryopreservation was evaluated with eight diverse genotypes, six cultivars belonging to the cultivated species, Solanum tuberosum spp., S. tuberosum subsp. andigena, S. x juzepczukii and S. x ajanhuiri, and two genotypes from the wild species, S. commersonii. In vitro plantlets were cultured at either 6 or in media supplemented with either 0.07 or sucrose prior to droplet PVS2 cryopreservation. The sucrose pretreatment appeared to have no positive effect on post-cryo survival. The cold-hardening pretreatment increased significantly post-cryo recovery in drought and frost tolerant cultivars. When 755 accessions, representing 10 taxa, were cryopreserved after cold-hardening, responded with at least one shoot recovering and showed a high recovery rate Therefore this method is recommended for the long term conservation of diverse accessions of potato germplasm.'neesiana (Trin. and Rupr.) (Chilean needle grass), native to South America, has naturalised sporadically in the UK, France, Italy and Spain, and more widely in Australia and New Zealand, where it has become a serious grassland weed. As a first step towards a global risk analysis we project a CLIMEX model of N. neesiana distribution globally under current climate and six future climate scenarios. Under current climate, areas not yet invaded, but climatically suitable, are eastern and south-western Africa, the north-west coast and south-eastern USA in North America, high-elevation areas in Central America, south-eastern China, northern Africa along the Mediterranean Sea, parts of Nepal, India and Pakistan, and Europe. Under the future climate scenarios, a mean global reduction of 32% in the area of suitable climate is projected, with marked reductions in the native range (34%) and also in Africa (67%), Asia (30%), North America (36%), and Australia (42%). These range contractions are primarily attributable to projected increases in temperatures leading to lethal heat stress excluding the plant from areas currently designated as sub-tropical and tropical humid. By contrast, projected expansions eastward in Europe and westward in New Zealand, result in increases in suitable area of 70 and 60%, respectively. Based on these results, which were consistent across the climate-change scenarios, the countries most at risk from N. neesiana are located in western and eastern Europe. A prudent biosecurity strategy would be to prevent the species spreading from the nascent foci already established there. Such a containment strategy would require controls to limit human-assisted dispersal of the fruit and to ban the species from propagation and distribution throughout Europe.''Knowledge of species richness centers is necessary for the design of conservation areas. In this study, we present a GIS analysis of two years of field data on animal and plant diversity distributions in evergreen, coastal rain forests of southern Chile Despite their high endemism, these forests have remained largely unprotected. Field records were complemented with data from museum collections and scientific literature. We used selected environmental variables (evapotranspiration, altitude) and, in some cases, forest types as predictors of species distributions. Our study focused on the distribution of forest bryophytes, vascular plants, soil invertebrates, amphibians and birds. We generated distributional maps for each taxa based on their field records in the study area, complemented by natural history information, except in the case of bryophytes and soil invertebrates. In general, species richness was lower at elevation or above for all the taxa studied. Species richness tends to increase in the northern sector of the study area. We observed a greater richness of vascular plants near rivers and streams, and noted important floristic differences between west and east-facing slopes of the Coastal Range, with more species in the oriental side. Because species in high altitude forests are not a subset of those found at lower elevations, we propose that conservation strategies should prioritize the protection of the entire altitudinal gradient of the southern Coastal Range, especially in the more diverse oriental and northern sectors.''Tropical peat swamp forests (PSF) are characterized by high quantities of carbon (C) stored as organic soil deposits due to waterlogged conditions which slows down decomposition. Globally, Peru has one of the largest expanse of tropical peatlands, located primarily within the river basin in the Northwestern Peru. Peatland forests in Peru are dominated by a palm flexuosa, and M. flexuosa-dominated forests cover of total peatland area and store C. However, hydrologic alterations, land cover change, and anthropogenic disturbances could lead to degradation and loss of valuable ecosystem services. Therefore, evaluation of degradation impacts on structure, biomass, and overall C stocks could provide an estimate of potential C losses into the atmosphere as greenhouse gases (GHG) emissions. This study was carried out in three regions within river basin to quantify floristic composition and degradation status and total ecosystem C stocks. There was a tremendous range in C stocks (Mg in various ecosystem down woody debris litter and soil (top Mean ecosystem C stocks accounting for the top soil were 400, 570, and in Itaya, Tigre, and Samiria river basins, respectively. Considering the entire soil depth, mean ecosystem C stocks were 670, 1160, and in Itaya, Tigre, and Samiria river basins, respectively. Floristic composition and calcium to Magnesium (Ca/Mg) ratio of soil profile offered evidence of a site undergoing vegetational succession and transitioning from minerotrophic to ombrotrophic system. Degradation ranged from low to high levels of disturbance with no significant difference between regions. Increased degradation tended to decrease vegetation and forest floor C stocks and was significantly correlated to reduced M. flexuosa biomass C stocks. Long-term studies are needed to understand the linkages between M. flexuosa harvest and palm swamp forest C stocks; however, river dynamics are important natural drivers influencing forest succession and transition in this landscape.''The quality of Ecuadorian cacao is presently threatened by the introduction of hybrid material. An estimation of genetic diversity in Ecuador is required in order to avoid the loss of fine flavored cocoa. Genetic variability amongst 60 Ecuadorian genotypes of Theobroma cacao has been evaluated using molecular and phenotypic markers. The two distance matrices derived from the molecular and phenotypic data were found to be correlated (R2 = 0.5). Dynamic clustering analyses classified the genotypes in two or three groups depending on the markers used. The genotypes coming from Arteaga (SA) and Balao Chico (BCH) plantations appeared related to each other suggesting a common genetic origin. They also may be considered as a distinct group with high RFLP homozygosity. The EETP Experimental Tropical Pichilingue of Ecuador) collection was comprised of more variable genotypes possessing variable heterozygosity levels. The low heterozygous genotypes may be genetically related to SA and BCH trees, whereas the higher heterozygous genotypes may have resulted from hybridizations between original Nacional material of Ecuador and genotypes imported from Trinidad at the beginning of the century. Thus genetic introgression may have occurred giving rise to a range of variation between Nacional and hybrid forms.''Biogeographic transitions may play a significant role in generating unique biodiversity patterns along different spatial dimensions of the geobiosphere. The extent, however, to which the presence of large-scale biogeographic transitions interacts with local environmental variation to account for elevational patterns in species diversity still remains elusive. To address this issue, we analysed the association of local variation in environmental variables (temperature, precipitation, vegetation cover, plant species richness and soil conditions) with the taxonomic and functional structuring of ant species assemblages on five elevation gradients across a well-established biogeographic transition between Subantarctic forests and high-Andean steppes in north-western Patagonia (Argentina). Data on the presence/absence of 15 ant species were obtained from 486 pitfall traps arranged in fifty-four grid plots of nine traps, established at intervals of approximately elevation, measured from the base to the summit of each mountain. The elevational replacement of lowland shrublands and forests by stunted forests and high Andean steppes was associated with a decrease in species richness; minimum richness (or even absence of ants on some mountains) was recorded at intermediate elevations. Ant richness decreased as temperature decreased and as tree canopy cover increased; however, temperature was the strongest predictor of richness. About of elevational variation in richness was accounted for by temperature, independently of tree canopy cover and macrohabitats; another was accounted for by the shared effects of temperature and macrohabitats. The presence of some species was associated with lowland shrublands and forests but the high Andean steppes were inhabited mainly by ubiquitous species, i.e. widespread species whose presence was recorded in all macrohabitats. We concluded that the transition between the Subantarctic forests and high Andean steppes represents a sharp barrier to ant elevational distribution. This, in association with elevational variation in continuous environmental functions, mainly temperature, influences the richness and taxonomic and functional structuring of ant species assemblages at temperate latitudes of the southern hemisphere.'Abstract not available'This paper describes a new, simple, quantitative technique for evaluating the relative usefulness of plants to people. The technique is then compared to the quantitative approaches in ethnobotany that have been developed recently. Our technique is used to calculate the importance of over 600 species of woody plants to non-indigenous mestizo people in Tambopata, Amazonian Peru. Two general classes of hypotheses are formulated and tested statistically, concerning (1) the relative importance of different species, and (2) the importance of different families. The plant families are compared with respect to all uses, and with respect to five broad groups of uses. Palms, Annonaceae, and Lauraceae were found to be the most useful woody plant families. On average, the 20 largest woody plant families are most important to mestizos for subsistence construction materials, followed in descending order by commercial, edible, technological, and medicinal uses.''This study draws together information on several aspects of species diversity in Scopulini (Lepidoptera: Geometridae, Sterrhinae) on a world-wide scale. Eight variables, describing for example rates of species description, synonymy rates, and geographical distribution of the Scopulini and its constituent genera, were coded for all putatively valid species of Scopulini and were incorporated into a computerized database. The dynamics of species descriptions per decade shows that it peaked around 1900, remained high until the 1940s, and the cumulative curve is yet to reach an asymptote. Both absolute and cumulative curves of species descriptions per decade have taken a variety of forms in the different biogeographical regions. Amongst biogeographical regions the number of synonyms per species is broadly related, that is, the more valid names, the more synonyms. The distributions of the total number of synonyms associated with valid species names and the numbers of authors describing different numbers of species are both right-skewed. Based on the distribution of the type localities of the putatively valid species, the Scopulini are a cosmopolitan group. The biogeographical regions where most species have been described from were found to be the African, especially sub-Saharan areas, and the Orient, whereas the low number of described species of the Neotropics is noticeable. The number of described species in relation to latitude follows roughly the shape of a normal distribution, being highest at low latitudes with a peak in temperate zones in the Northern hemisphere, and decreasing towards higher latitudes. The underlying causes for patterns of species descriptions are discussed, and the results of our analyses are in part used to estimate actual numbers of the Scopulini species occurring in each geographical area.''Knowledge on the distribution and hotspots of different taxon groups is indispensable for improving the state of biodiversity protection. Our aim was to determine if the relations between major environmental factors and species richness of two plant groups, mosses and vascular plants differ on a global scale. The dependence of species richness on environmental factors in 50 regions, covering of the global terrestrial territory, was analysed with SAS statistical software. Species richness of vascular plants increases significantly towards the equator, but for mosses the increase is not significant. Species richness of mosses and vascular plants are significantly positively correlated only in the near equator zone. Although there were similarities in the trends of mosses and vascular plant diversities at a global scale, their relations with some factors differ with distance from the equator. The effect of precipitation on species richness is similar for both plant groups, but coastline length has a significant positive influence only on moss richness, whereas species richness of vascular plants was related strongly to area and energy input. Therefore, effective conservation policy at both local and global scale demands consideration of all diversity drivers of different taxon groups.''We describe 11 new pteridophyte species belonging to various families from Bolivia: Dennstaedtiaceae:Hypolepis, scandens, Hypolepis minima; Pteridaceae:Cheilanthes glutinosa, Eriosorus angustus, E. ascendens, E. madidiensis; Tectariaceae:Tectaria jimenezii; and Woodsiaceae:Athyrium latinervatum. Diplazium bipinnatum, D. bolivianum, D. yuyoense. The following new combinations are proposed:Anemia australis, Diplazium andicola, D. andinum, andD. petiolulatum.Polystichum maximum is proposed as a new name forPolystichum giganteum.''Previous examination of intraspecific mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) diversity in common bean, Phaseolus vulgaris, showed that five restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) distinguish the mitochondrial genomes of the two major gene pools of cultivated beans, the Mesoamerican and the Andean. In the study presented here, mtDNA was used to compare the amount of diversity in cultivated beans to that in collections of wild beans to gain an understanding of how and when the mitochondrial genomes of the gene pools became distinct. The mtDNA of six wild bean accessions from Central and South America were digested with nine restriction endonucleases and analyzed by Southern hybridization. A total of twenty RFLPs were detected demonstrating a significantly higher amount of mtDNA variability in wild beans than in cultivated ones. All of the wild beans had the same mtDNA pattern for four out of the five inter-gene pool RFLPs, indicating that the polymorphism arose soon after domestication: two in the gene pool of the cultivated Mesoamerican beans and two in the gene pool of the cultivated Andean beans. The fifth RFLP must have occurred before domestication since the locus was also polymorphic in the wild beans. Wild beans from the south Andes were distinct and less variable than wild accessions of the north Andes and Mesoamerica. The distribution of mtDNA RFLPs among the wild beans supports the concept of two distinct domestication events for P. vulgaris.''Archaeologists working on the complex societies of Latin America have made impressive empirical advances on a number of fronts during the past five years. This article focuses on economic, social, and political issues, using the following topics for organization: intensive agriculture, demography, exchange, households, urbanism, chiefdoms, and state-level polities. For each topic, I review recent archaeological research and summarize pertinent theoretical issues. Unfortunately, the heavy accumulation of new archaeological results is not matched by the conceptual advances that are needed to explore the analytical significance of the data.''A cladistic analysis was performed using nucleotide sequence variation in therps16 intron and thetrmL-F region (plastid DNA).Arcytophyllum belongs in a subclade of the tribe Spermacoceae (s.l.) together with the American species presently classified in the generaHedyotis andHoustonia. This subclade is morphologically characterized by cymbiform seeds.Arcytophyllum is the sister group of all AmericanHedyotis andHoustonia and it is suggeste that these latter would be most conveniently treated as a single genus, the correct name of which would beHoustonia.Arcytophyllum should be circumscribed such that it excludesA. serpyllaceum, which is not a member of theArcytophyllum-Houstonia clade but more closely related toBouvardia. The phylogeny that was reconstructed suggests that the ancestral area of theArcytophyllum-Houstonia clade is the South American tectonic plate.''The family Melastomataceae shows two major modes of dispersal for its small seeds: wind for capsular fruits, and birds for berry-type fruits. Distribution patterns of these two dispersal types differ. We focus on evolutionary diversification of bird-dispersed melastomes in the New World, in relation to that of their avian dispersers. We first examine in detail patterns of melastome fruit availability and consumption by understory birds in a Costa Rican rain forest. Although a relatively small portion of total fruit available in most months, melastomes comprised a major component of the diet of all bird groups studied, most notably manakins and most tanagers, which in turn were the major consumers of melastome fruits. Examination of data from several other neotropical areas confirms the importance of the manakins and tanagers as the avian frugivores most closely associated with the melastomes. These two groups differ in their manner of fruit consumption, being and respectively. The patterns of species richness of small mashers in several Neotropical areas conform very closely to the distribution patterns of bird-dispersed melastomes; both are most speciose in wet forests of middle elevations. Gulpers, especially manakins, are most diverse at low elevations. Thus, the small-seeded melastome berry appears to have evolved primarily in association with masher-type frugivores such as tanagers; with the later addition of manakins to their disperser spectrum, the melastomes may have increased greatly in local abundance, but not (yet?) in diversity, in the wet lowland neotropics.''Tracking changes in biodiversity through time requires an understanding of the relationship between modern diversity and how this diversity is preserved in the fossil record. Fossil pollen is one way in which past vegetation diversity can be reconstructed. However, there is limited understanding of modern pollen-vegetation diversity relationships from biodiverse tropical ecosystems. Here, pollen (palynological) richness and diversity (Hill N1) are compared with vegetation richness and diversity from forest and savannah ecosystems in the New World and Old World tropics (Neotropics and Palaeotropics). Modern pollen data were obtained from artificial pollen traps deployed in 1-ha vegetation study plots from which vegetation inventories had been completed in Bolivia and Ghana. Pollen counts were obtained from 15 to 22 traps per plot, and aggregated pollen sums for each plot were The palynological richness/diversity values from the Neotropics were moist evergreen semi-deciduous dry wooded and from the Palaeotropics wet evergreen semi-deciduous moist forest-savannah the corresponding vegetation richness/diversity was 100/36.7, 80/38.7 and 71/39.4 (Neotropics), and 101/54.8, 87/45.5 and 71/34.5 (Palaeotropics). No consistent relationship was found between palynological richness/diversity, and plot vegetation richness/diversity, due to the differential influence of other factors such as landscape diversity, pollination strategy, and pollen source area. Palynological richness exceeded vegetation richness, while pollen diversity was lower than vegetation diversity. The relatively high global diversity of tropical vegetation was found to be reflected in the pollen rain.'is a large multi-disciplinary project, now in its fourth year, concerned with the effects of changing land use on the ecology and climate of the Brazilian Amazon. It is primarily concerned with investigating the water, carbon and nutrient cycles, and brings together about 80 scientists from a number of Brasilian institutes, but especially from INPA in Manaus, CENA/USP in Piracicaba and EMBRAPA/CPATU in Belem.Major activities include the better identification of water vapour producing precipitation, to establish better water vapour circulation models (via 18O, deuterium and 3H analysis, plus radiosonding); the study of water relations of isolated forest areas; the study of various phases of the carbon cycle especially soil organic matter; primary production; and nitrogen and soil fertility studies.A first phase Regional Amazon Model (RAM) for hydrology is being developed, and it should shortly be possible to make a first research-based attempt at modelling the carbon cycle of the Amazon region.This coordinated project represents in most ways the type of research required for the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) and is a major Brasilian initiative.''BackgroundSpecies turnover along elevational gradients is one of the most important concepts in plant ecology. However, there is a lack of consensus about the main driving mechanisms of tree at local scales in very diverse ecosystems (e.g., Andean mountains), as well as how the sampling effect can alter estimations. Recently, it has been hypothesized that patterns of change in at local scales along elevational gradients are driven by sampling effects stemming from differences in the size of the species pool rather than by underlying community assembly mechanisms. Thus, we aim to evaluate the relative extent to which sampling effects, such as species pool size, grain size, and tree size cut-off, determine species sorting, and thus, the variability of at local scales along elevational gradients in the northwest of Colombia.ResultsUsing 15 1-ha permanent plots spread out along a elevational gradient, we used standardized to assess the extent to which either sampling effects or the community assembly mechanisms determine the changes in species composition at local scales. Standardized was measured as the difference between the observed and null divided by the standard deviation of the null We found that the magnitude of change in local along the elevational gradient was significant and dependent on the employed spatial grain size and tree size cut-off. However, increased with elevation in all sampling designs, which suggests that underlying community assembly mechanisms play a key role in shaping local along the elevational gradient.ConclusionsOur findings suggest that grain size enlargement and the inclusion of trees with small diameters will improve our ability to quantify the extent to which the community assembly mechanisms shape patterns of along elevational gradients. Overall, we emphasize the scale-dependent nature of the assessment of Likewise, we call for the need of a new generation of enlarged forest inventory plots along gradients of elevation in tropical forests that include small individuals to improve our understanding about the likely response of diversity and function to global change.''Although the biogeographic history of thrushes (Turdidae) has been extensively studied, a concise discussion of this topic is still lacking. Therefore, in this study we aimed to investigate: (1) the evolutionary origin of the migratory behaviour of the Turdus thrushes in a biogeographic context including (2) trans-Atlantic dispersal events, (3) possible colonization routes into the Nearctic, and (4) relationships among life history traits, ecological factors, and migratory strategies within the most comprehensive taxon set of 72 Turdus thrushes to date. We estimated the ancestral ranges of the studied species, primarily by comparing main biogeographic models (dispersal-vicariance, dispersal-extinction-cladogenesis, BayArea models), and performed phylogenetic generalized least squares analyses to identify relationships among distribution patterns, diet, body measurements, clutch size, and migratory behaviour. We found that the most probable ancestral regions for all Turdus species were located in the East Palearctic realm, followed by early colonization of the western Palearctic and Africa, and that several trans-Atlantic movements occurred between 11 and 4 million years ago, which is earlier than previously thought. Migration emerged as an ancestral behaviour of the genus Turdus, and differences in clutch size and main food types were significant between migratory and non-migratory species. Correlated evolution was found between migration and along-latitudinal mobility, main food type, and the shift in main food type between the seasons. We conclude that along-latitudinal movements may have evolved earlier, simultaneously with the radiation of the Turdus thrushes, followed by the appearance of meridional migration, associated with orographic and climatic changes. The increased clutch sizes observed in migratory species and documented here for thrushes could serve as an important mechanism to compensate for losses due to mortality during migration.''BackgroundMedicinal plant species contribute significantly to folk medicine in Colombia. However, few local studies have investigated whether species used are introduced or native and whether there is a difference in importance of native and introduced medicinal plant species. The aim of the present study was to describe the use of medicinal plants within two municipalities, Campo Hermoso and Zetaquira, both in the department of Colombia and to assess the importance of native and introduced plants to healers, amateur healers and local people. As local healers including amateur healers have no history of introduced species our working hypotheses (H1-2) were that H1: native and introduced medicinal plant species are of equal importance and H2: healers and amateur healers do not differentiate in their preferences between native and introduced medicinal plant species.MethodsTen villages were included in the study. A combination of quantitative and qualitative methods was used including questionnaires, semi-structured interviews, in- depth interviews, and open talks. Voucher specimens were collected in home gardens and during field walks. For data analysis, we calculated use value indices and Jaccard index and tested for the above hypothesis using Spearman rank-correlation coefficients and tests.ResultsEighty medicinal plant species were described by locals as the most frequently used. Of these, 78 species were taxonomically identified, distributed within 41 families and 74 genera, which included 35 native species and 43 introduced. The highest valued families were: Asteraceae, Lamiaceae, Apiaceae, Rutaceae and Verbenaceae. The species ranked highest according to their Use Values, in both municipalities, were Mentha suaveolens Ehrh., Ambrosia cumanensis Kunth, and Verbena littoralis Kunth. Introduced species were more important than native ones in Zetaquira, while there was no difference in importance in Campo Hermoso. While healers relied most on the uses of native species, amateur healers were inclined to rely on introduced species. Medicinal plant administration in both municipalities follow the usual pattern: Leaves are used most commonly prepared by decoction or infusion and administrated orally.ConclusionsThe high proportion of introduced plant species used in the local traditional medicines is similar to the results of a number of other ethnobotanical studies and emphasise the need for efforts to record and maintain traditional knowledge on native species.'Abstract not available'Main conclusionOver the last the process of domesticating culturally-important, highly-nutritious, indigenous food-tree species. Integrating these over-looked species into conventional farming systems as new crops is playing a critical role in raising the productivity of staple food crops and improving the livelihoods of poor smallholder farmers. This experience has important policy implications for the sustainability of tropical/sub-tropical agriculture, the rural economy and the global environment.A participatory domestication process has been implemented in local communities using appropriate horticultural technologies to characterize genetic variation in non-timber forest products and produce putative cultivars by the vegetative propagation of elite trees in rural resource centers. When integrated into mainstream agriculture, these new crops diversify fields and generate income. Together, these outcomes address land degradation and social of the main constraints to staple food beneficial effects on soil fertility, agroecosystem functions, community livelihoods, local trade and employment. Thus, the cultivation of these modified offers a new strategy for the sustainable intensification of tropical agriculture based on the maximization of total factor productivity with minimal environmental and social trade-offs.''We describe the diet of the Spectacled Owl (Pulsatrix perspicillata) based on the collection and analysis of pellets between 20 to 24 December 2016, from a reproductive territory located in Zapotillo, southwestern Ecuador. Mammals were the main food source of the species, accounting for 80% of the identified prey items and 94% of the biomass. Other taxonomic groups, such as amphibians, reptiles and crabs were also identified. Based on our results and the existing observations, P. perspicillata consumed a big amount of arboreal prey or those that are located at medium height within the forest. This may be due to their hunting habits, the abundance of available prey or a combination of both. Our observation is the first to document the diet of the subspecies P. perspiciliata chapmani, and increases scarce knowledge about the trophic ecology of this species.''Ethnobotanists use a variety of interview techniques to collect ethnobotanical data. Drawing upon the results from a quantitative ethnobotanical study in five and Trinitario communities in the Bolivian Amazon, the pros and cons of the following methods are evaluated: (1) interviews in situ during transects, walk-in-the-woods, and homegarden sampling; and (2) interviews ex situ with fresh plant material, voucher specimens, or plant photographs as reference tools. Although the systematic use of plant photographs for ethnobotanical interviews is poorly documented in literature, the results show that participants in our study recognize significantly more plant species from photographs than from voucher specimens. It is argued that, especially in remote and isolated study sites, photographs might be advantageous over voucher specimens.'"BackgroundThe impact of environmental gradients on the evolution of life history traits is a central issue in macroecology and evolutionary biology. A number of hypotheses have been formulated to explain factors shaping patterns of variation in animal mass. One such example is Bergmann's rule, which predicts that body size will be positively correlated with latitude and elevation, and hence, with decreasing environmental temperatures. A generally accepted explanation for this phenotypic response is that as body mass increases, body surface area gets proportionally smaller, which contributes to reduced rates of heat-loss. Phylogenetic and non-phylogenetic evidence reveals that endotherms follow Bergmann's rule. In contrast, while previous non-phylogenetic studies supported this prediction in up to 75% of ectotherms, recent phylogenetic comparative analyses suggest that its validity for these organisms is controversial and less understood. Moreover, little attention has been paid to why some ectotherms conform to this rule, while others do not. Here, we investigate Bergmann's rule in the six main clades forming the Liolaemus genus, one of the largest and most environmentally diverse genera of terrestrial vertebrates. A recent study conducted on some species belonging to four of these six clades concluded that Liolaemus species follow Bergmann's rule, representing the only known phylogenetic support for this model in lizards. However, a later reassessment of this evidence, performed on one of the four analysed clades, produced contrasting conclusions.ResultsOur results fail to support Bergmann's rule in Liolaemus lizards. Non-phylogenetic and phylogenetic analyses showed that none of the studied clades experience increasing body size with increasing latitude and elevation.ConclusionMost physiological and behavioural processes in ectotherms depend directly upon their body temperature. In cold environments, adaptations to gain heat rapidly are under strong positive selection to allow optimal feeding, mating and predator avoidance. Therefore, evolution of larger body size in colder environments appears to be a disadvantageous thermoregulatory strategy. The repeated lack of support for Bergmann's rule in ectotherms suggests that this model should be recognized as a valid rule exclusively for endotherms."'Morphological, vocal and genetic studies have shown that the Madeira River and its right bank tributaries delimit populations of primates and birds. We sequenced the cytochrome b gene (approx. 950 bp) for individuals of three suboscine passerine bird species, Glyphorynchus spirurus (Furnariidae), Willisornis poecilinotus (Thamnophilidae) and Schiffornis turdina (Tityridae), on opposite banks of the Madeira River and two of its right-bank tributaries, the and rivers. Phylogenetic hypotheses (parsimony, maximum likelihood and Bayesian analysis) revealed clades that have over 3.1% genetic differentiation on opposite banks of the Madeira River for G. spirurus, W. poecilinotus and S. turdina, suggesting that this river restricts gene flow among populations of these three species. The and rivers apparently separate distinct populations of G. spirurus, the smallest species we examined, but not those of the other two heavier bodied species, W. poecilinotus and S. turdina. In G. spirurus four clades with high levels of genetic differentiation were found to be delimited by the three rivers evaluated, whereas in W. poecilinotus and S. turdina no genetic structure across the and rivers was detected. In general, birds that are known to show population structure across the Madeira tributaries (Glyphorynchus spirurus, Hemitriccus minor, Hypocnemis rondoni, Herpsilochmus stotzi, and Hylophylax naevius) have body masses smaller than those of both Willisornis poecilinotus and Schiffornis turdina, but some exceptions are discussed. Future studies controlling for several variables are necessary to determine the extent to which body mass is a useful predictor of genetic population structure in understory suboscine passerines.''We review direct and indirect impacts of invasive alien species (focussing on plants and insects) on native bees worldwide. Although there is a rapidly growing body of research into the effects of invasive alien plants on native plant pollination via disruption of native mutualisms, there has been little research on the impacts of invasive alien plants directly on bees. Such impacts are likely to vary according to the taxon of plant, the functional specificity of the native bees, and ecosystem context. Conversely, there have been more attempts to document impacts of invasive alien social bees on native bees. Most of these studies only indirectly evaluate competition for resources, have focused on a few native species and findings are sometimes contradictory. However, some studies showed strong negative impacts, suggesting that effects might be species-specific. Additionally, pathogen spillover and reproductive disruption due to interspecific mating has been demonstrated among some closely related taxa. Where we lack unequivocal evidence for impacts however, this should not be interpreted as lack of effect. We recommend that future studies are robustly designed and consider impacts on genetic, species (particularly solitary bees) and ecosystem biodiversity.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Migratory routes and stopover sites used by migrant landbirds may vary among seasons and years. Understanding the degree of such variation is an important aspect of migrant ecology, especially in South America, where routes and sites are not well known. We studied stopover site use by two Vireo species and three Catharus species in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in northern Colombia during a two-year period. We used capture totals corrected for mist-net effort and density estimates derived from variable distance transect observations performed at sites located at three different altitudes and thus habitats to describe variation in stopover site use. Four of the five study species showed significant seasonal variation in terms of presence, such that ecologically similar species were present during opposite migration periods; for example, Vireo flavoviridis was an autumn migrant, while Vireo olivaceus was commonest in spring. A similar pattern was observed for Catharus fuscescens and Catharus minimus. We detected differences in density with habitat/altitude, with C. minimus and Catharus ustulatus most abundant in pre-montane forest, while C. fuscescens abundance peaked in lowland forest. At the same altitude, Catharus species were more abundant in pre-montane forest than in shade coffee plantations. The abundance of C. ustulatus varied markedly between years during autumn migration, potentially in association with changes in the prevailing wind conditions. The temporal and spatial variation in stopover site use described here provides important insights into migratory strategies for Neotropical migrants within northern South America, and also regarding the multiple factors that may have shaped these strategies.''The behavior and ecology ofAlouatta palliate well studied; we report here on the first long-term study of anotherAlouatta species, the red howler monkey,A. seniculus. AlthoughA. seniculus was studied at a high elevation in the Colombian Andes, it exhibits many behavioral and ecological similarities to lowlandA. palliata. Continuous focal sampling indicates thatA. seniculus spends 78.5% of its time resting, 5.6% moving, and 12.7% feeding. It has a day range of 1.09 km and a home range of 22 ha. Like its more northern relative,A. seniculus spends more than 50% of its feeding time on young on a dry-weight basis, fruits comprise the majority of its diet. The small home and day ranges observed as well as the large amounts of time spent resting are all argued to be aspects of a relatively folivorous foraging strategy. Daily food intake is estimated to be 1.23 kg fresh weight (0.266 kg dry weight). Foraging efficiency (yield/time) varies by a factor of almost 6 across major food types, with item size and distribution being the key determinants. Food preferences change markedly over the activity period, with high-energy sources predominating early and high-protein sources late.''On low fluvial terraces of the River, Araracuara region, Colombia, tree root systems were examined with regard to their structure, underground stratification and biomass distribution. Excavations of skeleton roots and microscopic observation of terminal fine roots included ten species belonging to the Cecropia, Vismia, Miconia, Goupia, Clathrotropis and Brosimum genera. Roots of particular species varied in the external features of their periderm and structure of freshly cut slash. Coarse skeleton roots differed in the shape and position of the plagiotropic branches and positively geotropic taproots or sinkers. None of the observed species could be identified as a shallow-rooted tree, in spite of the general fine root concentration in the upper soil horizon. In the two seasons of study, the terminal roots displayed prevailingly secondary anatomical structure and did not maintain much primary anatomical tissue in their apices. Neither ectomycorrhizas nor endomycorrhizas were detected in the samples. In a set of regeneration stages the amount of tree roots linearly increased with the age of growth. However, fine roots below in diameter shared of all roots in the upper layer of all sample plots. In an old-growth forest, the total tree root biomass amounted to thus being comparable to the underground biomass observed in similar tropical forests.''Conversion of pristine forests to agricultural lands is one of the leading causes of biodiversity loss worldwide. To assess the impact of such forest disturbance on microbial diversity, we investigated the diversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) in the rich forests of Karbi Anglong hills of Assam, a biodiversity hotspot part of Indo-Burma region. AMF spore diversity was assessed in distinct study sites with different intensities of disturbances that encompassed a pristine undisturbed forest (UF), slash-and-burn field (SBF), and monoculture forest (MF). A total of 35 arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungal species belonging to 9 genera were isolated. Species forming glomoid spores were dominant in all the three sites followed by acaulosporoid spores. Highest spore density was found in UF and lowest in MF. Multivariate analyses revealed similarity in UF and SBF. It was found that in MF, AMF diversity was significantly modified and reduced, resulting in an ecological degraded ecosystem. Our results show that natural UF and SBF contained similar and a high AM fungal diversity. The AM fungal diversity is not significantly affected by the slash-and-burn agricultural land use practices practised by the ethnic hilly tribes and, therefore, could be a component of a tropical forest Also because of the high generic and species diversity found, this region can be considered as AMF hotspot and a priority place for conservation.''We present results of research concerning the distribution, depth, volume, geomorphology, and habitat diversity of peatlands in the southern Peruvian Amazon. We identified 295 peatlands covering and ranging in size from 10 to Individual peatlands were mostly restricted to the meander belt of the Madre de Dios River. Mean peat depth was however we encountered depths to and 10% of the measurements exceeded We developed a calibration factor to calculate peat volume across the study area, estimating total peat volume within 295 peatlands at An interpolated depth map of subsurface morphology of a single peatland showed that fluvial features were well-conserved beneath several meters of peat and three distinct subsurface geomophological units defined by peat depth could be identified: the Primary Basin, Secondary Basin, and Intrabasin flats. Subsurface geomorphology resulted in increased within-habitat heterogeneity and explained 35% of the variation of pixel values extracted from imagery. Representing a hydrological link from elevated uplands to the lower floodplains, peatlands in Madre de Dios are especially threatened on local scales by habitat alteration in the uplands and gold mining in the floodplains.''This article contains the substance of an invited address to the Society of Economic Botany. After some introductory autobiographical matter, attention is drawn to five crops, all originating in low latitudes: bananas, potatoes, sugarcane, rubber, oil palm. In most respects they are exceedingly diverse but all five crops present features of interest, outlined under the general headings: systematics, evolution, genetic resource conservation, new crops and economics. The weakness of generalizations about crop evolution is emphasised. More new crops ought, one feels, to be in prospect but probably are not. Explicitly economic aspects of Economic Botany would, it is argued, justify more study than they have had.''Plutarchia dolos (Ericaceae: Vaccinioideae), a new endemic species from the of the Chingaza National Natural Park, Colombia, is described and illustrated. Its taxonomic affinities to other members of Plutarchia are addressed, along with its current conservation status.''The vertical pattern of root length densities (RLD) of fine roots in diameter) and nitrogen (N) uptake potential were determined at different altitudes (1,900, 2,400, and a.s.l.) of a tropical montane forest in order to improve our knowledge about the depth distribution of nutrient uptake in this ecosystem. At higher altitudes, precipitation rate and frequency of fog were higher than at lower altitudes while mean annual air temperature decreased with increasing altitude. Soils were always very acid with significantly lower pH at a depth of in mineral soil at than at 1,900 and The vertical distribution of RLD was very similar both during the dry and the rainy season. During the dry season the percentage of root length in the organic layer increased from 51% at to 61% at and 76% at At RLD was markedly higher in the upper than in the remaining organic layer, whereas at and RLD were similar in all depths of the organic layer. In mineral soil, RLD decreased to a greater degree with increasing soil depth at the upper two study sites than at The relative N uptake potential from different soil layers (RNUP) was determined by 15N enrichment of leaves after application of 15N enriched ammonium sulphate at various soil depths. RNUP closely followed fine root distribution confirming the shallower pattern of nutrient uptake at higher altitudes. RNUP was very similar for trees, shrubs and herbs, but shallower for saplings which obtained N only from the organic layer at both altitudes. Liming and fertilizing (N, P, K, Mg) of small patches in mineral soil had no significant impact on fine root growth. We conclude that the more superficial nutrient uptake ability at higher altitudes may be partly related to increased nutrient input from canopy by leaching. However, the specific constraints for root growth in the mineral soil of tropical montane forests warrant further investigations.''We use sample-based rarefaction curves to evaluate the efficiency of a rapid species richness assay of ground beetles and ants captured in pitfall traps in the Nahuel Huapi National Park (NW Patagonia, Argentina). We ask whether ant species richness patterns show some concordance with those of beetles, and use several extrapolation indices for estimating the expected number of species at a regional scale. A total of 342 pitfall traps were spread in groups, at an intensity of 9 with two collection stations, at each of 19 sites representative of burned and unburned habitats in the forest, scrub and steppe, along a west-to-east transect of long. The high regional habitat heterogeneity along the west-to-east gradient is paralleled by a turnover of beetle and ant species, although different families of Coleoptera show idiosyncratic responses across habitat types. Spatial stratification of sampling over three major habitats along with the inclusion of burned and unburned environments may improve sampling efficiency. The observed and extrapolated species richness suggests that we captured a high proportion of the total number of species of beetles and ants known for the region. However, trends in species richness of ants may not indicate similar trends in beetles. Ants and beetles cannot be used as surrogate taxa for the analysis of species richness patterns. Instead, both taxa should be considered as focal as they may offer complementary information for the analysis of the effect of disturbance and regional habitat heterogeneity on species diversity patterns at a regional scale.''Understanding large-scale patterns of beta- and alpha diversity is essential for ecoregional conservation planning. Using the shallow basin of the Beni savannas of northeastern Bolivia, we examined the spatial patterns of biological diversity of four taxonomic groups (bats, palms, reptiles, and amphibians). Since the Beni savannas are shaped by cycles of drought and flood, and farming, which, together with topography, create a mosaic of sub-ecoregions from Amazonian forests to aquatic vegetation, we hypothesize that this landscape heterogeneity results in a high turnover in species composition across sub-ecoregions. We compiled species lists for each taxon and modeled the potential distribution of each species using the algorithm MaxEnt. For those species whose modeled potential distribution produced incongruous results, we built presence-absence maps. Using the potential distribution maps, we estimated the lists of species for each sub-ecoregion. In order to establish present similarities in species composition between sub-ecoregions, we constructed dendrograms using cluster analysis of presence-absence matrices. The sub-ecoregions associated with the Moxos (southern part of the Beni savannas) were richer than the sub-ecoregions composing the Beni Cerrado (northern part of the Beni savannas). Centers of species richness were detected in the savanna-type sub-ecoregions (bats and reptiles) or associated with the forests (palms and amphibians). A south-north gradient in the pattern of distribution of four taxonomic groups was also recorded. The results suggest that the patterns of biological diversity partially respond to the mosaic arrangement of the landscape. Future exercises on conservation planning will point to total target areas about This area seems to be sufficient to contain the biological richness of the region at least for the taxa analyzed.'occurs in open habitats west of the Ecuadorean and Peruvian Andes, including the Galapagos Archipelago. This genus currently includes two species, A. galapagoensis and A. xanthaeolus. We studied patterns of geographic variation to characterize the morphologic and morphometric variation and recognize diagnosable clusters of samples. Employing this evidence, within a phylogenetic framework employing morphological, molecular, and concatenated matrices, we diagnose monophyletic lineages and assign the appropriate names to taxa. Qualitatively, we noted geographic variation in some characters, and quantitatively there is a pronounced increase in cranial dimensions along the distribution axis, revealing the existence of four distinct clusters: North, South, Extreme South, and Galapagos. These results, along with the phylogenetic relationships, allowed us to hypothesize that Aegialomys exhibits four monophyletic species that we call: Aegialomys galapagoensis, restricted to the Galapagos Archipelago; Aegialomys xanthaeolus, distributed from Ecuador to northern Peru; Aegialomys baroni, ocurring in Central and Aegialomys ica, distributed in southern Peru. Our distributional data suggest that species discontinuities are associated with some well-known barriers in the western portion of South America. Through the Andes and area, there are some geographic features or areas, the Huancabamba Depression, that historically played a key role as barriers to plant and animal dispersion or as a boundaries to species distribution.''BackgroundIt is commonly assumed that indigenous medical systems remain strong in developing countries because biomedicine is physically inaccessible or financially not affordable. This paper compares the health-seeking behavior of households from rural Andean communities at a Peruvian and a Bolivian study site. The main research question was whether the increased presence of biomedicine led to a displacement of Andean indigenous medical practices or to coexistence of the two healing traditions.MethodologyOpen-ended interviews and free listing exercises were conducted between June 2006 and December 2008 with 18 households at each study site. Qualitative identification of therapeutic strategies and use of remedies was carried out by means of content analysis of interview transcriptions and inductive interference. Furthermore, a quantitative assessment of the incidence of culture-bound illnesses in local ethnobiological inventories was performed.ResultsOur findings indicate that the health-seeking behavior of the Andean households in this study is independent of the degree of availability of biomedical facilities in terms of quality of services provided, physical accessibility, and financial affordability, except for specific practices such as childbirth. Preference for natural remedies over pharmaceuticals coexists with biomedical healthcare that is both accessible and affordable. Furthermore, our results show that greater access to biomedicine does not lead to less prevalence of Andean indigenous medical knowledge, as represented by the levels of knowledge about culture-bound illnesses.ConclusionsThe take-home lesson for health policy-makers from this study is that the main obstacle to use of biomedicine in resource-poor rural areas might not be infrastructural or economic alone. Rather, it may lie in lack of sufficient recognition by biomedical practitioners of the value and importance of indigenous medical systems. We propose that the implementation of health care in indigenous communities be designed as a process of joint development of complementary knowledge and practices from indigenous and biomedical health traditions.''The Andes and adjacent regions of western Amazonia are global centers of orchid diversity. Among the Andean countries, Bolivia remains the least well characterized as to its orchid flora, probably containing many new species awaiting description. During systematic studies of Microchilus (Orchidaceae: Orchidoideae: Cranichideae: Goodyerinae) and Pelexia (Orchidaceae: Orchidoideae: Cranichideae: Spiranthinae), it became apparent that two entities represented new species: Microchilus yungasensis from the Bolivian Yungas ecoregion, and Pelexia ocreatopsis from the Southern Amazon Humid Forests of Bolivia and Peru. Descriptions and morphometric analyses are provided for these new species. Dichotomous keys are provided for the Bolivian species of Microchilus, and Bolivian and Peruvian species of Pelexia.''We identify the dynamical drivers of systematic changes in persistent quasi-stationary states (regimes) of the Southern Hemisphere troposphere and their secular trends. We apply a purely data-driven approach, whereby a multiscale approximation to nonstationary dynamical processes is achieved through optimal sequences of locally stationary fast vector autoregressive factor processes, to examine a high resolution atmospheric reanalysis over the period encompassing This approach identifies regimes and their secular trends in terms of the predictability of the flow and is Granger causal. A comprehensive set of diagnostics on both isentropic and isobaric surfaces is employed to examine teleconnections over the full hemisphere and for a set of regional domains. Composite states for the hemisphere obtained from nonstationary nonparametric cluster analysis reveal patterns consistent with a circumglobal wave 3 5 (subtropical) pattern, while regional composites reveal the Pacific South American pattern and blocking modes. The respective roles of potential vorticity sources, stationary Rossby waves and baroclinic instability on the dynamics of these circulation modes are shown to be reflected by the seasonal variations of the waveguides, where Rossby wave sources and baroclinic disturbances are largely contained within the waveguides and with little direct evidence of sustained remote tropical influences on persistent synoptic features. Warm surface temperature anomalies are strongly connected with regions of upper level divergence and anticyclonic Rossby wave sources. The persistent states identified reveal significant variability on interannual to decadal time scales with large secular trends identified in all sectors apart from a region close to South America.'Abstract not available'M13 DNA fingerprinting was used to determine evolutionary changes that occurred in Latin American germ plasm and USA cultivars of commonbean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) during domestication. Linkage mapping experiments showed that M13-related sequences in the common-bean genome were either located at the distal ends of linkage groups or that they were unlinked to each other or to any previously mapped markers. Levels of polymorphism observed by hybridization with M13 (1 probe-enzyme combination) were comparable to those observed by hybridization with single-copy random PstI genomic probes (36 enzyme-probe combinations) but were higher than those observed for isozymes (10 loci). Results indicated that the wild ancestor had diverged into two taxa, one distributed in Middle America (Mexico, Central America, and Colombia) and the other in the Andes (Peru and Argentina); they also suggested separate domestications in the two areas leading to two cultivated gene pools. Domestication in both areas led to pronounced reductions in diversity in cultivated descendants in Middle America and the Andes. The marked lack of polymorphism within commercial classes of USA cultivars suggests that the dispersal of cultivars from the centers of origin and subsequent breeding of improved cultivars led to high levels of genetic uniformity. To our knowledge, this is the first crop for which this reduction in diversity has been documented with a single type of marker in lineages that span the evolution between wild ancestor and advanced cultivars.''Historically, the nomadic traditions of pastoralists have been alternately attacked and romanticized. In fact, pastoral groups represent a range of production systems with wide variations in pastoral and cultivation activities. Given this range and the ecological and sociopolitical constraints facing pastoralists today, agroforestry interventions appear not only feasible, but perhaps imperative for some pastoral groups. However, their design and implementation must be carried out with keen awareness and respect for the unique ecological and cultural position traditionally nomadic pastoral people hold. A review of the sociopolitical and natural resource management literature on existing sylvopastoral and agrosylvopastoral technologies points to the importance of social issues such as gender, land and tree tenure, equity, and cultural context. These provide the basis for discussing the feasibility of agroforestry interventions in terms of their aims, potentials, and risks for pastoral groups.''Land use change, notably the conversion of natural habitats into agriculture, has strong negative effects on wild animal populations. Effects of disturbance and seasonality on demographic parameters of the damselfly Mesamphiagrion laterale Selys, 1876 were assessed to investigate how individual survival probability and over population size changed according to season and anthropogenic disturbance (agricultural habitat vs. forested habitat). For each habitat type, forest cover, area covered by vegetation, percentage of macrophytes and water physicochemical attributes were measured. Likewise, population parameters such as sex ratio, population size, life expectancy, survival and recapture rates were estimated using Cormark-Jolly-Seber (CJ-S) models. Life expectancy of the total population was lower during the rainy season, while population size and survival in males were lower in agricultural habitats during this same season. Human activities related to agriculture and livestock production in the Colombian Andes threaten the long-term viability of odonate populations through degradation of aquatic habitats. Contrary to our initially proposed hypotheses, these effects were more intense for males due to their closer association with riparian vegetation and thus greater exposure to aquatic pollutants.'"Populations of amphibians and reptiles are experiencing new or increasing threats to their survival. Many of these threats are directly attributable to human activity and resource development.This presents the increasing need for worldwide amphibian and reptile assessments and effective, standardized monitoring protocols. Adaptive management techniques can assist managers in identifying and mitigating threats to amphibian and reptile populations. In 1996, Shell Prospecting and Development, Peru initiated a natural gas exploration project in the rainforest of southeastern Peru. The Smithsonian Institution's Monitoring andAssessment of Biodiversity Program worked closely with Shell engineers and managers to establish an adaptive management program to protect the region's biodiversity. In this manuscript,we discuss the steps we took to establish an adaptive managementprogram for amphibian and reptile communities in the region. Wedefine and outline the conceptual issues involved in establishingan assessment and monitoring program, including setting objectives, evaluating the results and making appropriate decisions. We also provide results from the assessment anddiscuss the appropriateness and effectiveness of protocols and criteria used for selecting species to monitor."'It is argued, with selected examples from freshwaterfish systematics, that species should be viewed as anexpression of self-perpetuated clustered variation innature, conforming to the phylogenetic speciesconcept. The importance of species lies in thefunctional and structural significance of theirdiagnostic characters. Species can be nested by theircharacters into a tree diagram (phylogeny) orhierarchical alignment structure (classification) ofcharacter distribution, which may be taken to reflectevolution, the unifying theory of organismaldiversification. The phylogenetic species concept,which emphasizes recognition of a pattern ofvariation, describes better than any other proposedconcept the units called species by systematists.Other concepts are based on processes and normally donot permit recognition of particular taxa. Specieshave unique histories, and speciation may proceed bydifferent mechanisms. Whereas it may be postulatedthat speciation entails an irreversible change in thegenetic structure of taxa, recognized by phenotypicexpression and apparently also maintained to a largeextent by selection for a particular phenotype,species recognition must remain independent ofassumptions about species history and spatialdistribution. Species are monophyletic taxa and thespecies category does not differ significantly inphylogenetic regard from other systematic categories.Species as such are not necessarily evolutionaryunits. It is recommended to apply species names withreference to the diagnostic characters of the speciesand to abandon the type specimen described by theInternational Code of Zoological Nomenclature as anomenclatural reference unit.''This study examines the effects of deforestation, and the habitat value of coffee and regenerated forest for tropical dung beetles, a functionally significant insect group. Pitfall trapping was conducted at 22 sites in a montane region of central Peru during April and November/December of 2002. Sites included primary and secondary forest, shade-coffee, regenerated forest and open farms (mainly with banana, yuca, and corn). Ordination techniques indicated that beetle assemblages in forests, regenerated forest and coffee were relatively similar. However, assemblage compositions in forested areas differed even at similar altitudes under the influence of biogeographical factors, and the assemblages at disturbed sites (farms/coffee) were influenced by beetle dispersal from adjacent forests. During dry months, when beetle activity is low, communities at all habitat types tended to converge because fewer unique species were recorded in forests at that time and habitat/season generalists were dominant. Preliminary results also indicate that beetles in shady crops such as bananas responded to plant growth: as the banana canopy closed-in, producing more shade, open-habitat specialists retreated and forest/shade specialists invaded the sites. Chronosequence data at two of the sites demonstrate the rapid and dramatic changes in species richness and assemblage composition caused by deforestation. As forests become increasingly fragmented, and open farms continue to expand, dung beetles will become more restricted to the remaining fragments and reserves. In the mosaic landscape studied here, shade crops, like coffee, act as habitat and corridors for many dung beetle species. Small farm size and the consequent magnitude of edge effects, likely contributed to beetle movement between habitat types and determined the apparent generalist nature of many of the dung beetle species in this study.''The bocachico, Prochilodus nigricans, is a commercially important fish distributed throughout the central and western Amazon. Age and growth of this species in eastern Ecuador were determined by otolith and scale increment analyses. For otolith analyses, we used thin sections of the astericus, and clear visualization of annuli required the use transmitted polarized light. Accuracy and precision of age estimation were compared to select the best ageing structure. Precision indices showed that otoliths are more reliable than scales to determine the age of bocachicos. Based on marginal increments analysis, we found that annulus formation in both structures occurs once a year between August and December. Seasonal changes in growth were associated with hydrological cycle of the river. The Ecuadorian Prochilodus at the stage grew faster (i.e., for ages 2 and older) than conspecific populations from Bolivia and Brazil In addition, annual mortality rate 56) was lower than reported for Prochilodus populations elsewhere in the Amazon. We conclude that this population is presently not overexploited, but conservation and management schemes for this population will need to consider that it is an international, trans-boundary migrant.'' The Cape Floristic Region (CFR) is one of the most plant-species-rich regions in the world. It is also a warm temperate region and hypothetically should have high gall-insect species richness, making it interesting to investigate the relationship between the insects of the region and the rich flora. The relationship between gall-insect species richness (GSR) and plant richness was investigated for the Fynbos and for representatives of vegetation of the whole CFR. Samples (of up to 600 plants per transect for Fynbos) of woody shrubs were investigated for the presence of galls. The species richness of these insects was quantified, as well as plant species richness for each transect. GSR for Fynbos was compared to global figures for GSR. Fynbos harboured significantly more gall-insect species than other CFR vegetation types. GSR was positively correlated with CFR plant richness. GSR also closely tracked plant richness in Fynbos. GSR was not significantly influenced by other variables (elevation and aspect), suggesting that plant richness per se was an important factor in generating GSR. Fynbos GSR is comparable to other sclerophyllous regions of high GSR globally, corroborating that this vegetation type is conducive to gall-insect diversification. There is likely to be a high percentage of gall-insect endemism in the Fynbos, as might be expected from the high host fidelity of this insect group.'Abstract not available'Recent research suggests that after decades of population decline, indigenous populations of the lowland tropics of Latin America are now experiencing rapid growth. At the same time, conservationists have pronounced indigenous lands as a key to the future of Amazon forests. As such, conservationists should have a good understanding of indigenous demography and impacts on conservation and development. Yet, there is little depth to understanding of these demographic changes and a dearth of quantitative research on the reproductive practices of indigenous populations. This study addresses these gaps through analyses of a household survey of 648 women of reproductive age from five distinct ethnic populations in the Ecuadorian Amazon. We estimate fertility, analyze reproductive intentions and contraceptive use, and determine the unmet need for reproductive health services. The analyses confirm high fertility rates and high levels of unmet need for contraception. With regard to program and policy implications, we conclude by arguing that isolation and cultural barriers present unique challenges to meet the reproductive health needs of these populations. Innovative approaches, such as those merging topics, may be most relevant for meeting these challenges.''This study builds on earlier quantitative ethnobotanical studies to develop an approach which represents local values for useful forest species, in order to explore factors affecting those values. The method, based on ranking of taxa, compares favourably with more time-consuming quantitative ethnobotanical techniques, and allows results to be differentiated according to social factors (gender and ethnic origin), and ecological and socio-economic context. We worked with 126 respondents in five indigenous and five immigrant communities within a forest-dominated landscape in the Peruvian Amazonia. There was wide variability among responses, indicating a complex of factors affecting value. The most valued family is Arecaceae, followed by Fabaceae and Moraceae. Overall, fruit and non-commercialised construction materials predominate but women tend to value fruit and other non-timber species more highly than timber, while the converse is shown by men. Indigenous respondents tend to value more the species used for fruit, domestic construction and other NTFPs, while immigrants tend to favour commercialised timber species. Across all communities, values are influenced by both markets and the availability of the taxa; as the favourite species become scarce, others replace them in perceived importance. As markets become more accessible, over-exploitation of the most valuable species and livelihood diversification contribute to a decrease in perceived value of the forest.''Year-round flowering is widely reported in fig trees and is necessary for the survival of their short-living, specialized Agaonid pollinators. However, seasonality in both fig and leaf production has been noted in almost all published phenological studies. We have addressed the following questions in the present study: (1) Are reproductive and vegetative phenologies seasonal and, consequently, related to climate? (2) Does Ficus citrifolia produce ripe figs year round? (3) Is the fig development related to climate? And, (4) Are reproductive and vegetative phenologies independent? By investigating these questions with a F. citrifolia population over a two-year period, at the southern edge of the tropical region in Brazil, we detected phenological seasonality that was significantly correlated with climate. Our findings can be summarized as follows: (1) Trees became deciduous during the cold and dry months; (2) The flowering onset was asynchronous among individuals, but with moderate concentration during the hot and rainy months; (3) There was a correlation between the onset of flowering and vegetative phenology, with significantly higher crop initiations in individuals with full-leaf canopy; (4) Fig developmental time was longer in cold months; and (5) Ripe fig production occurred year-round and was not correlated with climate. Our results suggest that there are strong selection pressures that maintain the year-round flowering phenology in figs, for we have observed little seasonality in the phenology of such species despite the strong seasonality in the environment.''The origin of the grassy habit during the Eocene and the development of C4 grasses during the Miocene/Pliocene boundary are discussed before the origin of primary and secondary grassland in Eurasia and North America are discussed. A comparison shows that both Northern and Southern hemisphere primary grassland originated due to climatic changes to drier conditions during the end of the Eocene, and that modern grassland vegetation types can be traced back to the Oligocene. The Eurasian steppes becomes more fragmented towards the west and south and relicts of primary grassland exists only in the most xerothermic localised habitats in central and western Europe. Secondary grassland clearly due to manmade deforestation, started with the spread of Neolithic husbandry. Southern African grasslands were however not only determined by droughty conditions, but cooler conditions at high altitudes are one of the major driving forces that prevent colonisation by trees of a generally tropical origin.''BackgroundWet tropical forests of along the Pacific Coast of Colombia, are known for their high plant diversity and endemic species. With increasing pressure of degradation and deforestation, these forests have been prioritized for conservation and carbon offset through Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and forest Degradation (REDD+) mechanisms. We provide the first regional assessment of forest structure and aboveground biomass using measurements from a combination of ground tree inventories and airborne Light Detection and Ranging (Lidar). More than of lidar samples were collected based on a stratified random sampling to provide a regionally unbiased quantification of forest structure of across gradients of vegetation structure, disturbance and elevation. We developed a model to convert measurements of vertical structure of forests into aboveground biomass (AGB) for terra firme, wetlands, and mangrove forests. We used the Random Forest machine learning model and a formal uncertainty analysis to map forest height and AGB at 1-ha spatial resolution for the entire pacific coastal region using spaceborne data, extending from the coast to higher elevation of Andean forests.ResultsUpland forests have a mean canopy height of and AGB of while wetland forests are characterized by a lower height and AGB and Mangroves have a lower mean height than upland forests but have a similar AGB as upland forests due to their high wood density. Within the terra firme forest class, intact forests have the highest AGB followed by degraded and secondary forests with of biomass. Forest degradation varies in biomass loss from small-scale selective logging and firewood harvesting to large-scale tree removals for gold mining, settlements, and illegal logging. Our findings suggest that the forest degradation has already caused the loss of more than 115 million tons of dry biomass, or 58 million tons of carbon.ConclusionsOur assessment of carbon stocks and forest degradation can be used as a reference for reporting on the state of the forests to REDD+ projects and to encourage restoration efforts through conservation and climate mitigation policies.''In the framework of a worldwide project on the phylogeny of the lichen genus Sticta, dedicated sampling was performed in four regions of Western Europe, roughly along an line between N E and N W ranging from France/Vosges to Ireland/Kerry. Five clearly distinct ITS haplotypes were detected for isidia-producing species where only two were expected. Subtle anatomical and morphological characters, together with a strongly supported 4-loci molecular phylogeny, permit distinguishing, besides the easily recognized S. canariensis and S. limbata: 1) the two well-known S. fuliginosa and S. sylvatica, whose type collections have been carefully reassessed; the former is widespread in both hemispheres, while the latter is correctly identified only from continental Europe and the Andes in Colombia. The barcode ITS of S. fuliginosa differs by a single substitution from S. limbata (with a single exception), and the 4-loci phylogenetic tree does not resolve them as distinct lineages, most probably highlighting a very recent divergence and incomplete lineage sorting. 2) Three species that were formely included in S. fuliginosa: the resurrected S. ciliata Taylor, belonging to a complex group yet to be disentangled and occurring in the Neotropics, Africa, Macaronesia, and Western Europe, and two species described as new to science, S. fuliginoides, found in continental Europe, the Canary Islands, eastern North America, and Colombia, and S. atlantica only known from Ireland and the Azores archipelago. Molecular inferences demonstrate active divergence and dispersion within S. ciliata that may require recognition of further species. Fresh material can be identified with a morphological and anatomical preliminary key provided here. We propose that the taxonomy of all lichen species be urgently reviewed in the light of molecular data in an evolutionary context, particularly those used as bioindicators of environmental change and woodland management.''The Conversion of Cropland to Forest Program is the largest ecological program of forest in China, which has significantly increased the forest coverage. However, it has been less effective than expected. Understanding the responding features of ecological benefits of forest to their biotopes, the relationships between the categories of eco-service value of per unit area of (EV) and their biotope conditions is important for maximizing the ecological benefit of forest in the Conversion of Cropland to Forest Program. We analyzed the EV categories of three kinds of forest type in different biotopes, using the methods of for assessment of forest ecosystem services in The result showed that the total EV (Tev) varied in the range of e4 The EV categories performed differently among the forest types and the biotopes. Water conservation EV was the highest and nutrient accumulation EV was the lowest in all the four types of biotopes. Correlations between EV categories and biotope indicators were also analyzed. The Tev of the ecological forest is mainly related to slope gradient, annual average temperature and latitude, which explained 20.1%, 14.3% and 12.6% of the variability of Tev, respectively. The Tev of the economic forest is mainly related to annual sunshine duration, altitude, slope gradient and annual average temperature, which explained 29.8%, 17.6%, 13.5% and 9.7% of the variability of Tev, respectively. The Tev of the shrubbery is associated with latitude and annual average temperature, which explained 49.9% and 22.6% of the variability of Tev, respectively.''The ungurahua palm (Oenocarpus bataua subsp.bataua) is widely used throughout the Amazon Basin for its thatch, fibers, wood, and edible fruits. The fruits of this species are especially important to indigenous peoples and yield a high quality oil. This study examines the use of this species by the Siona people of the Ecuadorian Amazon in the Cuyabeno Faunistic Reserve. The reproductive phenology, fruit production, and relationship between vegetative characteristics and fruit production is explored here. Fruit production varies greatly from palm to palm with a range of approximately fruits biennially. This amounts to approximately 700 kg/ha every two years. Height, diameter breast height (dbh), and number of leaves on an individual are poor predictors of tree productivity. Reproductive histories of individual palms are examined. The economic potential of this species and the implications of overharvesting are discussed.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'An attempt is made toward the application of IUCN criteria and Red List Categories to agricultural and horticultural plants (excluding ornamentals). The main sources for this study were Encyclopedia (2001) and the IUCN Red List of threatened plants (2001). About 200 threatened cultivated plants are considered and presented in the respective lists, among them completely extinct crop plants such as Anacyclus officinarum and Bromus mango. The information available about neglected and underutilized crop plants still lags behind that about wild plants, especially at the species level, and more studies are required. On the other hand studies of major crops at the infraspecific level, are very advanced and can serve as models for investigating the wild ones.''Climate change and its effects on the hydrologic regime of the Amazon basin can impact biogeochemical processes, transportation, flood vulnerability, fisheries and hydropower generation. We examined projections of climate change on discharge and inundation extent in the Amazon basin using the regional hydrological model MGB-IPH with 1-dimensional river hydraulic and water storage simulation in floodplains. Future projections were obtained from five GCMs from Fifth Assessment Report CMIP5. Climate projections have uncertainty and results from different climate models did not agree in total Amazon flooded area or discharge anomalies along the main stem river. Overall, model runs agree better with wetter (drier) conditions over western (eastern) Amazon. Results indicate that increased mean and maximum river discharge for large rivers draining the Andes in the northwest contributes to increased mean and maximum discharge and inundation extent over Peruvian floodplains and River (annual mean-max: - in western Amazonia. Decreased river discharges (mostly dry season) are projected for eastern basins, and decreased inundation extent at low water (annual min) in the central and lower Amazon'The aquatic and semi-aquatic Heteroptera, consisting of the infraorders Leptopodomorpha, Gerromorpha, and Nepomorpha, comprise a significant component of the aquatic insect biota. Within these three infraorders as a whole there are currently 23 families, 343 genera and 4,810 species group taxa considered valid, of which 20 families, 326 genera and 4,656 species inhabit freshwater. In addition, more than 1,100 unequivocally diagnosed species remain to be described. Aquatic Heteroptera occur on all continents except Antarctica, and are most numerous in the tropical regions, although there are many distinctly cold-adapted genera. Overall species richness is highest in the Neotropical and Oriental regions, which harbor 1,289 and 1,103 species, respectively. In comparison to these core tropical regions, species richness is significantly lower in the Afrotropical (799 species), Australasian (654 species), Palearctic (496 species), Nearctic (424 species) and Pacific (37 species) regions. Aquatic Heteroptera are notable for utilizing an exceptionally broad range of habitats, from marine and intertidal to arctic and high alpine, across a global altitudinal range of Species may be found in almost every freshwater biotope, and many exhibit striking morphological adaptations to their aquatic environment, making them excellent subjects for ecological and biogeographic studies.'' Comprehensive diagnostic comparisons and evaluations have been carried out with the National Centers for Environmental Prediction/National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCEP/NCAR) and European Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) reanalyses of the vertically integrated atmospheric energy budgets. For 1979 to 1993 the focus is on the monthly means of the divergence of the atmospheric energy transports. For February 1985 to April 1989, when there are reliable top-of-the-atmosphere (TOA) radiation data from the Earth Radiation Budget Experiment (ERBE), the implied monthly mean surface fluxes are derived and compared with those from the assimilating models and from the Comprehensive Ocean Atmosphere Data Set (COADS), both locally and zonally integrated, to deduce the implied ocean meridional heat transports.While broadscale aspects and some details of both the divergence of atmospheric energy and the surface flux climatological means are reproducible, especially in the zonal means, differences are also readily apparent. Systematic differences are typically The evaluation highlights the poor results over land. Land imbalances indicate local errors in the divergence of the atmospheric energy transports for monthly means on scales of 500 km (T31) of 30 W in both reanalyses and W in areas of high topography and over Antarctica for NCEP/NCAR. Over the oceans in the extratropics, the monthly mean anomaly time series of the vertically integrated total energy divergence from the two reanalyses correspond reasonably well, with correlations exceeding 0.7. A common monthly mean climate signal of about is inferred along with local errors of 25 to 30 W in most extratropical regions. Except for large scales, there is no useful common signal in the tropics, and reproducibility is especially poor in regions of active convection and where stratocumulus prevails. Although time series of monthly anomalies of surface bulk fluxes from the two models and COADS agree very well over the northern extratropical oceans, the total fields all contain large systematic biases which make them unsuitable for determining ocean heat transports. TOA biases in absorbed shortwave, outgoing longwave and net radiation from both reanalysis models are substantial (>20 W in the tropics) and indicate that clouds are a primary source of problems in the model fluxes, both at the surface and the TOA. Time series of monthly COADS surface fluxes are shown to be unreliable south of about where there are fewer than 25 observations per per month. Only the derived surface fluxes give reasonable implied meridional ocean heat transports.''The yam bean (Pachyrhizus spp.) is a legume tuber / root crop locally grown in Central America, South America and Asia. The tuber is usually consumed raw for its refreshing taste and high moisture content. A recently found P. tuberosus type from a small ecogeographic region in the tropical lowlands of Peru has a high tuber dry matter content and this so-called Chuin-Type is consumed like manioc. This study was conducted to determine the possibility to use the Chuin-Type as a source to incorporate high dry matter into the remaining yam bean gene pool. Three P. tuberosus (Chuin) accessions were crossed with 15 P. ahipa accessions from the Andean highlands resulting in six successful interspecific hybridisations. Successful crosses were confirmed by morphological and agronomical traits as well as multivariate statistics. All hybrid plants were fertile and vigorous. Owing to the fertility and vigour of interspecific hybrids it is assumed that a hybrid between P. tuberosus and P. ahipa might already evolved in the area of origin and that interspecific hybridisation is appropriate to improve the tuber dry matter content in the yam bean which might give the crop new forms of food and processing use.''BackgroundLatin America harbors some of the most biodiverse countries in the world, including Colombia. Despite the increasing use of cutting-edge technologies in genomics and bioinformatics in several biological science fields around the world, the region has fallen behind in the inclusion of these approaches in biodiversity studies. In this study, we used data mining methods to search in four main public databases of genetic sequences such as: NCBI Nucleotide and BioProject, Pathosystems Resource Integration Center, and Barcode of Life Data Systems databases. We aimed to determine how much of the Colombian biodiversity is contained in genetic data stored in these public databases and how much of this information has been generated by national institutions. Additionally, we compared this data for Colombia with other countries of high biodiversity in Latin America, such as Brazil, Argentina, Costa Rica, Mexico, and Peru.ResultsIn Nucleotide, we found that 66.84% of total records for Colombia have been published at the national level, and this data represents less than 5% of the total number of species reported for the country. In BioProject, 70.46% of records were generated by national institutions and the great majority of them is represented by microorganisms. In BOLD Systems, 26% of records have been submitted by national institutions, representing 258 species for Colombia. This number of species reported for Colombia span approximately 0.46% of the total biodiversity reported for the country (56,343 species). Finally, in PATRIC database, 13.25% of the reported sequences were contributed by national institutions. Colombia has a better biodiversity representation in public databases in comparison to other Latin American countries, like Costa Rica and Peru. Mexico and Argentina have the highest representation of species at the national level, despite Brazil and Colombia, which actually hold the first and second places in biodiversity worldwide.ConclusionsOur findings show gaps in the representation of the Colombian biodiversity at the molecular and genetic levels in widely consulted public databases. National funding for high-throughput molecular research, NGS technologies costs, and access to genetic resources are limiting factors. This fact should be taken as an opportunity to foster the development of collaborative projects between research groups in the Latin to study the vast biodiversity of these countries using technologies.'Abstract not available'A prerequisite in any conservation programme of Plant Genetic Resources is estimation of diversity. The inventory of wild and naturalized relatives of priority crops in Venezuela (CWR) is based on the main Catalogues of Flora in the country, selecting taxa closely related to crops, according to the concepts of and We included 47 genera, 217 species and 228 taxa belonging to 28 plant families. Among them, those with higher richness are: Fabaceae, Solanaceae, Araceae, Lauraceae, Dioscoreaceae, Poaceae, Rosaceae and Myrtaceae. Genera with a higher number of species are Xanthosoma, Persea, Dioscorea, Prunus, Psidium, Phaseolus, Solanum, Vigna, Capsicum, Manihot, Theobroma, Ipomoea and Oryza. A total of 26 endemic species are found, which belong to genera Xanthosoma, Persea, Dioscorea, Prunus and Manihot. The primary gene pool of crops include native species from genera such as Manihot, Solanum (Section Petota), Lycopersicon, Ananas, Capsicum, Dioscorea, Xanthosoma, Phaseolus, Theobroma, Ipomoea, Gossypium, Arracacia and Psidium. Genera with native species weakly related to crops are Saccharum, Persea, Ipomoea, Prunus, Vigna, Solanum (Section Melongena) and Daucus. Crop genera without native species in Venezuela are Allium, Musa, Brassica, Spinacia, Helianthus, Pisum, Lactuca, Citrus, Elaeis, Beta, Glycine and Triticum. Only a few taxa have already been evaluated according to the IUCN criteria, and Venezuelan accessions of crop wild relatives in national and international genebanks are very scarce.''We quantitatively examined the relationships between Sorghum landrace diversity at the field level and environmental factors and selection practices in north Shewa and south Welo regions of Ethiopia. Surveys were conducted on 260 randomly selected fields. The altitude and size of each field were recorded. Sorghum plants at 5 m intervals along transect lines spaced 10 m apart over each field were identified by the farmers and the owner of each field was asked why she/he decided to grow each plant. Soil samples were collected from all of the fields and analyzed for pH, organic content, and sand, silt and clay content. Simple and polynomial regressions and multiple regression analyses showed that Sorghum landrace diversity at the field level had significant relationships with the number of selection criteria used by the farmers, field altitude, field size, pH and clay content. As the number of selection criteria increased, landrace diversity in the fields increased. This relationship was not a result of the correlation between selection criteria and the environmental factors, because it was significant after statistically correcting for the effects of the environmental variables. This study quantitatively confirms the role of traditional farmers in the maintenance of sorghum landrace diversity in north Shewa and south Welo regions of Ethiopia.'"The heat budget has been computed locally over the entire globe for each month of 1988 using compatible top-of-the-atmosphere radiation from the Earth Radiation Budget Experiment combined with European Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasts atmospheric data. The effective heat sources and sinks (diabatic heating) and effective moisture sources and sinks for the atmosphere are computed and combined to produce overall estimates of the atmospheric energy divergence and the net flux through the Earth's surface. On an annual mean basis, this is directly related to the divergence of the ocean heat transport, and new computations of the ocean heat transport are made for the ocean basins. Results are presented for January and July, and the annual mean for 1988, along with a comprehensive discussion of errors. While the current results are believed to be the best available at present, there are substantial shortcomings remaining in the estimates of the atmospheric heat and moisture budgets. The issues, which are also present in all previous studies, arise from the diurnal cycle, problems with atmospheric divergence, vertical resolution, spurious mass imbalances, initialized versus uninitialized atmospheric analyses, and postprocessing to produce the atmospheric archive on pressure surfaces. Over land, additional problems arise from the complex surface topography, so that computed surface fluxes are more reliable over the oceans. The use of zonal means to compute ocean transports is shown to produce misleading results because a considerable part of the implied ocean transports is through the land. The need to compute the heat budget locally is demonstrated and results indicate lower ocean transports than in previous residual calculations which are therefore more compatible with direct ocean estimates. A Poisson equation is solved with appropriate boundary conditions of zero normal heat flux through the continental boundaries to obtain the ocean heat transport. Because of the poor observational data base, adjustments to the surface fluxes are necessary over the southern oceans. Error bars are estimated based on the large-scale spurious residuals over land of 30 W over 1000 km scales (1012 m2). In the Atlantic Ocean, a northward transport emerges at all latitudes with peak values of PW (1 standard error) at 20 to Comparable values are achieved in the Pacific at so that the total is PW. The peak southward transport is at 15 to of PW made up of strong components from both the Pacific and Indian Oceans and with a heat flux from the Pacific into the Indian Ocean in the Indonesian throughflow. The pattern of poleward heat fluxes is suggestive of a strong role for Ekman transports in the tropical regions."'This paper discusses the linkages between population change, land use, and deforestation in the Amazon regions of Brazil, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, and Venezuela. We begin with a brief discussion of theories of linkages, and then focus on the case of deforestation in the PanAmazon. The core of the paper reviews available data on deforestation, population growth, migration and land use in order to see how well land cover change reflects demographic and agricultural change. The data indicate that population dynamics and net migration exhibit to deforestation in some states of the basin but not others. We then discuss other explanatory factors for deforestation, and find a close correspondence between land use and deforestation, which suggests that land use is loosely tied to demographic dynamics and mediates the influence of population on deforestation. We also consider national political economic contexts of Amazon change in the six countries, and find contrasting contexts, which also helps to explain the limited demographic-deforestation correspondence. The paper closes by noting general conclusions based on the data, topics in need of further research and recent policy proposals.''In spite of many theoretical explanations, the plant richness pattern along the mountain elevation gradient is still debatable. Here we considered East district of Sikkim state in the Eastern Himalaya to study plant richness pattern of vascular plants along an elevation gradient of at 100, 200 and elevation steps. The study evaluates species-area relationships along the elevation gradient, spread over four major forest types i.e., low (tropical to sub-tropical, up to middle (subtropical, upper (wet temperate, and Rhododendron-Conifer Zone (cold temperate/sub-alpine, with 664 species from 367 genera and 131 families. Pteridium aquilinum was found to be the most diverse species occurring in all 28-elevation steps along followed by Polystichum lentum, Polygonum runcinatum and Nephrolepis cordifolia those occured in 23 elevation steps. In general, a hump shaped pattern was observed for plant richness of all life forms along the elevation gradient. The peaks became prominent, with the increase in scale of extent from to through elevation steps, using 2nd order polynomial fitting. The reduction in tree height and richness was noticed beyond allowing dominance of herbs owing to climatic constraints. Using generalized additive model, temperature could explain the maximum deviance Soil explained 36.4% deviance, followed by precipitation (21.6% deviance) plant richness. However, the ecotone effect of different forest types explained the mid-elevation peaks in plant richness more the geographic area availability. Further, inclusion of disturbance and biotic interactions may improve ecological understandings on the plant richness pattern along the elevation gradient.'is within the center of origin of Zea mays and has among the highest levels of maize genetic diversity in the world. This diversity is traced to factors at the regional and farm levels. Loss of crop genetic diversity has been related to economic and agricultural development, although opposed views of this exist for the Mexican case. Agricultural development appears to be affecting virtually all types of farms in Mexico. A case study in Chiapas suggests that the adoption of some improved varieties has enhanced genetic diversity in maize, but one improved type competes with landraces in the most favorable land. The adoption of this improved type is associated with greater access to capital and with lower risk.''Population fragmentation is one of the most concerning consequences of habitat fragmentation, as small and isolated populations suffer increased genetic drift and inbreeding. However, the extent to which habitat fragmentation leads to population fragmentation depends not only on the landscape structure, but also on the response of organisms to it. This behavioral component makes it difficult to detect population fragmentation even if the habitat is fragmented, unless appropriate tools are used. In this study, we used a molecular approach to evaluate if toad-headed turtle (Mesoclemmys dahli) population was fragmented, given that it occurs in a very restricted area within the most degraded biome of Colombia, the tropical dry forest. We developed a panel of 15 microsatellite loci in order to perform the first genetic assessment of M. dahli across its complete geographic range. We found that M. dahli has significant genetic structure with at least four subpopulations, with surprisingly moderate to high levels of genetic diversity. Despite high levels of genetic diversity, subpopulations are very small (effective population and isolated, with little to no contemporary gene flow among them. As a consequence, mating among related individuals has been occurring, and all four populations are showing high degrees of inbreeding. To counteract this threat, we recommend an urgent genetic rescue strategy accompanied by habitat restoration, and advocate for a new conservation status assessment, not based on geographic range, but on adult population size and level of fragmentation.'Abstract not available'IntroductionTwenty-first century mountain landscapes are evolving under the globally scaled controls of hydroclimate and the spatially and temporally discontinuous impacts of human activity and tectonic plate movements. Attention is drawn to the difficulty of comparing the effectiveness of the three drivers of change (tectonics, using relief as a surrogate, hydroclimate, and human activity) because of their differing temporal rhythms. The direct role of human activity in landscape modification both in terms of land degradation and landscape enhancement is increasingly dominant.ConclusionsExamples drawn from seven different mountain landscapes lead to the conclusion that only the polar mountain landscapes can be effectively interpreted under the ruling hypothesis that climate is the dominant driver of mountain landscape change. An emphasis on climate as the fundamental driver of mountain landscape change in the twenty-first century is inadequate.''The contribution of throughfall and stemflow as pathways for solute inputs into the forest floor in four mature forests in northwest Amazonia was investigated. Total solute inputs, resulting from the changes of atmospheric deposition after rainfall passes through the forest canopy, are presented in the form of throughfall and stemflow nutrient inputs and their possible sources are discussed. Throughfall is by far the most important solute input into the forest floor of the forests studied. On average, it represents about 98% of the total solute inputs. Although trends in solute enrichment varied among the forests, there is a general tendency in all ecosystems towards a distinct enrichment of SO4, K, Cl, NO3 and NH4 in throughfall and stemflow and a small increase of protons, Mn, orthoP and Fe. When comparing the net enrichment between the forests, the relative increase of solutes in throughfall and stemflow was higher in the flood plain and low terrace than in the high terrace and sedimentary plain forests. While highest values for total cation inputs were observed in the flood plain, the low terrace showed the highest value for total inorganic anions. The length of the antecedent dry period was the main factor affecting throughfall and stemflow composition, concentrations increasing with increasing length. A second, less important factor was the amount of throughfall and stemflow, which showed a poor and negative correlation with solute concentrations. The increased activity of frugivores in the canopy during fruiting periods seemed to lead to temporary increased solute concentrations in throughfall and stemflow as a result of the wash off of deposited faecal materials and detritus in the canopy. Leaching from leaves and wash off of exudes, of solutes deposited on the foliage after evaporation of intercepted rainfall and of dry deposited materials were all found to contribute to the concentration of solutes in the throughfall and stemflow. Gross rainfall enrichment after passing the forest canopy, mainly by nutrient leaching, is considerably lower than the amounts of nutrients released in litterfall implying a tight nutrient cycling and nutrient conserving mechanisms by forests studied.''A 10-year simulation with a coupled ocean-atmosphere general circulation model (CGCM) is presented. The model consists of the climate version of the global forecasting model, ARPEGE, coupled to the LODYC oceanic model, OPA, by the CERFACS coupling package OASIS. The oceanic component is dynamically active over the tropical Pacific, while climatological time-dependent sea surface temperatures (SSTs) are prescribed outside of the Pacific domain. The coupled model shows little drift and exhibits a very regular seasonal cycle. The climatological mean state and seasonal cycle are well simulated by the coupled model. In particular, the oceanic surface current pattern is accurately depicted and the location and intensity of the Equatorial Undercurrent (EUC) are in good agreement with available data. The seasonal cycle of equatorial SSTs captures quite realistically the annual harmonic. Some deficiencies remain including a weak zonal equatorial SST gradient, underestimated wind stress over the Pacific equatorial band and an additional inter-tropical convergence zone (ITCZ) south of the equator in northern winter and spring. Weak interannual variability is present in the equatorial SST signal with a maximum amplitude ofAbstract not available'It is widely accepted that biotechnology is a globally significant and growing research field. Because of its biodiversity, Colombia has a comparative advantage to innovate and commercialize biotechnological products and services. The aim of this study is to obtain a research profile and intellectual structure of the country in the biotechnology field by using bibliometric methods. These methods are needed to monitor the capacities and the compliance of national policies in biotechnology. By using records extracted from the ISI WoK database, this study describes the biotechnology publication trend, productivity and collaboration among institutions and countries, preferred journals, and the intellectual structure at the research subject area. Although, a growing trend in biotechnology publication was observed, the productivity is still low when compared to other countries in the region and the world. On the other hand, researchers seem to show a preference for international over domestic collaboration. The results suggest two elements: first, policy has not had the expected outcome in the short term, and second, a lack of internal collaboration could therefore reflect low endogenous capacities. The bibliometric methods used in this study can be applied to a wide range of research fields other than biotechnology.''A questionnaire survey of 408 households explored the role of socio-economic and cultural factors in rice (Oryza sativa L.) varietal diversity management on-farm in two contrasting eco-sites in Nepal. Multiple regression outputs suggest that number of parcels of land, livestock number, number of rice ecosystems, agro-ecology (altitude), and use of chemical fertilizer have a significant positive influence on landrace diversity on-farm, while membership in groups linked to extension services has significant but negative influence on landrace diversity. Factors with significant positive influence on diversity of modern varieties on-farm were number of parcels of land and of rice ecosystems, access to irrigation, membership in groups, and use of insecticide. Within communities, resource-endowed households maintain significantly higher varietal diversity on-farm than resource-poor households and play a significant role in conserving landraces that are vulnerable to genetic erosion and those with socio-cultural and market-preferred traits. Resource-poor households also contribute to local diversity conservation but at lower richness and area coverage levels than resource-endowed households. Households where a female had assumed the role of head of household due to death or migrant work of her husband had less diversity due to lower labor availability. Landraces with socio-cultural and market-preferred traits are few in number but have potential to be conserved on-farm.''We describe a new species of small-eared shrew, genus Cryptotis Pomel, 1848 (Eulipotyphla: Soricidae), from near the community of Monteverde in the highlands of northwestern Costa Rica. The new species is immediately distinguished from all other Costa Rican shrews its large size and long tail. Morphologically, it belongs to the Cryptotis thomasi group of small-eared shrews, a clade that is more typically distributed in the Andes Cordillera and other highland regions of northern South America. The new Costa Rican species and the Panamanian endemic Cryptotis endersi Setzer, 1950 are the only two members of this species group known to occur in Central America. Like most other members of the C. thomasi group for which the postcranial skeleton has been studied, the new species tends be more ambulatory (rather than semi-fossorial) when compared with other members of the genus. Our survey efforts over several decades failed to locate a population of the new species, and we discuss its conservation status in light of its limited potential distribution in the highlands and the significant climatic change that has been documented in the Monteverde region during the past four decades.'"In 1989 Guyana designated 3600 km2 of tropical rain forest as the Rain Forest (IRFP) for developing methods of sustainable forest utilization and for conserving biodiversity. Bat diversity was assessed in 5 km2 of the IRFP area over a ten-week period. Effort totalled 22 400 m2 mist-net hours during 26 nights, 227 m2 harp-trap hours during 8 nights and 28 person days searching for roosts. This revealed 38 species of bats. In comparison with two other neotropical sites alpha diversity was high as shown by a Shannon diversity index of 1.30 for the 33 species taken in foraging areas by mist net and harp trap.Four forest types found here show some of the lowest floristic diversity in the neotropics. The high motility of bats allows them to exploit the range of forest types available locally, so avoiding constraints imposed within any one forest type.A list of bat species known from Guyana was compiled from the literature. A total of 96 species were found plus 17 unsupported records. The list is presented together with a further 45 species that potentially could occur. Our survey has shown that 45 of the 96 species recorded in Guyana (47%) are known from the IRFP area, suggesting that it provides a good representation of Guyana's bat fauna."'Natural disturbances introduce spatial heterogeneity into forests by causing non-random mortality of trees. We examined whether wind was the primary cause of spatial patterns of dead trees at fragment- and individual tree-levels in three fragments of temperate deciduous forests in Illinois, USA. Dead trees and wind-caused types of mortality were expected to be higher at forest edges, on windward aspects, in poorly-drained soils, and adjacent to existing canopy gaps. The extent of wind-related mortality was determined by comparing spatial and temporal patterns of dead trees, as well as characteristics of trees downed by single windstorms versus all dead trees. At the fragment-level, we used randomly located quadrats of m to sample edge and interior areas of Trelease Woods, Brownfield Woods, and Hart Woods in 1995-1996 and again in 1999-2000. We noted type of mortality (standing dead, snapped-off, or uprooted trees), and measured DBH 10 cm) and direction of fall of each dead tree. The same measures were made for trees felled by two single storms in 1994. At the individual tree-level, domino effects were evaluated by comparing openness surrounding target treefalls vs. an equal sample size of living trees. The study provided limited evidence that wind caused spatial patterns of dead trees. Instead, spatial patterns of dead trees in the fragments accumulated from domino effects at the individual tree-level in two of the three fragments. Dead trees were more associated with preexisting gaps. Contrary to our predictions at the fragment-level, the frequency of dead trees was not greater at edges, on windward aspects, or in poorly drained soils. This study demonstrated the complexity of spatial patterns of dead trees in forest fragments. The significant domino effects indicated that the occurrence of dead trees was not random, but determined by previous disturbances.''Collembola are among the most abundant and diverse soil animals contributing significantly to major ecosystem processes. Global climate changes in temperature and precipitation are likely to affect their community structure and functioning and this is likely to differ along altitudinal gradients. In this study, changes in richness, abundance, and body size of onychiurin Collembola with altitude have been investigated in the Changbai Mountain range of northeast China. Sampling was carried out on a 30 km long transect along forested slopes of the Changbai Mountains. Standardized samples were taken from 800 to 1700 m at seven altitudinal levels. More than 5000 specimens of Onychiurinae representing 13 species were collected, making Onychiuridae (with the sole subfamily Onychiurinae in Changbai) the most abundant Collembolan family in the area. The number of species of Onychiurinae slightly increased along the altitudinal gradient. The average number of species per sample, but not the total abundance, changed significantly but not monotonically with altitude. Body size of Onychiurinae species decreased significantly with increasing altitude contradicting rule. Furthermore, the abundance of the three body-size groups differentially responded to increasing altitude, with the abundance of the large body-size group decreasing and the abundance of the small body-size group increasing. Our results suggest that the distribution patterns of Collembola along the altitudinal gradient are complicated and may be linked to taxonomic groups and bioclimatic zones.''The frequent occurrence of sympatric series of closely related plant species in tropical rainforests has evoked claims for and against the application of the competitive exclusion principle in these ecosystems. Narrow niche limits defined by biotic as well as abiotic specialization have been reported for sympatric species of the same genus or family. In Amazonian lowland rainforests this question deserves renewed attention because: (1) the existence of edaphically defined community types has recently been well established, and (2) spatio-ecological niche segregation of congeneric species may help explain not only the maintenance of the high Amazonian alpha-diversity, but also its origin through sympatric ecological speciation. In this study, the morphology, ecology, and distribution patterns of two species,Clidemia epiphytica andC. longifolia (Melastomataceae), from western Amazonia, were analyzed. The aims were to find out whether they really are two distinct taxonomic species and if so, whether they also can be considered biological species; if the species are sympatric; and if they are ecologically specialized. The results showed that the morphological variation of the species seems continuous, but that they exhibit opposite morphological responses to variation in soil cation concentration, which suggests that they also are separate biological species. Furthermore, the species occur sympatrically but in different habitats. It is suggested that a part of the enigma of sympatric congeners in rainforests may be explainable by spatial segregation stemming from ecological specialization in relation to subtle environmental variation. It is hypothesized that the studied species are a good candidate case of sympatric speciation driven by ecological specialization.'Abstract not available'The distribution of plant communities and the pattern of species diversity were studied along an altitudinal gradient in the northwestern Red Sea region. A total of 58 stands were studied, using ten quadrats (10 m 10 m) per stand. The classification of vegetation using the Two Way Indicator Species Analysis (TWINSPAN) identified five groups representing different altitudinal ranges. Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA) clearly distinguished these groups by the first two DCA axes. Edaphic factors such as soil texture, CaCO3, organic carbon, and electrical conductivity contribute to the distribution of plant communities. Species richness, Shannon-index of diversity and evenness show a hump-shaped curve along the altitudinal gradient, whereas beta diversity decreases with elevation. Variation in the diversity and the distributional behaviour of plant species and plant communities in the study area may be attributed to the change of water resources, climatic factors, edaphic variables and anthropogenic pressures along the elevation gradient. The implications of the results are discussed and recommendations are suggested for conservation and sustainable utilization of vegetation.''This study deals with the geographical distribution of Eupatorieae species in South-eastern and Southern Brazilian mountain ranges, with special emphasis on the Mantiqueira range (Serra da Mantiqueira). In the Mantiqueira range, five localities were sampled for two years during the flowering period of the plants. Species composition in the Mantiqueira localities was then compared to data from a central range (the and a southern coastal range. Cluster and ordination analyses showed clear floristic differences among the three ranges. Nearer localities were more similar floristically only within the range and across all ranges, as shown by Mantel tests. The dendrogram in the Mantiqueira range clustered Itatiaia and Campos do two non-adjacent localities with similar environment, landscape and topography. Different processes may be influencing the structure and composition of the Eupatorieae flora at different geographical scales. Historical and biogeographical processes may be more important in determining community composition of different mountain ranges, whereas factors such as climate and human impact may be determining differences among localities within each mountain range.''A synopsis of the genus Cohniella is presented with nomenclatural updates with a discusion of diagnostic features and biogeographical data. Thirteen species and one natural hybrid are recognized. Two new species, Cohniella pendula and Cohniella biorbicularis, are described and illustrated. The following four new combinations are proposed: Cohniella binotii, Cohniella brachyphylla, Cohniella cepula, and Cohniella longifolia. Lectotypes are selected for Oncidium subulifolium, Oncidium helicanthum, Oncidium humboldtii, Oncidium jonesianum var. phaeanthum, Oncidium cepula, and Oncidium wittii. We also propose an amended lectotype for Epidendrum cebolleta and several epitypifications and new synonyms. A key to the genera of the Trichocentrum complex is presented (Appendix) as well as keys to the species of Cohniella.''Quinoa is an Andean grain that is increasingly gaining international attention. In recent years, the crop has also emerged in Peruvian regions at lower altitudes (including the Coast). This study investigated the insect diversity associated with quinoa by collecting insects with pitfall traps throughout the crop phenology in three altitudinal zones of Peru: San Lorenzo, in the traditional production region, and Majes and La Molina in the non-traditional regions Arequipa and Lima, respectively. Our data revealed that the alpha diversity (in terms of species evenness and species richness) was highest in the Andean zone, San Lorenzo, and lowest in Majes. As to the functional groups (herbivores and natural enemies), no differences between field sites in species evenness were found but San Lorenzo was significantly superior to the other zones in species richness of both functional guilds. The analysis of beta diversity revealed large differences among field sites in terms of entomofauna composition, with few species in common; the key pest of quinoa in South America, Eurysacca melanocampta, was found at the three localities. The results of this study can contribute to a more sustainable pest management system taking into account insect-mediated ecosystem services like biological control.''The structure and distribution of the Paraguay River phytoplankton (between and S and between and W was studied during and Phytoplankton density values were lower in winter (mean value between 731 and 878 ind. in summer (between 1113 and 1876 ind. and mean biomass (biovolume) ranged between 0.215 and 0.372 mm3 and between 0.586 and 1.223 mm3 respectively. In all, 332 algal taxa were identified: 298 in the upper section (Pantanal) and 143 in the middle and lower sections. They pertained to the Cyanophyta, Chlorophyta, Euglenophyta, Cryptophyta, Pyrrhophyta, Bacillariophyceae, Chrysophyceae and Xanthophyceae. Small Chlorophyta (Chloromonas gracilis, Choricystis minor, Crucigenia quadrata, Scenedesmus ecornis, Monoraphidium contortum and M. minutum) and Cryptophyta (Cryptomonas marssonii, C. ovata and Rhodomonas minuta) dominated. Bacillariophyceae (genera Aulacoseira and Cyclotella) increased in the lower section of the river. Biomass was dominated by centric forms of the genus Aulacoseira (A. granulata and its morphotypes, and A. herzogii). The diversity index varied between 1.99 and 5.0 bits in winter and between 1.49 and 4.87 bits in summer. Species richness (between 4 and 105 taxa per sample) showed a decrease in direction. The presence of one of the largest wetlands of the world may explain the high algal diversity in the upper section. The Bermejo River, with highly mineralized waters and a high content of suspended solids, causes a strong discontinuity in the lower section of the main course, viz, a decrease in water transparency and in the density, biomass, diversity and species richness values of phytoplankton, before its waters meet the River.''The inherent limitations of a random search of higher plants for novel cancer chemotherapeutic agents are National Cancer (NCI) Anticancer Screening Program. A graphic summary of plant exploration for the NCI is depicted on a world map showing 58 floristic regions. It is estimated that less than one-half of the world flora is economically feasible for collection. Random screening of approximately 35,000 species has led to guidelines that precluded further screening of all species in 333 genera and another 2,905 species in 1,773 genera. These taxa are reported to represent one-half to two-thirds of the species that characterize vegetation in geographic areas most frequently explored for the NCI. It is estimated that 40,000 untested species of flowering plants are readily available and meet the NCI guidelines for antitumor screening. However, because of apparent diminishing returns from random screening of chemicals in plant genera, it is suggested that a good representation of the diversity in the world flora could be obtained in 10,000 collections, if random sampling follows the phytogeographic outline that is recommended. Modifications to the screening methodology might be geared to an expected point of diminishing returns for discovering novel chemotypes. Additionally, the NCI should continue random screening to increase the development of new anticancer drugs; past screening has generated a tremendous wealth of data. Finally, in this paper, the author proposes to utilize lists representing taxa commonly collected for the NCI to create a manual of worldwide common plants.''In May 12, 2008, a strong earthquake occurred in Wenchuan County in the northern Sichuan Province of China. It registered 8.0 on the Richter scale with an 11-degree quake intensity, killing a large number of people, and causing extensive damage to the local environment. Wolong National Nature Reserve is about 30 km away from the epicenter and is one of the most important giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) habitats in China. Based on the impacts of the Wenchuan 512 earthquake and those of other strong earthquakes in the world, this paper reviews and discusses effects of strong earthquakes on geomorphology, soil chemical and physical properties, forests, bamboo growth, biodiversity, and giant panda habitat. This information may be useful for scientists when undertaking research projects on natural geography, ecological restoration, and habitat restoration in the Reserve and the disaster area.''The General Report consists of three parts. In part 1 the directions and purposes achieved with landslie mapping works so far published are briefly reviewed. In part 2 the papers contributed to Theme 1 of the Symposium are summarized.In part 3 the Reporter gives a general picture of the forms, content and purposes necessary, in his opinion, for mass movement mapping, above all for medium scale mapping. For this purpose he points out how necessary it is to make, before drawing up the final synthetic map, a series of systematic basic studies and correlations on the different circumstances influencing slope stability (mineralogical, petrological and tectonic characters of rocks; geotechnical properties; tectonics and eustacy; neotectonics and earthquakes; hydrogeology; climatic conditions; vegetation) and how such studies should be collected in analytical maps, catalogues, etc. Next, modern methodologies for data acquisition (registration, coding and data bank; representation of landform and geodynamic processes; remote sensing and aerophotogrammetry; special techniques for investigating landslides; deterministic and statistical models) through the quick methods better suited to systematic reconnaissance of landslide phenomena are discussed.Finally, the data which facilitate forecasting and the difficulties involved in the drawing of maps are stated.'sampling plots (PSPs) are a powerful and reliable methodology to help our understanding of the diversity and dynamics of tropical forests. Based on the current inventory of PSPs in Indonesia, there is high potential to establish a long-term collaborative forest monitoring network. Whilst there are challenges to initiating such a network, there are also innumerable benefits to help us understand and better conserve these exceptionally diverse'In recent years, new tools for funding nature conservation have been designed. Because poverty is often significant in areas with high biodiversity, the improvement of local livelihoods is frequently considered as a secondary goal of new financing mechanisms besides nature conservation. The buffer zone of the Podocarpus National Park in Ecuador is such a high biodiversity zone. In this paper, we compare the cost-effectiveness and development potential of three different mechanisms to finance nature conservation implemented in this buffer zone, namely (a) an organic coffee label, (b) the Socio Bosque Program, a nationwide payment scheme for private forest conservation, and (c) FORAGUA, a regional water fund. This paper describes the functioning and the scope of the mechanisms and analyses their environmental and socio-economic impacts which are compared to the total costs. Results show that the water fund has the highest additionality in ecosystem service provision, while the payment scheme is the most cost-effective both for current as for increased ecosystem service provision and for extra rural job creation. Organic coffee certification has the highest positive impact on rural income creation.''The indelible imprint of humanity is credited for the major degradation of natural systems worldwide. Nowhere are the transforming qualities of mankind more apparent than in the native temperate grassland regions of the world. Formerly occupying some 9 million km2, or 8% of the terrestrial surface, native temperate grasslands have been reduced to vestiges of their former glory. Only 4.6% are conserved globally within protected testament to being the least protected and the most extensively transformed of the terrestrial biomes. The aim of this paper is to continue promoting the conservation value of native temperate grasslands, and reiterate the need for further protection and sustainable management before further losses and inadequate protection undermine ecological integrity any further. A new strategic direction is presented for the next decade, underpinned by ten key focus areas. The most realistic opportunities to improve protection lie in central, eastern and western Asia where landscape-scale tracts of native temperate grassland remain in reasonable condition. Such a course necessitates a strong reliance on integrating sustainable use and conservation by promoting concepts such as Indigenous and Community Conserved Areas as legitimate and recognized forms of protected areas. Here the conservation value of working rangeland landscapes utilised by nomadic pastoralists comes to the fore. The naive and short-sighted approach to viewing native temperate grasslands merely as a palette for transformation and intensive utilisation should be weighed more objectively against an understanding of the myriad benefits they provide.''Biodiversity and biogeography of leaf-inhabiting endophytic fungi have not been resolved yet. This is because host specificity, life cycles and species concepts, in this heterogeneous ecological guild of plant-associated microfungi, are far from being understood. Even though it is known that culture-based collection techniques are often biased, this has been the method of choice for studying fungal endophytes. Isolation of fungal endophytes only through culture-based methods could potentially mask slow growing species as well as species with low prevalence, preventing the capture of the real diversity and composition. This bias can be partially resolved by the use of cultivation-independent approaches such as direct sequencing of plant tissue by next generation techniques. Irrespective of the chosen sampling method, an efficient analysis of community ecology is urgently needed in order to evaluate the driving forces acting on fungal endophytic communities. In the present study, endophytic ascomyceteous fungi from three different plant genera (Vasconcellea microcarpa, Tillandsia spp., and distributed in Peru, were isolated through culture-based sampling techniques and sequenced for their ITS rDNA region. These data sets were used to assess host preferences and biogeographic patterns of endophytic assemblages. This study showed that the effect of the genetic background (identity) has a significant effect on the composition of the fungal endophytic community. In other words, the composition of the fungal endophytic community was significantly related to their taxonomic identity. However, this was not true for all endophytic groups, since we found some endophytic groups (e.g. Xylariales and Pleosporales) occurring in more than one host genus. Findings from this study promote the formulation of hypotheses related to the effect of altitudinal changes on the endophytic communities along the Eastern Andean slopes. These hypotheses and perspectives for fungal biodiversity research and conservation in Peru are addressed and discussed.'Abstract not available'This research examines how the Kandozi indigenous group governs access to fish and timber for sale and evaluates their perceptions of sustainability of those natural resources. The Kandozi occupy a biodiverse tropical forest in the northern Peruvian Amazon with lakes and seasonally flooded areas. Qualitative methods and a comparative examination of access to resources were used to explore current processes that shape access and the perceptions of their benefit from natural resources. Results indicated that environmental heterogeneity, kinship, land tenure, the legal framework, and knowledge all shaped access with some differences due to the dissimilar natures of fish and timber. This research concludes that the sustainability of this and similar systems are dependent upon the moment at which the analysis is done, because of the changing needs of people over time, in addition to changes in external factors and the natural variations that occur in the resources used. The range of relations and interactions among different processes that shape access, and the historically contingent characteristic of access and its evolution over time, help better understand the complexity of a given social-ecological system.''Cola dorrii Cheek sp. nov. is described from Maputaland Sand and Northern Coastal Forest types in KwaZulu-Natal of South Africa. Formerly treated as Cola greenwayi Brenan, it differs in much shorter leaf-blades and petioles, and in the fruitlets which are stipitate, with apices that are rounded and forward-facing. The indumentum has stellate hairs which are soft, with sinuate arms, rather than subscabrid with stiff arms. The species is assessed as Vulnerable using the IUCN 2012 standard due to habitat modification and loss due to humans, elephants and due to the invasive shrub Chromolaena odorata.''We examined seasonal patterns of spatial variation in understory bird assemblages across a mosaic of upland and floodplain forests in central Amazonia, where variation in flooding patterns and floodwater nutrient load shapes a marked spatial heterogeneity in forest structure and composition. Despite great differences in productivity due to flooding by either nutrient-rich or nutrient-poor bird assemblages in the two floodplain forest types were relatively similar, showing lower abundances than adjacent upland forests (terra firme) and sharing a set of species that were absent or scarce elsewhere. Species that breed in pensile nests overhanging water were abundant in floodplain forests, whereas species that feed on the ground were generally scarce. Flooding affected assemblage dynamics in floodplain forests, with some influx of ground-dwelling species such as ant-following birds from adjacent upland during the low-water season, and the occupation by riverine and aquatic species such as kingfishers during floods. Spatial configuration influenced the seasonal pattern of assemblage structuring, with movements from terra firme occurring primarily to adjacent forests. No such influx was detected in forests that were farther from terra firme and isolated by wide river channels. Results support the view that habitat heterogeneity created by flooding strongly contributes to maintain diverse vertebrate assemblages in Amazonia forest landscapes, even in the case of largely sedentary species such as understory forest birds. Including both upland and floodplain forests in Amazonia reserves may thus be essential to preserve bird diversity at the landscape scale.''Seed systems for roots, tuber, and banana (RTB) crops receive relatively little attention from development-oriented research and commercial seed sector actors, despite their importance for food security, nutrition and rural livelihoods. We review RTB seed particular reference to potato, sweetpotato, cassava, yam reflect on current seed system development approaches and the unique nature of these systems. We refer to our own experiences, literature and 13 case studies of RTB seed system interventions to identify gaps in our knowledge on farmer practices in sourcing and multiplying seed, and processes affecting seed quality. Currently, most approaches to developing RTB seed systems favour decentralised multiplication models to make quality seed available to smallholder farmers. Nevertheless, arguments and experiences show that in many situations, the economic sustainability of these models cannot be guaranteed, among others because the effective demand of farmers for seed from vegetatively propagated crops is unclear. Despite the understudied nature of agronomic and social practices in relation to seed production and sourcing in RTB crops, there is sufficient evidence to show that local RTB seed systems are adaptive and dynamic. Our analysis suggests the paramount importance of understanding effective demand for seed and how this affects the sustainable supply of quality seed from specialized producer-entrepreneurs, regardless of the seed system paradigm. From the case studies we learnt that few interventions are designed with a rigorous understanding of these issues; in particular, what types of interventions work for which actors, where, and why, although this is a necessary condition for prioritizing investments to increase the use of improved seed by smallholder farmers.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'The lowlands of eastern and northeastern Bolivia are characterized by a transition between the humid evergreen forests of the Amazon Basin and the deciduous thorn-scrub vegetation of the Gran Chaco. Within this landscape lies one of the best preserved areas: the ecoregion known as the Chiquitano dry forest, where deforestation patterns over a period were analyzed. Results indicate that the area of the natural cover was reduced from before 1976 to in 2008, causing significant change in the landscape, especially in the spatial configuration of forest cover. The density of forest fragments increased from 0.073 patches per before 1976 to 0.509 in 2008, with a mean distance between patches of 151 and over the same period, leading to a considerable reduction in the fragment sizes, from before 1976 to a mere 54 in 2008. This pattern, observed in forests, does not occur in the savannas because, on one hand the savanna area is much lower compared to that of forests, and on the other because the deforestation process tended to be concentrated within forested areas. Based on the observed patterns, it is possible that in the future the natural landscapes will be substituted principally by anthropic landscapes, if there is no change in the economic and land distribution policies. If this process continues, it will stimulate the expansion of mechanized agriculture and the colonization of new areas, which will lead to further deforestation and landscape fragmentation.'"The conservation and utilization of allied gene resources is vital for the improvement of crop species. Rubber has been an undeniably beneficial commodity for the past 100 years. Progress in yield improvement over 70 years resulted in primary and hybrid clones with exceptional yielding abilities. The extension of Hevea to marginal areas necessitated breeding of new clones with resistance to environmental constraints. India, China, Brazil, Thailand, d'Ivoire and Vietnam have marginal environments with single or multiple constraints such as low temperature, wind, higher altitude, moisture deficit and diseases. Allied species and accessions from the Brazil Amazonia can be integrated into such breeding programmes. Many of these clones are resultant of natural interspecific hybridizations. Also, allied species are excellent resources of timber. Molecular interventions revealed mtDNA of modern clones are highly conserved contributed by only two clones (PB 56 and Tjir 1). Nuclear DNA is highly divergent due to breeding and selection under varied geo-climates. The adaptation of allied species and wild accessions under a wide range of environments of Brazil is promising as a source of variation for breeding, and enables selection of clones for specific marginal areas."'We present the global general circulation model IPSL-CM5 developed to study the long-term response of the climate system to natural and anthropogenic forcings as part of the 5th Phase of the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project (CMIP5). This model includes an interactive carbon cycle, a representation of tropospheric and stratospheric chemistry, and a comprehensive representation of aerosols. As it represents the principal dynamical, physical, and bio-geochemical processes relevant to the climate system, it may be referred to as an Earth System Model. However, the IPSL-CM5 model may be used in a multitude of configurations associated with different boundary conditions and with a range of complexities in terms of processes and interactions. This paper presents an overview of the different model components and explains how they were coupled and used to simulate historical climate changes over the past and different scenarios of future climate change. A single version of the IPSL-CM5 model (IPSL-CM5A-LR) was used to provide climate projections associated with different socio-economic scenarios, including the different Representative Concentration Pathways considered by CMIP5 and several scenarios from the Special Report on Emission Scenarios considered by CMIP3. Results suggest that the magnitude of global warming projections primarily depends on the socio-economic scenario considered, that there is potential for an aggressive mitigation policy to limit global warming to about two degrees, and that the behavior of some components of the climate system such as the Arctic sea ice and the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation may change drastically by the end of the twenty-first century in the case of a no climate policy scenario. Although the magnitude of regional temperature and precipitation changes depends fairly linearly on the magnitude of the projected global warming (and thus on the scenario considered), the geographical pattern of these changes is strikingly similar for the different scenarios. The representation of atmospheric physical processes in the model is shown to strongly influence the simulated climate variability and both the magnitude and pattern of the projected climate changes.''Compared with non-limestone forests, limestone forests tend to show lower pteridophyte diversity, yet they are known to harbor a unique set of species due to their substrate conditions and naturally fragmented habitat areas. Pteridophyte assemblage composition, however, has not been quantitatively investigated in Xishuangbanna, southwestern China, known as one of the most species-rich areas of China. Using a fully standardized sampling protocol, we tested the following hypotheses: (1) pteridophyte species composition is different between limestone forests (LF) and non-limestone forests (NLF); and the differences are attributable to (2) lower species richness in LF; (3) greater spatial and temporal turnovers (beta diversity) in LF; and (4) higher proportion of pteridophyte species restricted to LF. We found significant differences in pteridophyte assemblage compositions between LF and NLF. Average species richness per transect (alpha diversity) was lower in LF than in NLF, but we found no difference in overall species richness (gamma diversity) between LF and NLF at the scale of this study, because species turnover among samples (beta diversity) was higher in LF than in NLF. A total of 23 species were restricted to LF and 32 species restricted to NLF; however, geographic distribution of LF species was limited to certain habitat patches within this habitat. Our results suggest that LF pteridophyte biodiversity cannot be protected by conserving a limited number of habitat patches, because loss of one LF habitat patch may result in local extinction of species or extinction of endemic species that are yet to be discovered.''It is a well-known fact that the natural resources are rapidly being depleted, and water is probably the most important resource. A growing number of countries are facing a water deficit accompanied by increased water pollution. This review is devoted to the state of the largest lakes, which the authors regard as the most important source of continental waters.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Quantifying survey completeness is a key step in designing and interpreting biodiversity assessments. To date this has only been examined either at a local scale through repetitive sampling, or across broader geographic areas through multiple survey sites. In this paper, we determine the completeness of sampling at both local and continental scales, of the phytophagous arthropod assemblage on the Neotropical shrub (Leguminosae). We used survey gap analysis (SGA) to determine whether existing surveys adequately sampled the diversity of environments and geographic space covered by the plant. Within defined geographic regions, we determined survey completeness at a local scale with species accumulation curves. SGA identified the highest priority sites for future sampling in the Sonoran Desert and the Pacific Coast of South America. The arthropods sampled on P. aculeata differed significantly between seasons, highlighting the importance of including surveys throughout the year. At the local scale, surveys in most regions were estimated to have sampled of all species. Only the Mexican Gulf, following 84 samples including 902 individuals, had a reasonably complete sample of all species (more than As in other studies, rare species will continue to be detected even after extensive surveying, and it is likely that close to 100 samples or 1,000 individuals will be needed to attain survey completeness in a region. However, if the objective is to document close then effort may be better directed at surveying ecologically distinct new areas rather than exhaustive sampling in existing ones. Methods such as SGA can direct such surveys, and in conjunction with species-richness estimates, can be used to assess the adequacy of existing surveys.''Alpine ecosystems occur under extreme climatic conditions and, as a result, house a unique and vulnerable biota. They are very scarce at tropical latitudes; in Mexico occur mainly along the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt, where species richness is not high but narrow endemics stand out. We investigate the effects of climate change under hypothesized contrasting climate warming scenarios using ecological niche modeling of five microendemic alpine species. Occurrence data was obtained mainly from field trips, but herbaria were also examined. A total of 21 climatic and topographic variables, as well as individual selections of variables were employed to construct models with Maxent and GARP. Depending on the number of occurrences, current models were validated with Partial-ROC or Jackknife procedures; and projections to 2050 and 2070 were made using two Representative Concentration Pathways and two Global Circulation Models. All models showed a clear pattern of contraction under the explored scenarios; over of contemporary climatic distribution disappeared, suggesting that analyzed species face imminent extinction due to climatic habitat loss. The models are useful in representing the endemic component of Mexican alpine grassland by reciprocal correspondence in geographic distribution, and we consider it as a highly endangered ecosystem due to climate change, which is probably applicable to other tropical alpine ecosystems. The Pico de Orizaba volcano seems the best option to preserve due to its extension and elevation. However, further studies at finer scales are needed to improve in situ preservation and conservation strategies that include translocation, assisted migration and seed banking.''The possible introduction of genetically modified potato in the Andean region raises concerns about the unintentional introduction of transgenes into the native potato germplasm because it is perceived to convey negative impacts on biodiversity. We investigated this question by an ex-post analysis of existing landraces resulting from natural hybridization between an unknown landrace and the fertile commercial variety This variety can be regarded as exotic because it was bred in part from the southern Chilean germplasm of Solanum tuberosum Group Chilotanum. We sampled the landrace germplasm of 1,771 leaf samples comprising more than 400 different landraces from three regions where and landraces have coexisted for in the Peruvian Andes. Simple sequence repeat (SSR) markers were used to identify putative hybrids based on allele sharing with those of The exclusion procedure was iterative, starting with the SSR markers with highest discriminating capacity based on allele frequency of the variety in our large database of 688 landraces by 24 SSR makers. With only 12 of the 24 SSR markers assayed, all of the samples could be rejected as possible hybrids with as a parent. This result demonstrates that the unintentional introduction of a transgene, not under selection, from a widely grown transgenic variety over a long period of time is unlikely to happen at a detectable scale. Our finding reinforces the prominent role of farmers in the selection and maintenance of landraces which, unlike hybrids, have specific characteristics that farmers appreciate.''In this opinion article, we briefly review the status of crop biotechnology emphasis on the development of GM Jamaica and Venezuela. We focus on the transgenic papayas developed for both countries, and examine the factors hindering not only the development and application of this biotechnological commodity for the improvement of agricultural productivity, but also on the challenges influencing societal acceptance of the technology.'ternicapitulata is described from Sierra de Maigualida in T. F. Amazonas and a key to the species of Chromolaena from Guayana is given. Newly documented for the flora of Venezuela are M. aschersonii Hieron. and M. amazonica Baker, the second herein resurrected from the synonymy of common and widespread M. sprucei Baker. Mikania karsteniana Klot. ex Hieron. is not considered synonymous with M. pannosa Baker, thus the latter is again considered to be endemic to Guayana.''Releasing alien mammals was considered positive in the past, but impacts were recognized as important already decades ago. Himalayan tahr were introduced to New Zealand (NZ), resulting in overt damage and continuous government control programs. Existing laws could not prevent NZ exports, and Argentina imports of tahr, although NZ authorities recommended against these imports. National and provincial legislation was possibly too complex, contradictory or incomplete to be enforced, or had loopholes such that tahr were imported to Argentina (2000, 2006). The estimated population in 2008 was tahr. As even common travel routes are used to cross national borders in South America illegally with live ungulates, and enterprises importing tahr have been intercepted for illegally transporting wild ungulates previously, there are substantial risks that tahr might be released to new sites. As huge areas lack natural barriers, landscapes are very similar to NZ environments successfully invaded by tahr, and eradication or control are unfeasible, the future of Himalayan tahr in South America now hinges solely on releases or escapes. Importantly, the 2006 import was to Andean foothills which is an ecological time bomb. Considering climates, history of invasiveness in NZ, and low required propagule pressure, tahr could perform from along the Andes. NZ still has many illegal liberations, thus it would be more difficult to contain illegal liberations in Argentina. It calls for more leadership and better standards by exporting countries, especially if they had the chance to experience the consequences of having received the exotic species earlier.'Abstract not available'For forest ecosystem management to be effective, knowledge of the horizontal and vertical structural diversity of a forest is essential. The moist Afromontane highlands of Wondo Genet in south-central Ethiopia present an opportunity to restore and rehabilitate and enhance the ecosystem services to be obtained from this forest sustainably. We focused on the forest structural characteristics to better understand the current forest conditions to assist in the sustainable management of this resource. A total of 75 (20 m 20 m) quadrats were sampled and diameter at breast height (DBH) 2 cm and stem height 2 m were measured. Species identity and abundance, elevation, slope, and aspect were recorded for each plot. Structural characteristics were computed for each plot. Relationship of topographic factors with vegetation characteristics was conducted using R-Software. A total of 72 woody species was recorded. Whereas, the overall diameter distribution shows an inverted J-shaped curve, the basal area followed a bell-shaped pattern. Five types of population structures are revealed. The mean tree density and basal area was 397.3 and 31.4 respectively. Only 2.8% of the tree species have densities of >25 and the percentage distribution of trees show 56.2% in the DBH class cm, indicating that the forest is dominated by medium-sized trees. Celtis africana (8.81 and Pouteria adolfi-friedericii (5.13 make the highest contribution to the basal area and species importance value index. The families/species with the highest importance value index are Ulmaceae, Fabacea and Sapotaceae. Species abundance =0.32, p <0.001) and species richness =0.50, p <0.001) are positively related with tree density. Tree density is negatively related with elevation p <0.001), slope p <0.001) and aspect p <0.05). While basal area is negatively related with elevation p <0.001), it has a positive relationship with tree density =0.28, p <0.001 and species richness =0.098). Species with poor population structure should be assisted by restoration tasks and further anthropogenic disturbance such as illegal logging and fuel wood extraction should be restricted.'"This study undertakes a multi-model comparison with the aim to describe and quantify systematic changes of the global energy and water budgets when the horizontal resolution of atmospheric models is increased and to identify common factors of these changes among models. To do so, we analyse an ensemble of twelve atmosphere-only and six coupled GCMs, with different model formulations and with resolutions spanning those of state-of-the-art coupled GCMs, i.e. from resolutions coarser than to resolutions finer than The main changes in the global energy budget with resolution are a systematic increase in outgoing longwave radiation and decrease in outgoing shortwave radiation due to changes in cloud properties, and a systematic increase in surface latent heat flux; when resolution is increased from 100 to the magnitude of the change of those fluxes can be as large as Moreover, all but one atmosphere-only model simulate a decrease of the poleward energy transport at higher resolution, mainly explained by a reduction of the equator-to-pole tropospheric temperature gradient. Regarding hydrological processes, our results are the following: (1) there is an increase of global precipitation with increasing resolution in all models (up to but the partitioning between land and ocean varies among models; (2) the fraction of total precipitation that falls on land is on average 10% larger at higher resolution in grid point models, but it is higher resolution in spectral models; (3) grid points models simulate an increase of the fraction of land precipitation due to moisture convergence twice as large as in spectral models; (4) grid point models, which have a better resolved orography, show an increase of orographic precipitation of up to which explains most of the change in land precipitation; (5) at the regional scale, precipitation pattern and amplitude are improved with increased resolution due to a better simulated seasonal mean circulation. We discuss our results against several observational estimates of the budget and hydrological cycle and they support recent high estimates of global precipitation."'Because isolated trees in pasture experience greater exposure than forest trees, the epiphytes on them should be more drought and sun-tolerant. In Veracruz, Mexico, we compared the structure and nutrient content of the epiphyte community on five forest oaks (FO) in a fragment of lower montane cloud forest to that of five isolated oaks in pasture (IO). IO supported fewer epiphyte species than FO; 62.8% of the 35 epiphyte species were recorded only in one habitat (51.4% on FO and 11.4% on IO). Polypodium plebeium and Tillandsia spp. seedlings were more abundant on FO, while T. kirchhoffiana and T. punctulata were more abundant on IO. Evenness was lower on IO, which supported higher epiphyte biomass. pH, Ca, Mg, N, K, and Na concentrations were similar for FO and IO, with only Pextractable being lower on IO than FO. We concluded that when an epiphyte community is isolated (IO), the populations of some species expand while those of other diminish or disappear, a phenomenon that changes the structure of the epiphyte community becoming less even.''This study presents an evaluation of a participatory bird census (PBC) project that has been administered to coffee farmers in Colombia. Our objectives were (1) to evaluate the effect of the PBC project on conservation knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors of coffee farmers and (2) to learn about the barriers farmers perceive toward adopting conservation practices. We conducted 261 interviews on four groups to control for the effects of involvement with an environmental coffee certification program (Rainforest and the PBC project. The four groups were (1) non-PBC participant, non-RA certified; (2) PBC participant, non-RA certified; (3) non-PBC participant, RA certified; and (4) PBC participant, RA certified. PBC participant/RA and PBC participant/non-RA were more knowledgeable about migratory and threatened birds. PBC participant/RA, PBC participant/non-RA, and non-PBC participant/RA groups believed they had the skills to perform bird conservation practices on their farms. A majority of respondents indicated that they were performing bird conservation practices and had positive attitudes toward birds. Farmers believed that lack of environmental awareness and lack of knowledge were the main barriers to perform bird conservation practices. Evaluating participatory programs with Colombian farmers can reveal environmental literacy improvements, but self-reported surveys may not be adequate to ascertain attitude changes and adoption of conservation practices. Direct observations on individual farms would be required to determine the impacts on such outreach efforts. Bird conservation seems popular with Colombian coffee farmers, and outreach programs that give detailed biodiversity management information could help aid bird conservation efforts on coffee farms.'"This article examines knowledge of medicinal plants, both among the people of Nicaragua's Atlantic Coast and among the scientific community. Data collected during an 809-household, five-community survey in 1990 and a ten-community botanical collection in 1991 are used to estimate the distribution of medicinal plant knowledge among the region's six ethnic groups. The list of 162 plants identified during this project is compared with other research results to provide the reader with a framework for understanding the distribution of medicinal plant knowledge.While a few plants are widely thought to have medicinal properties, the majority of identifications come from only one or two informants, demonstrating a pattern of consensus within diversity. Discussion focuses on the impact of methodology on the gathering of data, on the distribution and durability of medicinal plant knowledge, and on the properietary nature of such knowledge."'Long-term monitoring of tropical forest animals lags far behind long-term monitoring of tropical forest plants, compromising ability to identify parallel trends. On 257 occasions over park guards in a newly protected lowland Amazonian forest in southeastern Peru tallied individuals of 31 reptile, bird, and mammal species sighted along a 47-km stretch of river. Each survey entailed of observation from a motorized boat; total survey effort was and Our primary goals were descriptive: to establish baseline sighting rates for these species and to document trends over time and the influence of environmental and sampling factors on sightings. Our secondary goals were to identify the advantages and disadvantages of river-based monitoring and to assess how useful these data are for ecologists and protected areas managers. Over the of monitoring we observed 1.8 animals/km. More than 90% of recorded individuals belonged to seven common taxa: two reptiles, four birds, and one mammal. Season was the most frequent correlate of sighting frequency; sightings increased in dry season. For the majority of taxa common enough to analyze, sightings increased over the of monitoring; this is possibly a result of reduced hunting since the establishment of the protected area. Compared to forest-based surveys, river-based surveys were inefficient at recording most mammals. Results to date suggest that river-based surveys can be a valuable, inexpensive tool for monitoring some ecologically important Amazonian animals, and especially those in protected areas.''We have compared edible plant richness, diversity and differential patterns of use in two Mapuche communities of Argentina. The populations of Rams and Cayulef are located in a herbaceous steppe, far from the temperate forests of northwestern Patagonia where their ancestors lived in the past. Ecological concepts and methods, such as diversity indices, niche breadth and optimal foraging theory have been used in this comparative study. Our results indicate that the diversity of wild plants used in Rams and Cayulef is associated with the variety of gathering environments they visit. When comparing diversity indices among the three environments within each community, in Cayulef we found the highest diversity indices for steppe species and the lowest for forest plants. In contrast, in Rams the niche breadth is similar in all environments, indicating an ample exploration and use of edible wild plants. Cost and benefit trade-offs seem to be considered in both communities when edible plants are collected. Nevertheless, we found that the people from Rams not only utilize a greater richness of wild plants than the Cayulef people, but also use more nutritious resources, spend more time traveling to the gathering sites and a longer handling time in preparing these edible plants. This study has quantitatively shown that the restricted access to Pehuen forest (Araucaria araucana) is the main factor which seems to limit wild plant diversity used in these Mapuche communities.''Isozyme polymorphism in four enzyme systems was used to estimate the genetic diversity in nine populations of Theobroma cacao L. The distribution of allelic variation observed in this study was inconsistent with the currently held view that the Upper Amazon region of Peru is the centre of cacao genetic diversity. All the populations analysed from this area of Peru were genetically similar, and contained a low level of isozyme polymorphism. It is argued that this is a result of genuine low diversity in the region rather than a sampling artifact. If a centre of diversity of wild cacao truly exists, this work indicates that it lies further north in Ecuador and Colombia.Although they are morphologically highly variable, Trinitario cacao populations derived from cultivation are currently accorded low priority for conservation. This phenotypic variation was observed to be reflected in high levels of isozyme polymorphism. It is suggested that the present strategy for the conservation of cacao germplasm, which accords priority to the Upper Amazon region of Peru while neglecting the Carribbean should be reconsidered.''ContextForest fragmentation alters the composition, structure and function of ecosystems and affects ecological processes that are fundamental for the provision of ecosystem services where functional diversity is sensitive to its effects. Analyzing the functional responses of the plant community to fragmentation can provide new approaches to its conservation and management.ObjectivesWe analyzed whether the functional diversity of woody individuals associated with aboveground biomass (AGB) in a high Andean forest in Colombia is affected by fragmentation.MethodsBased on three fragmentation categories identified using landscape metrics, we selected ten forest fragments. Multitrait and monotrait functional diversity indexes (foliar and wood) weighted by aboveground biomass were calculated in plots of in each fragment. Analysis of variance was performed, and simple linear regressions were quantified to identify the relationships between functional diversity and fragmentation.ResultsThe category of large fragments had a higher average AGB than did the medium and small fragments. Fragmentation had effects on the variance of some foliar and stem traits but not on functional dominance. For the multitraits indexes, the edge contrast was negatively related with functional dispersion.ConclusionsThe categories analyzed have similar responses in terms of functionality associated with AGB. We highlight the importance of small fragments in the maintenance of plant functional diversity and as reservoirs of AGB. We underline that small fragments are important to consider in the development of conservation and connectivity strategies.''Extrapolation of local relationships to broader scales provides species distribution models used for conservation planning. We investigated the importance of environmental heterogeneity and geographic distance on pteridophyte species spatial distribution on 38 plots of distributed over in Central Amazon. Inclusion of canopy openness in our models increased the capacity of predicting community composition even under the narrow range of canopy openness found in our plots. Nevertheless, there was still a large amount of unexplained variance The response of the community to the light gradient was hierarchical and we did not find evidences of light partitioning. Most species were concentrated in low light plots but a few common and abundant occurred along the entire gradient. Soil properties were the major determinants of community composition. Contrary to similar studies, slope was not a good predictor of pteridophyte community composition, indicating that this relationship may be site-specific. There was no correlation between floristic distances and geographic distances. We concluded that mesoscale turnover is low, although locally environmental variation determines high turnover of species. Studies among different Amazonian physiognomies tend to find high levels of beta-diversity. However, coarse comparisons can not reveal subtle patterns that are relevant for biodiversity conservation planning. This study found some important changes on pteridophyte community within the same type of forest, mainly related to environmental heterogeneity, even in narrow ranges of environmental variation.''Crop wild relatives are important for agriculture because they contain high levels of genetic diversity and grow in a wide range of habitats and environments. Colombia has the largest number of cacao crop wild relatives in the world, including different species of the genus Theobroma and its sister genus Herrania. This diversity and distribution of cacao crop wild relatives in Colombia using species occurrences extracted from museum and herbarium archives, fieldwork collections gathered conducted expeditions and species distribution modelling. A total of 211 botanical collections comprising of Theobroma species, and of Herrania species were collected on expeditions to in the upper Amazon basin and La Victoria, in the Pacific region of central Choco. These collections represent 22 taxa of cacao crop wild relatives. On expedition, we reported the highest richness and endemism, where seven taxa three found within a radius of which has never been recorded before. On the Amazon expedition, we found an abundance of of Theobroma cacao on the river banks. We estimated of the most suitable environments for wild cacao in in unprotected areas. Our study reveals that species diversity and endemism of cacao crop wild relatives in Colombia is under sampled and distributional patterns are incomplete. Based on the findings of our study, we propose a conservation strategy that consists of further expeditions to collect herbarium and germplasm habitat protection of cacao crop wild relatives in Colombia.''A new species of bat in the genus Myotis (Vespertilionidae, Myotinae) is described from the ecoregion on the western slope of the Andes in northwestern Ecuador. The genus Myotis comprises a diverse group of small to large-sized vespertilionid bats distributed worldwide. Twelve South American species are recognized currently, 6 of which occur in Ecuador. Morphological relationships among the new species and the other 12 South American species of Myotis were examined using 15 cranial and 5 external characters. Both qualitative and quantitative analyses found the new species to be distinct. As an aid to future identifications, we provide a key to the Ecuadorian species of Myotis.''An analysis and evaluation has been performed of global datasets on column-integrated water vapor (precipitable water). For years before 1996, the Ross and Elliott radiosonde dataset is used for validation of European Centre for Medium-range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) reanalyses ERA-40. Only the special sensor microwave imager (SSM/I) dataset from remote sensing systems (RSS) has credible means, variability and trends for the oceans, but it is available only for the post-1988 period. Major problems are found in the means, variability and trends from 1988 to 2001 for both reanalyses from National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and the ERA-40 reanalysis over the oceans, and for the NASA water vapor project (NVAP) dataset more generally. NCEP and ERA-40 values are reasonable over land where constrained by radiosondes. Accordingly, users of these data should take great care in accepting results as real. The problems highlight the need for reprocessing of data, as has been done by RSS, and reanalyses that adequately take account of the changing observing system. Precipitable water variability for is dominated by the evolution of ENSO and especially the structures that occurred during and following the El event. The evidence from SSM/I for the global ocean suggests that recent trends in precipitable water are generally positive and, for 1988 through 2003, average per decade or per decade for the ocean as a whole, where the error bars are 95% confidence intervals. Over the oceans, the precipitable water variability relates very strongly to changes in SSTs, both in terms of spatial structure of trends and temporal variability (with a regression coefficient for of 7.8% and is consistent with the assumption of fairly constant relative humidity. In the tropics, the trends are also influenced by changes in rainfall which, in turn, are closely associated with the mean flow and convergence of moisture by the trade winds. The main region where positive trends are not very evident is over Europe, in spite of large and positive trends over the North Atlantic since 1988. A much longer time series is probably required to obtain stable patterns of trends over the oceans, although the main variability could probably be deduced from past SST and associated precipitation variations.''The recent proliferation of Andean archaeological research presents new interpretive opportunities for reconstructing different aspects of Inka origins. Early colonial historiography reveals that refers to multiple aspects of the past, including the first appearance of Andean people, Inca ancestors, and the imperial title. The intellectual history of Inka archaeology demonstrates the lasting influence of Spanish colonial interpretive values, even with the gradual introduction of new scientific methods during the 20th century. Since 1970, significant advances in the archaeology of Cuzco, the Inka capital region, and other parts of the Andes have established an independent database that highlights the long-term and regional aspect of Inka origins, as well as areas where interpretive questions remain. The shift from colonial chronicles to archaeological data improves the accuracy of reconstructions of Inka origins, but it also raises some epistemological questions for the future relationships between history and archaeology in the study of ancient empires.''Nine new species ofSolanum and two ofCapsicum are described from Bolivia. Notes are provided on some other species, including the complex typification ofSolanum aridum.Capsicum caballeroi, C. ceratocalyx, Solanum chalmersii, S. clandestinum, S. comarapanum, S. complectens, S. monanthemon, S. moxosense, S. pedemontanum, S. saturatum, andS. whalenii are described and illustrated, and a new name,S. scuticum, is proposed for the species previously known asS. tabacifolium.''The intellectual property rights debate focuses on the flow of germplasm from developing tropical countries to developed temperate nations. Few investigators have addressed the converse. We discuss the abundance and importance of introduced plants in pharmacopoeias of northern South America. Introduced species commonly are employed as medicines throughout the region and include at least 216 Eurasian, North American, African, and Pacific species. Among the Shuar of lowland Ecuador, four introduced plants (Citrus aurantium, Cymbopogon citratus, Saccharum officinarum, and Zingiber officinale) are included in their most commonly prescribed remedies. The widespread use of introduced plants is due, in part, to the medicinal value of plants whose primary use is for food (e.g., Musa X paradisiacal Similarly, many introduced ornamentals also have therapeutic value (e.g., Hedychium coronarium). Other species have been introduced specifically as medicines (e.g., Aloe vera). Restrictions on the flow of germplasm and plant knowledge may protect the economic interests of governments and national industry. If applied bilaterally, however, constraints on the movement of plants will limit the continued evolution of traditional medicinal systems in areas where they are most needed.'is the only epigean freshwater amphipod present in Chile . H. chiloensis, H. costera and H. kochi are here described and illustrated. H. kochi is distributed in highland areas of the Andes in northern Chile; it is characterized by a short ramus on uropod 3 and a hammer-shaped gnathopod 1. H. costera and H. chiloensis are present in lowland areas, the latter restricted to the southern part of the country. These two species have a long ramus on uropod 3, but they differ in the shape and length of the palp on maxilla 1, the setation of peraeopods 3, 4, and telson. The presence in Chile of H. fossamancinii Cavalieri, 1959 is also reported here.''The heating effect (or mass elevation effect, MEE) of the Tibetan Plateau (TP) is intense due to its massive body. Some studies have been undertaken on its role as the heat source in summer and its implications for Asian climate, but little has been known of the implications of its MEE for the distribution of mountain altitudinal belts (MABs). Using air temperature data observed and remotely sensed data, MAB/treeline data, and ASTER GDEM data, this paper compares the height of MABs and alpine treelines in the main TP and the surrounding mountains/lowland and explains the difference from the point of view of MEE. The results demonstrate: 1) at same elevation, air temperature and the length of growing season gradually increase from the eastern edge to the interior TP, e.g., at 4500 m (corresponding to the mean altitude of the TP), the monthly mean temperature is higher (April) to higher (June) in the interior plateau than in the Sichuan Basin; the isotherm for the warmest month goes upward from the edge to the interior of the plateau, at 4000 m in the Qilian Mts. and the eastern edges of the plateau, and up to m in Lhasa and Zuogong; the warmth index at an altitude of 4500 m can be up to in the interior TP, but much lower at the eastern edges. 2) MABs and treeline follow a similar trend of rising inwards: dark-coniferous forest is m higher and alpine steppe is about m higher in the interior TP than at the eastern edges.''Laccopetalum giganteum (Ranunculaceae) is a rare endemic buttercup from the montane regions of the Peruvian Andes. The systematic position of this monotypic genus within Ranunculaceae was investigated using cpDNA matK sequence data. Our findings indicate that L. giganteum forms a highly supported clade together with Krapfia. Several morphological characters are shared by these genera; large subglobose and fleshy flowers, presence of androgynophore with a separated staminal and carpellate region and many tiny achenes. The Laccopetalum-Krapfia clade is sister to the core Ranunculus group with a high bootstrap support. The number of sepals and similar characteristics of achene morphology support an affinity of Laccopetalum with Ranunculus s.s tr.''Integrating native trees in farmland can support soil, water and biodiversity conservation. This is particularly important in regions characterized by long periods of drought and soil erosion, such as the Bolivian Andes, where agroforestry with native woody species is rarely applied. Better knowledge on the effects of environmental stress on propagation and establishment of such native plants is needed to optimize their cultivation. In our study, we tested the effects of temperature and scarification on seed germination, and assessed seedling survival and juvenile growth of two potential agroforestry species (Prosopis laevigata var. andicola, Schinus molle) under diverse soil and water conditions. Temperatures above accelerated germination, but they increased fungi infestation in the case of S. molle. The application of acid and mechanical scarification significantly improved the germination capacity of P. laevigata var. andicola. Medium to high moisture levels in sand provided the most favourable conditions for plant growth. S. molle was more sensitive to dry and P. laevigata var. andicola more vulnerable to water-saturated clay loam. Mulching enhanced the survival and growth of S. molle juveniles, but increased P. laevigata var. growth in sand and dry soils only. Our results may facilitate guidance on improving propagation of these two potential agroforestry species under environmental stress conditions. More generally, our study shows that easily applicable treatments, such as mulching, can significantly improve the cultivation of native species, provided that their habitat requirements and limiting factors are well known. This highlights the relevance of identifying and closing such knowledge gaps for native trees and shrubs in order to promote their potential for use in agroforestry.''Environmental fragility models are important decision tools for policy makers as they help quantify environmental sensitivity and understand the relationship between human activities and environmental quality. The objective of this study was to evaluate three different environmental fragility models within the Brazilian rainforest region and to use the results to develop environmental zone classes. Two rural river basins located in Ibiuna, Sao Paulo state, Brazil, were studied. Input variables, including slope class, relief dissection rate, soil class, lithology, land cover, and climate data, were used to compute environmental fragility classes using three standard models. The model outputs were evaluated on their ability to accurately predict the most sensitive and least sensitive areas. The best models for each region were used to derive environmental zoning maps, including restoration priorities, best regions for agriculture, and areas with high needs for soil management. These maps will help support land use strategies for environmental restoration. This study provides insight into territorial ordering and management of environmental services with a regional perspective.'is a small neotropical liana genus of the Cucurbitaceae that is well known ethnobotanically as having seeds with purgative and emetic properties. We report here the unusually high oil content of its seeds, first called to our attention by their use as candles by the Campa Indians in Amazonian Peru.Fevillea fruits apparently have a higher seed oil content than do those of any other dicotyledon. We suggest that, if the naturally occurring lianas in an uncut rainforest were all replaced byFevillea vines producing at normal levels, a per hectare oil yield comparable to those obtained in the most productive oil-seed plantations might be cutting a single tree. DifferentFevillea species have different seed-oil compositions and different ecological requirements, suggesting that appropriate breeding and agronomic development could lead to their use as new oil crops grown under a wide variety of tropical situations.'Abstract not available'Testate amoebae are amoeboid protists inhabiting a test (shell). They occur globally in soils, wetlands and freshwater, especially peats and mosses. They are of ancient origin, dating from at least the Mesozoic, with possible ancestors as old as the Neoproterozoic. Approximately have been number which could easily rise to 4,000 with comprehensive recording. Whilst many protists appear to be cosmopolitan as morphospecies, some of the larger testate species (exceeding have long been considered, controversially, to be geographically restricted. Definitive conclusions have often been confounded by gaps in distributional data and misidentification. Recent increases in recording from previously little known regions, and the rise of molecular taxonomy, have started to resolve outstanding still far from complete. Accordingly, biogeographical studies have concentrated on which can be identified with certainty and are sufficiently recorded to determine their ecological ranges. Apodera vas (Certes) has been proved to be largely restricted to the Gondwanaland continents and sub-Antarctic islands, but absent from the Holartic despite the availability of much suitable habitat. An early analysis postulated a Mesozoic origin of the species and a distribution influenced by continental drift. Recent molecular evidence could imply a later origin. Either way, its current distribution is clearly influenced by the pattern of global wind currents and lack of lowland tropical habitat. By contrast a group of species appears to be restricted to latitudes unaffected by glaciation. Instances of local endemism, such as restriction to a single island, are also known, which await molecular evidence for substantiation.''The construction of large reservoirs in South America and particularly in Brazil has intensified within the last 50 years. Built up primarily for hydroelectricity production, these artificial ecosystems now serve purposes such as: water storage for public use; fisheries and aquaculture; recreation; tourism, and irrigation. These artificial ecosystems were also built up with the purpose of enhancing the regional development. These activities produce multiple impacts among which are eutrophication, a serious problems with various ecological, economic, and social consequences. Basic studies on reservoirs have identified their main ecological characteristics and described some of their fundamental mechanisms of functioning. This information cover: factors involved in reservoir complexity, such as spatial scale, vertical and horizontal heterogeneity, temporal variation at several time scales and, in some cases, watershed/reservoir relationships, and the impact of non-point and point sources of nutrients. Numerous studies have been dedicated to describing aquatic biota, its relationship with environmental factors, and the impacts of degradation/pollution/ eutrophication on biodiversity. Research priorities have been established mainly by limnologists in response to needs identified by environmental impact assessment. Due to the pressure of multiple uses, population growth, and economic factors, aquatic scientists now face a number of questions being posed by managers and engineers. These questions relate to a wide range of practical problems, the solutions to which depend on accumulated data related to the structural complexities and function mechanisms previously referred to. These problems can be divided into three main groups: (i) eutrophication processes and their characteristics, and water quality control; (ii) impact of fisheries, aquaculture, and exotic species introduction on the biota and the water quality; (iii) sustainable development of reservoirs and optimization management of their multiple uses. Predictive capabilities required in the face of these problems should be based on modeling development and intensive use of data-bases resulting from long-term studies on reservoirs. The predictions thus made possible would involve economic factors and the costs of recovery of eutrophic reservoirs. The experience of reservoir research and management in South America and in Brazil is, probably part of a world wide tendency on reservoir research and development with the aim to optimize multiple uses. Based on the cooperation of limnologists and engineers, ecosystem management models must eventually be applied at the watershed / reservoir level, where demands on the part of managers and decision makers will certainly promote a predictive, integrated, and adaptive approach,based on fundamental research.''The Neotropics are among the least explored regions from a mycological perspective. A few recent molecular studies in South America have shown high fungal diversity as well as numerous groups of mostly undescribed taxa. Through soil metabarcoding analysis we compared richness and species composition among macrofungal communities, belonging to Agaricales, Russulales, Boletales and Phallomycetidae groups, in three elevational forests types in the subtropical Yungas of Northwestern Argentina (Piedmont forest; Montane forest, Montane cloud forest). The aims of this study were to assess richness of taxonomic and functional groups along the elevation gradient and to assess the relationships between environmental variables and species composition in the studied fungal communities. The results have shown rich Agaricomycetes communities, diversely structured among forests habitats. The elevation gradient differentially affected the richness and distribution of Agaricales, Russulales, Boletales and Phallomycetidae. Based on fungal trophic modes and guilds, the gradient also affected the ectomycorrhizal taxa distribution. When considering the basidiomata growth forms (agaricoid, boletoid, gasteroid, etc.), only the secotioid type showed significant elevational differences. Additional analyses indicated that saprotrophic nutritional mode was dominant along the entire gradient, being partially replaced by biotrophic modes at higher elevations. Fungal communities in the Montane cloud forests are most dissimilar when compared with communities at the Piedmont forest and Montane forest, which is consistent with the different biogeographic origins of these forests. DNA metabarcoding sequence analysis provided detailed information on the diversity and taxonomic and functional composition of macrofungal communities.''Cacao (Theobroma cacao L.) is a tropical rainforest tree that is indigenous to the Amazon region of South America. The myriad of river basins present in the Upper Amazon are where the largest diversity of cacao populations is found. Although it is generally accepted that cacao was first cultivated in Mesoamerica, there is evidence for domestication in South America, the center of origin. is a traditional cacao variety from northern Peru that is cultivated for the gourmet chocolate market. The demand for fine-flavored cacao used in high-end chocolates and the corresponding premium prices paid for distinct cacao flavors provide economic incentives for the use and conservation of these traditional varieties. In the present study, we compared the genetic identity of Piura Porcelana cacao with 11 known cacao germplasm groups existing in the ex situ cacao genebanks, along with the living wild populations from the Santiago and Morona river valleys in northern Peru. The results of SNP analysis showed that Piura Porcelana shares the same general population membership with the cacao from Ecuador. However, Piura Porcelana significantly differed from Nacional suggesting its unique genetic status. The high genetic similarity between Piura Porcelana and newly collected wild cacao suggested that the wild progenitors of Pirua Porcelana were from these river valleys, and this traditional variety could have been the result of independent domestication in northern Peru. These results provide new evidence of cacao domestication in the Amazon and will contribute to the sustainable use and conservation of these cacao genetic resources.''As the expansion of agroexports and biofuels continues unfolding in Latin America, the concepts of food sovereignty and agroecologically based production systems gain increasing attention. Miguel A. Altieri and Clara I. Nicholls suggest that the key importance will be the involvement of farmers directly in the formulation of the research agenda and on their active participation in the process of technological innovation and dissemination through models that focus on sharing experiences, strengthening local research and problem-solving capacities.'schizantha is a species endemic to Ecuador from which eight polymorphic microsatellite loci were isolated from an enriched genomic library. A total of 31 alleles with an average of four alleles per locus were detected across 29 individuals from a single natural population of P. schizantha. Observed heterozygosity ranged from 0.05 to 0.68. Most of the eight loci were successfully amplified in six Phaedranassa species. Five of those species are either or under IUCN criteria. These loci will be used to investigate patterns of inter- and intraspecific variation of Phaedranassa species, which will contribute data relevant to their conservation status.''Since the 1950s, noteworthy farmland abandonment has been occurring in many developed countries and some developing countries. This global land use phenomenon has fundamentally altered extensive rural landscapes. A review of global farmland abandonment under the headings of use and found the following: (1) Farmland abandonment has occurred primarily in developed countries in Europe and North America, but the extent of abandonment has varied significantly. (2) Changing socio-economic factors were the primary driving forces for the farmland abandonment. And land marginalization was the fundamental cause, which was due to the drastic increase of farming opportunity cost, while the direct factor for abandonment was the shrink of agricultural labor forces. (3) Whether to abandon, to what extent and its spatial distributions were finally dependent on integrated effect from the physical conditions, laborer attributes, farming and regional socio-economic conditions at the village, household and parcel scales. With the exception of Eastern Europe, farmland abandonment was more likely to occur in mountainous and hilly areas, due to their unfavorable farming conditions. (4) A study of farmland abandonment should focus on its ecological and environmental effects, while which is more positive or more negative are still in dispute. (5) Increasing agricultural subsidies will be conductive to slowing the rate of farmland abandonment, but this is not the only measure that needs to be implemented.Due to rapid urbanization, there is a high probability that the rate of abandonment will increase in the near future. However, very little research has focused on this rapid land-use trend in China, and, as a result, there is an inadequate understanding of the dynamic mechanisms and consequences of this phenomenon. This paper concludes by suggesting some future directions for further research in China. These directions include monitoring regional and national abandonment dynamics, analyzing trends, assessing the risks and socio-economic effects of farmland abandonment, and informing policy making.''We report the establishment of the first collection of beneficial symbiotic microorganisms (arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi) in the world, located in an integrally protected area of coastal sand dunes, within the UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in Tuscany, Italy. In this collection the genus Scutellospora, which has been reported to be threatened by anthropogenic disturbance, was a regular component of Ammophila arenaria and Helichrysum stoechas rhizospheres, and was represented by two species: Scutellospora fulgida and Scutellospora persica. Such species were morphologically identified and molecularly characterised by SSU and ITS sequence analyses. The establishment of an collection of Scutellospora species in a protected area, where anthropogenic impact is under control of national and international authorities, is important for the conservation of rare and endangered microorganisms, representing a precious resource for future generations.''This paper reports on the nesting ecology of blue-and-yellow macaws (Ara ararauna) and the structure, conservation, and management of the Mauritia flexuosa palm swamps where they nest: clutch size averaged 2.6 and the number of chicks fledged per nesting attempt was 0.5. Macaws nested in tall dead palms in healthy palm swamps and in palms of all heights in open dieing palm stands. All nesting palms rose well above the surrounding vegetation presumably to discourage terrestrial predators. PVC nest boxes failed to attract nesting blue-and-yellow macaws. A small section of palm swamp was managed to encourage macaw nesting by cutting the tops off of M. flexuosa palms and clearing the understory vegetation. The palms remained standing from 4 to and were occupied by nesting macaws at a rate of 24%. The data presented here suggest that cutting five palms a year in perpetuity would produce a stand of approximately 20 standing dead palms used by 6 or more pairs of macaws annually. However, macaw occupancy rates would depend on the density of macaws and density of naturally occurring nest sites. This management scheme could be conducted on a 100-year rotation in an area of or more depending on the palm density. Such a colony could be used to increase reproductive success of blue-and-yellow macaw populations, create a valuable ecotourism resource, and concentrate macaw nesting in protected areas.''There is an increasing concern over the loss of germplasm diversity in areas of crop domestication. Nevertheless in these areas many farmers continue to maintain a pool of varieties, many of them landraces, despite the fact that they have also incorporated improved varieties, and that some landraces have been eliminated. This paper provides a framework for analyzing the decision of a farmer to maintain, incorporate or discard a variety from his/her repertoire of varieties of one crop. It is based on an analysis of the roles that crop infraspecific diversity can play in a well-being, how these roles change, the limits to these changes, and some predictions and suggestions derived from this framework.''The New York Botanical Garden (NYBG), founded 125 years ago in 1891, established a publications program five years later, in 1896, with the launch of The Bulletin of The New York Botanical Garden. Since then, NYBG has published or co-published seven journal titles, 308 books in eight series, and at least 19 stand-alone books. Now, 120 years later, what today is known as NYBG Press has evolved to become one of the largest publishing programs of any independent botanical garden in the world. The Press continues to focus on advancements in knowledge about the classification, utilization, and conservation of plants and fungi through publication of general books, books in series, and quarterly journals, with the recent addition of more titles of general interest, such as field guides and botanical history works. This article reviews the growth and diversification of these publications over the years, and highlights selected, important contributions these books and journals have made to science and society. The article concludes with a brief discussion of plans for the growth and sustainability of NYBG Press as the source of The Best New Books inon Medicinal Plants in Public Markets across the Amazon: A Review. Vendors in markets and street fairs in tropical urban centers play an important role in structuring the exploitation and distribution of forest products, including many medicinal plant species. This literature review seeks to estimate and compare the species richness of medicinal plants in urban markets across northern South America, focusing on the Amazon region. Information was systematized from scientific articles and research papers emerging from work carried out in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, Guiana, Suriname, and French Guiana. Given the variation in botanical naming conventions, results were standardized using the APG III system. A total of 16 studies were reviewed, most of these coming from Brazil (5), Venezuela (3), Colombia (2), and Peru (2). Overall 844 species were identified, varying between 16 and 251 species per study, with a median of 91 The highest diversity of medicinal plant species was found in Suriname (251) and Venezuela (164). Among the 133 families identified, Fabaceae, Asteraceae, and Lamiaceae had the highest number of species overall. The most common plant parts encountered were leaves (324), followed by bark (162), whole plants (130), aerial parts (88), roots (80), fruit (76), and seeds (63). Ethnobotanical studies in urban centers are important for understanding the exploitation of botanical resources in different Amazonian ecosystems, highlighting the use of different species in regional pharmacopeias and pointing towards factors that could influence the conservation of medicinal plants.''The Andean-Amazon foothills region, shaped by Andean moist forests and Amazon forests in southwestern Colombia, Napo province in Ecuador, and Ucayali Province and Napo Basin in Peru, provides local and global ecosystem services as food, water, world climate regulation, water purification, and carbon absorption. However, it faces major problems of land-use change that are exacerbated by climate change that affects these ecosystem services. For instance, conventional agriculture contribute to deforestation, soil degradation, and biodiversity loss, which might be further aggravated by climate droughts, thus reducing staple crop production and, consequently, food security. Cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz), maize (Zea mays L.), and plantain (Musa paradisiaca L.) are major staple crops in the region. They play a key role for food security and local income but are highly exposed to climate risks. This article aims to quantify the level of exposure to climate change (measured as climatic suitability) of these crops in the Andean-Amazon foothills by using the EcoCrop model by the 2030s, 2050s, and 2080s under Representative Concentration Pathway 2.6, 4.5, and 8.5 scenarios. EcoCrop results showed that, whereas cassava will not lose climatic suitability, maize will lose more than half of its current suitable area, and plantain will gain and lose area, which would affect local food security. Globally, these results are important in highlighting adaptive and cost-effective strategies in agriculture and suggest that agricultural crop diversification may improve resilience by promoting the use of local crops varieties.''Although tropical rain forests represent the most species-rich terrestrial ecosystem on the planet, the three main rain forest regions (Neotropics, South-East Asia and continental Africa) are not equally diverse. Africa has been labeled the man because of its perceived lower species diversity when compared to the Neotropics or South-East Asia. Understanding why, within a biome, certain regions have higher or lower species diversity provides important insights into the evolution of biodiversity. I review the evidence in favor of an man pattern and the different hypotheses that have been advanced to explain and test this pattern using recent ecological, biogeographical and diversification studies. The man pattern has yet to be formally tested using extensive inventory plot data (including non woody species) between all three major rain forest regions based on appropriate statistics in an area controlled manner. The lower species diversity is not the result of a single cause, but is probably linked to numerous intricate causes related to present and past events. Future comparative studies should combine numerous variables including novel ones such at plant functional diversity. Finally, though more extinction in Africa is apparent from the fossil record, it is still hard to precisely quantify to what degree extinction varied between the three major regions. Diversification studies of important tropical plant lineages tend to support higher speciation rates in the Neotropics and South-East Asia instead of higher extinction in Africa as the main cause explaining the differences in species diversity. The lower species diversity of African rain forests remains an understudied question with numerous preconceived and largely untested ideas for which we are still far from having a synthetic explanation. This review highlights that there are still very little intercontinental rain forest comparisons of plant species diversity hindering any solid conclusions. To better address this, an integrative approach involving archeologists, climatologists and biologists coupled with data from all three regions should be privileged.''Samples of the fraction of net rainfall passing through the forest floor collected at monthly intervals in four pristine forests in Colombian Amazonia, during the period between were analysed for solute concentrations to estimate the element fluxes from the forest floor into the mineral soil and root nutrient uptake from these forest floors. Results were compared with inputs by throughfall, stemflow, litterfall and fine root decay. Element concentrations were tested for their relationship with litterflow amounts, rainfall intensity and length of the antecedent dry period and differences in element fluxes between ecosystems were assessed. Concentrations of elements in litterflow followed a similar pattern as those in throughfall, which indicates that element outputs from the forest floor are strongly related to those inputs in throughfall. In the forests studied, the average concentrations of elements as K, Mg, orthoP and the pH of the litterflow decreased relative to that in throughfall in most events, while the concentration of elements such as dissolved organic carbon, H, SO4 and Si increased in litterflow from these forests. Element concentrations in litterflow showed a poor correlation with variables such as litterflow amounts, rainfall intensity and antecedent dry period, except for K which showed a significant correlation (p>0.95) with analysed variables in all forests. Outputs were significantly different between forests (p>0.95); these fluxes, which particularly concerned cations, being the largest in the flood plain, while for anions outputs increased from the flood plain to the sedimentary plain. After adding the nutrient contributed by litter decomposition and fine root decay, the net outputs of main elements from the forest floors were still smaller than inputs by net precipitation indicating that the litter layers clearly acted as a sink for most nutrients. Accordingly, the element balances confirm that the forest floors acted as a sink for nutrients coming in by throughfall, stemflow, litterfall and fine root decomposition. P, Mg and N appeared to be the most limiting nutrients and the forests studied efficiently recycled these nutrients.''A new species of Geranium endemic to a small ha) area of the high Cumbres Argentina, is described. The species is unique within the genus in its highly condensed, plate-shaped growth form, its subterranean branching system, its thick, deep taproot, and its minute leaves with mostly lobes. The environment is cold mean annual temperature), but equable (low diurnal fluctuations). Soils are subject to intense moisture fluctuations and freeze-thaw cycles. The total population of the species is estimated at <10,000 individuals.''The legume plant family and its present role in agriculture are described. Critical agricultural problems in the immediate future may center about the maintenance of soil nitrogen supplies, a consequence of spiraling costs of fertilizers, and the need to improve the quantity and quality of protein in high-population countries. Unexploited legumes, if developed through research, may be of major importance in response to this challenge.''Understanding the factors contributing to the introduction and spread of invasive species is crucial to help develop management strategies to control and eradicate them in sensitive areas. Our goals were to investigate (1) the association between habitat suitability of fountain grass (Cenchrus setaceus), human footprint, and environmental variables; (2) the biogeographical distribution of habitat suitability of fountain grass, an aggressive invasive species that has altered native ecosystems across multiple continents; (3) what kind of habitats are most likely to be invaded by fountain grass; and (4) the potential impact of climate change on the range of fountain grass. We showed that areas with the highest suitability are in desertic and xeric areas of the Mediterranean, and dry tropical, and subtropical bioclimates. The global biogeographic pattern of the suitability of fountain grass generally increases from the equator toward subtropical areas and then decreases at the north and south portions of the globe. Areas with the highest suitability occur along broad ecotonal zones between deserts and Mediterranean regions. Models indicated human footprint and annual mean temperature most contributed to explaining the global suitability patterns of fountain grass. Climate change analysis showed a high potential contraction of the potential range of fountain grass in the Mediterranean and tropical areas of the southwest USA, northern Mexico, northeast Brazil, and South Africa. Results also indicated a potential moderate expansion of its range, mainly in tropical areas of the southwest USA and East Africa. Our results give support for the tenet that anthropogenic factors and climate dynamics might be a strong explanation of the spatial distribution of fountain grass over broad-extent areas. Managers and stakeholders may apply our results to identify high-priority areas that can be used to prevent future invasions into areas of high suitability.''This paper provides an overview of climatic changes that have been observed during the past century at certain high-elevation sites, and changes in a more distant past documented by a variety of climate-sensitive environmental indicators, such as tree-rings and alpine glaciers, that serve as a measure of the natural variability of climate in mountains over longer time scales. Detailed studies such as those found in this special issue of Climatic Change , as well as those noted in this review, for the mountain regions of the world, advance our understanding in a variety of ways. They are not only helpful to characterize present and past climatological features in the mountainous zones, but they also provide useful information to the climate modeling community. Because of the expected refinements in the physical parameterizations of climate models in coming years, and the probable increase in the spatial resolution of GCMs, the use of appropriate data from high elevation sites will become of increasing importance for model initialization, verification, and intercomparison purposes. The necessity of accurate projections of climate change is paramount to assessing the likely impacts of climate change on mountain biodiversity, hydrology and cryosphere, and on the numerous economic activities which take place in these regions.'Abstract not available'Using 94 data sets from across the globe, we explored patterns of mean community species richness, landscape species richness, mean similarity among communities and mosaic diversity. Climate affected community species richness primarily through productivity while other climatic factors were secondary. Climatic equability affected species richness only in temperate regions where richness was greatest at high levels of temperature variability and low levels of precipitation variability. Landscape species richness correlated positively with community species richness. A global gradient in mean similarity existed but was uncorrelated with community species richness. Mean similarity was least and mosaic diversity was greatest between 25 and latitude. The most diverse landscapes (low mean similarity) correlated with warm temperatures, high elevations, large areas and large seasonal temperature fluctuations. The most complex landscapes (high mosaic diversity) correlated with large areas, high productivity and warm winters. We compared diversity measures among continents and found only one significant difference: Australian landscapes have greater mosaic diversity than African landscapes. Based on our analyses we propose two hypotheses: (1) for plants, biotic interactions are more important in structuring landscapes in warmer climates and (2) longer isolated landscapes have more clearly differentiated ecological subunits.''The relationship between paleoclimates and the future climate, while not as simple as implied in the studies of Budyko and others, nevertheless provides sufficient constraints to broadly confirm the climate sensitivity range of theoretical models and perhaps eventually narrow the model-derived uncertainties. We use a new technique called to calculate the ratio of temperature response to forcing on a global mean scale for three key intervals of Earth history. By examining surface conditions reconstructed from geologic data for the Last Glacial Maximum, the middle Cretaceous and the early Eocene, we can estimate the equilibrium climate sensitivity to radiative forcing changes for different extreme climates. We find that the ratios for these three periods, within error bounds, all lie in the range obtained from general circulation models: K global warming for doubled atmospheric carbon dioxide. Paleocalibration thus provides a data-based confirmation of theoretically calculated climate sensitivity. However, when compared with paleodata on regional scales, the models show less agreeement with data. For example, our GCM simulation of the early Eocene fails to obtain the temperature contrasts between the Equator and the Poles (and between land and ocean areas) indicated by the data, even though it agrees with the temperature data in the global average. Similar results have been reported by others for the Cretaceous and for the Last Glacial Maximum.''With the continuing decline in the global extent of tropical forests, agriculture-dominated landscapes now cover approximately of the tropical biome. In this context, our ability to understand and influence biodiversity and carbon sequestration in the tropics depends in large part on our understanding of actively managed landscapes. Approximately two-third of deforested lands become pasture in the Neotropics, and therefore, significant changes in their structure represent a potentially important development in terms of carbon sequestration and biodiversity, especially as ecosystem service payment schemes such as REDD+ emerge. The spontaneous emergence of silvo-pastoral landscapes, or pastures with trees, in formerly treeless pastures in the southern Ecuadorian Amazon represents just this kind of potentially significant shift in the structure of landscapes. In this paper, we try to explain this change in pastoral landscapes. Field surveys indicate variable densities of trees in pastures, with stem densities ranging from 30 to 400 per hectare. Analyses of interviews with the heads of small cattle ranching enterprises suggest that cattle ranchers pursue an intentional management strategy of allowing trees to regrow in working pastures to an extent that is ecologically significant. These findings confirm that even cattle ranches, albeit small in scale, can simultaneously produce food and provide important ecosystem services like carbon sequestration.'Abstract not available'The Central Valley of Chile is largely occupied by a pseudo-savanna called consisting of a single dominant tree species, Acacia caven (Mol.) Mol. (Leguminosae), and some 215 annuals, most of which were inadvertently introduced from the Mediterranean Basin. The probable origin and current distribution of the (Acacia caven) and the espinales in Chile are described. Predominant production systems of the espinal in both the semiarid and subhumid regions of Chile are outlined, with emphasis on the later region. Causes of the current low levels of productivity are discussed, and various strategies for long-term improvement of the espinal are presented.'Abstract not available'The study site is located in the southern part of the Iturralde Province, Department of La Paz, in western Bolivia. This area is generally characterized by mixed vegetation types from the tropical mountain forests as well as lowland forests and savannas. It lies in an altitudinal range of m, with an average temperature of and a rainfall of mm per year. The richness in palms of this region is the highest reported for Bolivia; it comprises 19 genera, 70% of all genera known in Bolivia and 29 palm species (34%). Three main phytogeographic elements are mixed and integrated in the area; palms from the Andean, Amazonian, and Central Brazilian (Cerrado) units are found in approximately 4.5 ha. Nearly 66% of these palm species are concentrated in the mountain forests between m, reaching the highest altitudinal limit in this area, of which the most common species is Iriartea deltoidea. Approximately 55% of the palm species are used by local people the original ethnic group, the Tacanas, and in order to get materials for construction, different qualities of thatching, fruit for food and beverages, fibres for artesanal products, medicines and handicrafts.'Abstract not available'Central America has high biodiversity, it harbors high-value ecosystems and important to provide regional climate change information to assist in adaptation and mitigation work in the region. Here we study climate change projections for Central America and Mexico using a regional climate model. The model evaluation shows its success in simulating spatial and temporal variability of temperature and precipitation and also in capturing regional climate features such as the bimodal annual cycle of precipitation and the Caribbean low-level jet. A variety of climate regimes within the model domain are also better identified in the regional model simulation due to improved resolution of topographic features. Although, the model suffers from large precipitation biases, it shows improvements over the coarse-resolution driving model in simulating precipitation amounts. The model shows a dry bias in the wet season and a wet bias in the dry season suggesting that unable to capture the full range of precipitation variability. Projected warming under the A2 scenario is higher in the wet season than that in the dry season with the Yucatan Peninsula experiencing highest warming. A large reduction in precipitation in the wet season is projected for the region, whereas parts of Central America that receive a considerable amount of moisture in the form of orographic precipitation show significant decreases in precipitation in the dry season. Projected climatic changes can have detrimental impacts on biodiversity as they are spatially similar, but far greater in magnitude, than those observed during the El events in recent decades that adversely affected species in the region.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available"Studies of interspecific competition and niche separation have formed some of the seminal works of ecology. I conducted an 18-mo study comparing the feeding ecologies of 2 sympatric, closely-related ripe-fruit specialists, Humboldt's woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha poeppigii), and the white-bellied spider monkeys (Ateles belzebuth belzebuth) in Amazonian Ecuador. Woolly monkeys in the terra firme forest live at roughly triple the density of spider monkeys (31 versus 11.5 animals/km2). Woolly monkeys spend 17% of their time foraging, while spider monkeys spend only 1% of their time foraging. Spider monkeys alone fed on soil and termitaria, which are rich in phosphorus. Woolly monkeys are not hard-fruit specialists. Their fruit diet is significantly more diverse than that of spider monkeys. Dietary overlap between the 2 species is high, yet each specializes to some degree on a different set of fruit resources. Woolly monkeys visit more food sources per unit of time, feed lower in the canopy, visit more small food patches, and prey on more seeds. Spider monkeys feed on fewer, richer food sources and are more than twice as likely to return to a particular fruit source than woolly monkeys are. Spider monkeys maximize fruit pulp intake, carrying more intact seeds in their guts, while woolly monkeys minimize seed bulk swallowed through more careful food processing. Surprisingly, several preferred spider monkey foods with high fat content and large seeds are avoided by woolly monkeys. I outline the different ecological dimensions involved in niche separation between the 2 species and discuss the possible impetus for their evolutionary divergence."'Primates are among the most observable and best studied mammalian orders, yet the distribution of sampling effort by primatologists has inevitably concentrated on a few genera and a limited number of study sites. We present the first systematic review of sampling effort and associated biases in wild primate field research, focusing on dietary studies across the Neotropics. Our literature review of all 24 neotropical primate ecospecies spans 42 years and covers 290 dietary studies at 164 study sites across 17 countries. We use a standardized measure of sampling effort to assimilate data sets derived from multiple methodologies and attempt to understand the distribution of effort (total equivalent to 193,804 h) using geographic variables and primate species traits. Results indicate that there are both geographic and taxonomic biases, with sampling effort generally skewed towards large-bodied species occupying large geographic ranges, and concentrated at a select few primatology research hubs. We also note that full primate assemblages at any given study site are rarely investigated. Our assessment thus reveals severely undersampled primate taxa and geographic regions that must be considered in future research. Current biases could be ameliorated by deliberately targeting poorly studied genera anywhere in their geographic distribution, well-studied genera in poorly studied regions, and striving to study multiple sympatric taxa within a single site. Although continued inequalities in sampling effort are probably inevitable, this study shows that this need not inhibit successful compilations and meta-analyses, provided that adequate data on feeding records and sampling effort can be made available.'' We present a broad comparative assessment of nested subsets in species composition among ecological communities. We assembled presence-absence data from a broad range of taxa, geographic regions, and spatial scales; and subjected this collection of datasets to common analyses, including a variety of metrics for measuring nestedness and null hypotheses against which to evaluate them. Here we identify ecological patterns in the prevalence and strength of nested subset structure, and assess differences and biases among the available methodologies. In all, we compiled 279 presence-absence matrices, of which 163 do not overlap in their coverage of species and sites. The survey includes studies on vertebrates, arthropods, mollusks, plants, and other taxa; from north temperate, tropical, and south temperate latitudes. Our results were as follows. Statistically significant nestedness was common. Assemblages from landbridge archipelagos were strongly nested, and immigration experiments were least nested. This adds further empirical support to the hypothesis that extinction plays a major role in producing nested structure. Nestedness was positively correlated with the ratio of the areas of the largest and smallest sites, suggesting that the range in area of sites affects nestedness. Taxonomic differences in nestedness were weak. Higher taxonomic levels showed stronger nesting than their constituent lower taxa. We observed no effect of distance of isolation on nestedness; nor any effects of latitude. With regard to methodology, the metrics Nc and Ut yielded similar results, although Nc proved slightly more flexible in use, and deals differently with tied sites. Similarities also exist in the behavior of N0 and Up, and between N1 and Ua. Standardized nestedness metrics were mostly insensitive to matrix size, and were useful in comparative analyses among presence-absence matrices. Most metrics were affected by the proportion of presences in the matrix. All analyses of nestedness, therefore, should test for bias due to matrix fill. We suggest that the factors controlling nested subset structure can be thought of as four filters that species pass to occur at a site: a sampling filter, a distance filter, a habitat filter, and an area filter and three constraints on community homogeneity: evolutionary history, recent history, and spatial variation in the environment. The scale of examination can also have important effects on the degree of nestedness observed.''The role of ecotones in the maintenance of species diversity is rather controversial; they may represent either biodiversity hotspots with unique and rare forms, or be transitional areas that hold marginal populations of species. We analyse the taxonomic and functional composition of ant species assemblages across the Subantarctic-Patagonian transition to evaluate the role that transitional shrublands may play in the maintenance of the taxonomic and functional differentiation. We collected ants using 450 pitfall traps within a area. Species were classified into functional groups in relation to stress and disturbance, and in foraging groups according to their foraging behavior. An indicator value for each species in each habitat was calculated. The steppes and the forests strongly differed in ant species and functional composition. Climatic effects combined with structural components of plant environment explained about of the variation in ant composition. The shrublands did not show a distinctive fauna, and show greater similarity in ant species composition and in the proportional occupancy of functional groups to the steppes than to the forests. They harbor neither rare nor indicator species, except for Lasiophanes valdiviensis, and thus this reinforces the idea that they are not a habitat source of species, but an area of encounter between two distinct forest- and steppe- ant faunas, where a high number of local distributional limits of ant species overlap.''BackgroundThe origin of turtles and crocodiles and their easily recognized body forms dates to the Triassic and Jurassic. Despite their long-term success, extant species diversity is low, and endangerment is extremely high compared to other terrestrial vertebrate groups, with of crocodilian turtle species now threatened by exploitation and habitat loss. Here, we combine available molecular and morphological evidence with statistical and machine learning algorithms to present a phylogenetically informed, comprehensive assessment of diversification, threat status, and evolutionary distinctiveness of all extant species.ResultsIn contrast to other terrestrial vertebrates and their own diversity in the fossil record, the recent extant lineages of turtles and crocodilians have not experienced any global mass extinctions or lineage-wide shifts in diversification rate or body-size evolution over time. We predict threat statuses for 114 as-yet unassessed or data-deficient species and identify a concentration of threatened turtles and crocodilians in South and Southeast Asia, western Africa, and the eastern Amazon. We find that unlike other terrestrial vertebrate groups, extinction risk increases with evolutionary distinctiveness: a disproportionate amount of phylogenetic diversity is concentrated in evolutionarily isolated, at-risk taxa, particularly those with small geographic ranges. Our findings highlight the important role of geographic determinants of extinction risk, particularly those resulting from anthropogenic habitat-disturbance, which affect species across body sizes and ecologies.ConclusionsExtant turtles and crocodilians maintain unique, conserved morphologies which make them globally recognizable. Many species are threatened due to exploitation and global change. We use taxonomically complete, dated molecular phylogenies and various approaches to produce a comprehensive assessment of threat status and evolutionary distinctiveness of both groups. Neither group exhibits significant overall shifts in diversification rate or body-size evolution, or any signature of global mass extinctions in recent, extant lineages. However, the most evolutionarily distinct species tend to be the most threatened, and species richness and extinction risk are centered in areas of high anthropogenic disturbance, particularly South and Southeast Asia. Range size is the strongest predictor of threat, and a disproportionate amount of evolutionary diversity is at risk of imminent extinction.''During the 1980s, when a flexibleapproach to research, known asfarmer-back-to-farmer, was developed, theInternational Potato Center (CIP) became famousfor participatory research. Subsequently itappeared to have lost leadership in this field.This article documents participatory researchactivities in CIP over the past thirty years tofind out what happened. Even in the 1980s,implementation of participatory research wasactually limited. Participatory research in thecenter grew unevenly, with little clearencouragement from the CGIAR. Decentralizationof social scientists in the 1990s led to thefragmentation of participatory research and, inthe absence of any clear champion, it seemedthat it might wither away. Recently, increasinginterest in IPM, donor support, and therecruitment of international staff who havebeen exposed to other currents of participatoryresearch and training has led to a revival ofinterest. This needs to be carefully nurturedto ensure that the flexibility for whichparticipatory research in CIP earlier gainedworld renown is retained.''This article presents participatory mapping (PM) and Participatory Geographical Information Systems (PGIS) approaches as an appropriate and still developing kind of community-based spatial study in archaeology. Researchers and practitioners who advocate reflexive mapping practices in the field recognize that mapping is not an objective practice and that maps are necessarily the product of those who create them. We consider that a PM/PGIS approach can contribute to this reflexive practice through the incorporation of local spatial knowledge (LSK) which is always place-based and reflects a long and close physical interaction with the landscape. For local communities, this approach helps them to be incorporated as active subjects in the registration and interpretation of their cultural heritage, as well as in the defense and management of it. At the same time, archaeological studies are enriched by incorporating contemporary perspectives and local knowledge into interpretations of past landscapes.''Soils hold the largest pool of organic carbon (C) on Earth; yet, soil organic carbon (SOC) reservoirs are not well represented in climate change mitigation strategies because our database for ecosystems where human impacts are minimal is still fragmentary. Here, we provide a tool for generating a global baseline of SOC stocks. We used partial least square (PLS) regression and available geographic datasets that describe organisms, relief, parent material and time. The accuracy of the model was determined by the root mean square deviation (RMSD) of predicted SOC against 100 independent measurements. The best predictors were related productivity, climate, topography, biome classification, and soil type. The largest C stocks for the top 1 found in boreal forests 14.3 t and t Deserts had the lowest C stocks statistically similar C stocks were found for temperate and Mediterranean forests (142 - 221 t tropical and subtropical forests (94 - 143 t and grasslands (99-104 t Solar radiation, evapotranspiration, and annual mean temperature were negatively correlated with SOC, whereas soil water content was positively correlated with SOC. Our model explained 49% of SOC variability, (0.68) representing approximately 14% of observed C stock variance, overestimating extremely low and underestimating extremely high stocks, respectively. Our baseline PLS predictions of SOC stocks can be used for estimating the maximum amount of C that may be sequestered in biomes.'"The Indians of Aguarico and Rivers in Ecuador in 1990 began a turtle recuperation effort by raising turtle hatchlings (Podocnemis expansa and P. unifilis) in small pools. To evaluate the effectiveness of this program, the developed and tested three methods to document changes in the populations of turtles. The first method consisted of interviews with people from neighbouring communities about their perceptions of changes in turtle abundance. The second method was a direct count of turtles observed along the rivers from canoe. The third method was an indirect count, involving turtle nest censusing along community beaches. Two of the methods yielded numerical, statistically positive turtle population trends. The turtle program has influenced the community's perception of turtle conservation issues so that, instead of hunting the adults and eggs, they now protect them. The training in record-keeping permits them to make a transparent history of the equitability of access to the turtle egg resource. The monitoring experience strengthened their successful petition to the Ecuadorian government for the rights to manage their territorial lands within the Cuyabeno Wildlife Reserve, and to receive protected area status and management rights to other ancestral lands. The experience gained by the monitors is now serving as a model for the design and implementation of the park monitoring system of the newly-established Park Ranger Corps, which will be patrolling three Ecuadorian Ecological Reserves which overlap inhabited areas."'Peruvian yellow-tailed woolly monkeys (Oreonax flavicauda) are considered Critically Endangered (IUCN Categories A4c). The International Primatological Society also considers them one of the 25 most endangered primate species and therefore a conservation priority. However, there is little concerted conservation action, and the existing protected area network may be inadequate to protect this species from extinction. Until recently this species has been the focus of few studies and its distributional limits remain unknown. I present results of a range-wide survey of Oreonax flavicauda in northeastern Peru. I conducted 53 presence/absence field surveys at 43 sites between March 2007 and March 2010, with data collected for an additional 7 sites from other researchers. I chose sites where the species was previously reported or following suggestions from predictive GIS modeling. Oreonax flavicauda was present at 35 sites, all presence records were in Ficus cloud forests between 1500 and above sea level. I give the geographical limits of this species distribution throughout the north, east, and west of its range; the exact extent of its range to the south requires further investigation. Oreonax flavicauda continues to be threatened throughout its range. The major threats I identified at the survey locations were the continued conversion of forests to cattle pasture, opening of new access routes into virgin areas, and both commercial and subsistence hunting. My results suggest that existing conservation measures may be inadequate at protecting this species but that substantial opportunities do exist. Further surveys need to be made in the southern distribution of this species to determine more accurately extant habitat.''Conifers (the fast-growing of the world) occur as the dominant plants of most temperate rainforest communities. Almost all are tall forest trees, whose high commercial value creates conservation vulnerability for many local species in our increasingly resource-hungry world. Counting species, of an estimated 600 world total 362 would fall into this category and consequently appear on this list. This paper provides a preliminary analytical world census list of 416 conifer taxa (species, subspecies and varieties) considered to be of conservation concern.''Maize has for many decades been both one of the most important crops worldwide and one of the primary genetic model organisms. More recently, maize breeding has been impacted by rapid technological advances in sequencing and genotyping technology, transformation including genome editing, doubled haploid technology, parallelled by progress in data sciences and the development of novel breeding approaches utilizing genomic information. Herein, we report on past, current and future developments relevant for maize breeding with regard to (1) genome analysis, (2) germplasm diversity characterization and utilization, (3) manipulation of genetic diversity by transformation and genome editing, (4) inbred line development and hybrid seed production, (5) understanding and prediction of hybrid performance, (6) breeding methodology and (7) synthesis of opportunities and challenges for future maize breeding.''The seed dispersal mechanisms of Salvia species are reviewed, with particular attention to quantitative or experimental evidence of dispersal. Despite having rather uniform fruit morphology, Salvia has several dispersal mechanisms: dispersal of mericarps by water (hydrochory), wind (anemochory), animals (zoochory) or gravity (barochory). Cases of myrmecochory are highlighted, along with dispersal by the plant itself via springy or hygroscopic pedicels. Despite having no visible means of dispersal, many Salvia species disperse for short to medium distances. Many gaps in our knowledge of dispersal exist, despite the fact that knowledge of dispersal mechanisms is critical in evaluating invasive potential, conservation status, usefulness in habitat restoration, and geographic distribution.''This paper reviews recent progress toward understanding the dynamics of the middle atmosphere in the framework of the Atmospheric Dynamics Research InfraStructure in Europe (ARISE) initiative. The middle atmosphere, integrating the stratosphere and mesosphere, is a crucial region which influences tropospheric weather and climate. Enhancing the understanding of middle atmosphere dynamics requires improved measurement of the propagation and breaking of planetary and gravity waves originating in the lowest levels of the atmosphere. Inter-comparison studies have shown large discrepancies between observations and models, especially during unresolved disturbances such as sudden stratospheric warmings for which model accuracy is poorer due to a lack of observational constraints. Correctly predicting the variability of the middle atmosphere can lead to improvements in tropospheric weather forecasts on timescales of weeks to season. The ARISE project integrates different station networks providing observations from ground to the lower thermosphere, including the infrasound system developed for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty verification, the Lidar Network for the Detection of Atmospheric Composition Change, complementary meteor radars, wind radiometers, ionospheric sounders and satellites. This paper presents several examples which show how multi-instrument observations can provide a better description of the vertical dynamics structure of the middle atmosphere, especially during large disturbances such as gravity waves activity and stratospheric warming events. The paper then demonstrates the interest of ARISE data in data assimilation for weather forecasting and re-analyzes the determination of dynamics evolution with climate change and the monitoring of atmospheric extreme events which have an atmospheric signature, such as thunderstorms or volcanic eruptions.''Rarity is an important aspect of biodiversity often neglected in ecological studies. Species abundance distributions (SADs) are useful tools to describe patterns of in ecological communities. Most studies assume field observations of species relative abundances are approximately equal to their true relative abundances, thus dismissing the potential for, and importance of unseen rare species. Here, we adopted the approach proposed by Chao et al. (Ecol, 2015) to estimate the number and abundance of unseen species, and thus the true SADs, for tree species in 48 forest sites in Minas Gerais state, Brazil (4 rainforests, 35 semideciduous forests, and 9 deciduous forests). Also, we assessed the correlations between both unseen and rare species and sampling protocol and environment characteristics (climate, terrain, terrain heterogeneity). We found estimated true SADs invariably had higher species richness values than observed in the surveys, due to the increase in rare species. We estimate that up to 55.6% of tree species per site were unseen with an average of 26.6%. The estimated percentage of rare species per site was between 31.9% and 72.8%, with an average of 57.78%. We found rarity to be most strongly correlated with the percentage of unidentified trees, local terrain conditions and heterogeneity at site-level. Semideciduous forest and rainforest had similar of unseen species (c. 27.2%) when compared to deciduous forests, probably due to the relatively higher local heterogeneity of these forests, which may provide more niches for rare species. Future studies should consider estimating true species abundances to better assess biodiversity.''The development pathway for tropical livestock production for many years in the twentieth century was to upgrade or replace indigenous stock with exotics of supposedly higher genetic merit. Early indications that this might not be the most appropriate approach were largely ignored. Later there was a reverse movement towards locally developed species and breeds. These were seen as pools of irreplaceable genetic material of unacknowledged merit and value that must not be lost but must be conserved for possible unknown unseen future use. This paper examines the use of various native species and breeds. It goes on to describe some attempts at the introduction of genetically engineered highly productive (at least in their areas of origin) stock. Examples of attempts to produce cross or synthetic breeds are then provided. In a last section the case for the right animal in the right place - and these may be unconventional species and breeds - is provided.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'As reforestation and restoration processes gain momentum across the world native tree species are being established for production, conservation and restoration purposes in agricultural landscapes. One such tree with promise is dinde [Maclura tinctoria (L.) D. Don ex Steud]; a multi-purpose, Neotropical tree species that is being widely introduced on to farms of the coffee axis region in the Latin American Andes. No formal studies have been made that examine its potential for reforestation. In this study we aim to measure and define the relationships between age, bole size (dbh), tree height, and crown size of planted dinde trees for the development of spacing guidelines at time of planting and for thinning. We also sought to identify whether tree growth is influenced by various measures of soil fertility. We studied these relationships on dinde trees planted at twelve farms in the central Andean foothills of Colombia. Our results are the first to show dinde has comparable growth to other native and exotic trees used for reforestation in Latin America. Strong relationships exist for tree age and diameter at breast height (DBH) with crown size and height. Based on these relationships we developed spacing and thinning guidelines for timber production in plantation and silvo-pastoral circumstances. Soils were generally fertile but varied between farms. Growth varied with soil primarily related to pH and calcium, and secondly to soil nitrogen and organic matter. Our results provide preliminary information for the forester and/or the farmer on expected growth and size relationships for given ages in relation to soil fertility for planted trees. As more trees are planted on a wider array of soils and providing a greater diversity of ages further studies are necessary for refining guidelines.''We present ecological and ethnobotanical descriptions of two permanent 1-ha plots located in Amazonian forest near two Tacana communities situated north and west of the Madidi National Park in the Iturralde Province, Department of La Paz of northwestern Bolivia. We interviewed 13 Tacana men and women to identify and enumerate uses of all of the trees, palms, and lianas 10 cm dbh in these plots. Of the 185 species found in both plots, 115 species are used by the Tacana: 59 species for construction, 9 as sources of fiber, 33 for technology and crafts, 66 as firewood, 32 for food or water, 40 for medicine, 8 for hunting or fishing, 9 for commercial purposes, and 11 for miscellaneous uses. Sixty-four percent of useful species had multiple uses. This utilization of the forest corresponds with that of other Amazonian indigenous groups and shows a high reliance on the forest for vegetative materials, especially medicine, technology and crafts, and construction.'Abstract not available'We tested the effects of temperature, humidity and geographical constraints upon butterfly species richness along an elevational gradient covering an altitude ranging from 117 to above sea level (m. a.s.l.), in Southern Mexico. Ten transect sites were sampled 219 times from May 2010 to May 2011, along the elevational gradient to estimate range and population abundance of butterfly species. The effects of temperature, humidity and geometric constraints (mid-domain effects) on species richness along the study gradient were assessed using ordinary least squares regression. A total of 7,005 specimens representing 193 species were recorded. Species richness was relatively higher at elevations between 117 and a.s.l. with an observed decline in richness values as elevation increased. Butterfly species richness along the study environmental gradient was predominantly determined by climatic constraints, rather than geometric mid-domain model fit well only for large-ranged Pieridae species. Temperature and humidity explained the variation species richness for the entire butterfly community and for the three families evaluated; however the effect of predictor variables varied according to the measure of species richness and taxonomic family. This discrepancy in the response of butterfly richness to temperature, humidity and geometric constraints emphasizes the need to evaluate the response of different taxa to elevational gradients, to establish general patterns that help us to prioritize conservation measures that reduce population declines and local extinctions predicted by climate change in highly diverse tropical mountain ecosystems.''We analyze the relationship between palm species diversity and diversity of palm use in two areas (Amazonian Ecuador; Yucatan Peninsula) of equivalent size but with contrasting characteristics in palm species diversity and morphology, and in the phylogenetic composition of palm flora. The areas also differ in their cultural and socioeconomic contexts. Palm use diversity is significantly higher in the Ecuadorian Amazon than in the Yucatan Peninsula and the lower species diversity of palms in the Yucatan Peninsula is not matched by a more intensive use of the fewer species found there. The taxonomic composition of the palm flora is a poor predictor of extent of use and morphological characteristics of palm species affect usefulness only in the Ecuadorian Amazon. The more limited reliance on forest products might explain the observed patterns. Ornamental palm use is an indicator of a general change in plant use patterns associated with tourism and macro-economic development in the Yucatan Peninsula. We find a positive relationship between ecosystem plant diversity and plant use diversity, but socioeconomic factors such as market integration strongly influence the use of local biodiversity. Palms represent a diverse and important natural resource that deserves further investigation to secure its sustainable management and conservation in the two studied sites, regardless of their degree of market integration.'trade-offs between providing sufficient food for a growing human population in the future and sustaining ecosystems and their services are driven by various biophysical and socio-economic parameters at different scales. In this study, we investigate these trade-offs by using a three-step interdisciplinary approach. We examine (1) how the expected global cropland expansion might affect food security in terms of agricultural production and prices, (2) where natural conditions are suitable for cropland expansion under changing climate conditions, and (3) whether this potential conversion to cropland would affect areas of high biodiversity value or conservation importance. Our results show that on the one hand, allowing the expansion of cropland generally results in an improved food security not only in regions where crop production rises, but also in net importing countries such as India and China. On the other hand, the estimated cropland expansion could take place in many highly biodiverse regions, pointing out the need for spatially detailed and context-specific assessments to understand the possible outcomes of different food security strategies. Our multidisciplinary approach is relevant with respect to the Sustainable Development Goals for implementing and enforcing sustainable pathways for increasing agricultural production, and ensuring food security while conserving biodiversity and ecosystem services.''Institutional and policy issues are now recognized as high priority items in agroforestry research. However, such studies based on actual field experiences seldom seem to have been undertaken. To help address this deficiency, a study was undertaken in Ecuador to evaluate institutional and policy impacts on agroforestry dissemination using two field projects as case studies.The projects were in contrasting ecological locations: the Amazonian lowlands (the Coca Agroforestry Project), and the Andean highlands (the PROMUSTA project). The impact of policy and institutional constraints (such as land tenure, research and extension support, marketing and pricing, and credit) on the implementation of these projects was assessed based on interviews with farmers and project officials as well as analyses of secondary data. The Coca project was found to be adversely impacted by the lack of extension, product marketing, and credit availability. The principal institutional constraints for the Andean project included legal obstacles to farm-land procurement, inadequate extension, little state-financial assistance, and limited affordable credit. The relevance of these issues was location specific: while access to land was not a serious constraint in the lowlands, it was a major issue in the highlands.The study validates the premise that policy and institutional evaluations should become an essential component of design and implementation of agroforestry projects. Although the components of a sound policy framework might be similar in most developing-country situations, it may not be possible to evolve universally applicable procedures for agroforestry-policy formulation because of the location-specificity of the promoted systems and the institutional issue related to their adoption.''This paper develops and applies two concepts which are fundamental to landscape ecology. These concepts concern biocybernetics, which is the theory of regulation of biological and ecological systems, and thermodynamics, especially the flux of energy and the production of entropy. The landscape state factors, including site conditions and fluxes of energy, materials, and organisms, are shaped by the biocybernetic and thermodynamic processes. This theory provides us a way of understanding and discussing complex human interactions with landscape systems, expressing our concept of the whole landscape system (what I have termed the Total Human Ecosystem), and linking landscape ecology with several of the most powerfully creative ideas in modern science.''ContextPrimates are an important component of biodiversity in tropical regions. However, many studies on the effects of habitat change on primates ignore the relative influence of landscape composition and configuration.ObjectivesThis study addresses the question: how important are landscape-scale forest area and composition relative to patch-scale and site-scale (transect of habitat variables for the occupancy and abundance of four primate species in the Colombian Llanos.MethodsUsing a randomly stratified survey design, 81 fragments were surveyed for primate occupancy and abundance. We used zero-inflated models to test the relative influence of landscape-scale, patch-scale and site-scale variables on occupancy and abundance for each species. A 95% confidence set of models was constructed using the cumulative Akaike weight for each model and the relative importance of each set of variables calculated for each primate species.ResultsOccupancy was determined by a combination of site-scale, patch-scale and landscape-scale variables but this varied substantially among the primate species.ConclusionOur study highlights the importance of managing primates at a range of scales that considers the relative importance of site-, patch- and landscape-scale variables.''Addictive that are derived from plants range from reputable stimulants (e.g., coffee and tea) to stigmatized and dangerous preparations (e.g., ephedrine and cocaine). Both legal and illicit global trade has increased the geographic distribution of plants from which the principal social drugs are obtained. In turn, this range expansion increased opportunities to transfer genes controlling production of high levels of secondary chemicals because of increases in overlapping geographic distributions with sexually compatible domesticated, wild, and weedy relatives. We review the literature for evidence that the introduction of these chemicals into ecosystems could occur through gene flow in ten common, addictive, social drug crops: coca, coffee, cola, ephedra, khat, marijuana, opium poppy, tea, tobacco and yerbe From the published literature of the potential evolutionary and environmental consequences of gene flow from popular social drug crops, we also analyse the subsequent unintended ecological or evolutionary consequences, such as increased weediness, loss of genetic diversity in sexually compatible wild relatives, or health and fitness consequences for herbivores of these crops. Given the rapid industrialization of many of these crops, we identify knowledge gaps and call for renewed attention to the study of their ecology and evolution.''Chile is topographically and climatically diverse, with a wide array of diverse undisturbed ecosystems that include native plants that are highly adapted to local conditions. However, our understanding of the diversity, activity, and role of rhizobacteria associated with natural vegetation in undisturbed Chilean extreme ecosystems is very poor. In the present study, the combination of denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis and 454-pyrosequencing approaches was used to describe the rhizobacterial community structures of native plants grown in three representative Chilean extreme environments: Atacama Desert (ATA), Andes Mountains (AND), and Antarctic (ANT). Both molecular approaches revealed the presence of Proteobacteria, Bacteroidetes, and Actinobacteria as the dominant phyla in the rhizospheres of native plants. Lower numbers of operational taxonomic units (OTUs) were observed in rhizosphere soils from ATA compared with AND and ANT. Both approaches also showed differences in rhizobacterial community structures between extreme environments and between plant species. The differences among plant species grown in the same environment were attributed to the higher relative abundance of classes Gammaproteobacteria and Alphaproteobacteria. However, further studies are needed to determine which environmental factors regulate the structures of rhizobacterial communities, and how (or if) specific bacterial groups may contribute to the growth and survival of native plants in each Chilean extreme environments.'Abstract not available'Hummingbirds are the most specialised nectarivorous birds and show close ecological relationships to their food plants. Their small body size, bright colors, and unique behaviour have fascinated generations of naturalists. In this review, we investigate the morphological and behavioural adaptations of hummingbirds to feed on nectar and arthropods, and explore their diffuse co-evolution with their food plant species. Further, a list of plant genera including species mainly pollinated by hummingbirds is presented. Summarising the existing knowledge on hummingbird feeding ecology, we find that much of the variability in morphology and behaviour of hummingbirds is determined by their unique feeding mode and the constraints set by their food plants. Based on the existing literature, we developed a hierarchical system explaining how different environmental factors have shaped the current richness of hummingbirds, and their morphological and behavioural diversity. We propose that climatic stability within and between seasons and days determines the constancy of food availability, which in turn is the most important factor for species richness in hummingbird assemblages. However, the assemblage composition of hummingbirds is also influenced by phylogenetic factors, especially under harsh environmental conditions. Unsurprisingly, the highest morphological and behavioural diversity is observed in the most species-rich assemblages. This diversity may have at least partly evolved to reduce inter- and intraspecific competition. Independently of which morphological character we consider, the 360 different hummingbird species have evolved a large morphological variability to adapt to their individual feeding niches.''The objective of this study was to explore the altitudinal decrease in local richness of stream macroinvertebrates. I compared the explicatory power of a mid-domain effect (MDE) null model and a number of selected contemporary ecological variables, with a special emphasis on the altitude-mediated decrease in temperature and oxygen availability as possible driving factors for the observed pattern. Benthic macroinvertebrates were sampled at 30 stream sites between 2,600 and in northern Ecuador. All four measures of local richness (total number of taxa, taxa in Surber samples, index and rarefied richness) decreased with increasing altitude. The MDE null model, water temperature and dissolved oxygen also decreased with altitude, while other measured variables were uncorrelated with altitude. Minimum oxygen saturation had the highest explanatory power of the density-corrected and rarefied richness and 0.52, respectively), but also minimum temperature and 0.41) and the MDE null model and 0.46) correlated significantly. Multiple regression analyses using several predictive variables showed that oxygen saturation had the greatest and only significant effect on density-corrected richness. The relationship between richness and oxygen corrected for the effect of altitude (using analyses of double residuals) was significant, whereas that of richness versus temperature was not. The results indicate that the decrease in richness with increasing altitude is mainly caused by a decrease in oxygen saturation rather than by a decrease in temperature. Levels of oxygen saturation such as those found at high altitudes do not appear to be lethal to any species, but could affect macroinvertebrates through long-term, sub-lethal effects. I suggest that low oxygen availability may limit biodiversity at high altitudes not only in the aquatic, but also in the terrestrial environment.''The highland region or Northwestern Argentina (NWA) is one of the southernmost areas of native maize cultivation and constitutes an expansion of the peruvian Andes sphere of influence. To examine the genetic diversity and racial affiliations of the landraces cultivated in this area, 18 microsatellite markers were used to characterize 147 individuals from 6 maize races representative of traditional materials. For the whole data set, a total of 184 alleles were found, with an average of 10.2 alleles per locus. The average gene diversity was 0.571. The observed patterns of genetic differentiation suggest that historical association is probably the main factor in shaping population structure for the landraces studied here. In agreement with morphological and cytogenetic data, Bayesian analysis of NWA landraces revealed the occurrence of three main gene pools. Assessment of racial affiliations using a combined dataset including previous data on American landraces showed a clear relationship between one of these gene pools and typical Andean races, whereas the remaining two gene pools exhibited a closer association to Caribbean accessions and native germplasm from the United States, respectively. These results highlight the importance of integrating regional genetic studies if a deeper understanding of maize diversification and dispersal is to be achieved.'Abstract not available'This article provides a comprehensive review of mountains as a highly heterogeneous, dynamic, yet increasingly vulnerable terrestrial environment undergoing rapid change in the Anthropocene. Mountains are widely appreciated for their geodiversity, species richness, high endemism, and association with various essential ecosystem services and cultural sustenance. However, in many of the most imposing mountain systems, the high alpine zone was scarcely visited before the twentieth century, and those places have been rapidly transformed from obscurity into theaters of intense anthropogenic change due to economic development and expansion of human activities. It is also widely noted that mountains are at the forefront of global environmental change and will be affected disproportionately by climate change. Synthesizing from key works on mountain relief formation, geodiversity, geo-biological connectivity, and ongoing change in mountain environments, this article makes the timely and important contribution to the field by positing mountains as vulnerable places in the Anthropocene. It is argued that owing to the highly heterogeneous nature of the constituent parts of their biophysical environment, mountain systems should be analyzed through a combination of disciplines, and should be assessed from the perspective of in order to gain crucial insight into their unique properties and change pathways.'chilensis forests in Argentina suffer a widespread mortality, locally known as `mal del whose causes remain unknown. `Mal del occurs throughout the cypress range in Argentina, being Grande Valley, in Central Patagonian Andes, an area where the disease has notoriously increased its extension and importance in the last years. The purpose of this work was to characterize Grande Valley soils where declining cypress stands develop and to determine what soil properties are associated with the disease. Four sampling sites with pure cypress forests expressing `mal del were selected. In each of them, and plots were established and were characterized by edaphic features. Selected morphological, physical and chemical soil properties were related to the occurrence of the decline by means of analysis of variance. The cypress forest developed in a wide range of soils with different parent materials: glacifluvial, alluvial, volcanic with a glacifluvial discontinuity, volcanic on an andesitic substratum, and soils derived from andesite alteration. All the soils presented dark superficial horizons, rich in organic matter and with granular structure. Cypress growing on volcanic soils with a glacifluvial discontinuity presented symptoms of decline in areas where the discontinuity, and therefore the clayey horizon and the redoximorphic features, were close to the surface. In soils derived from andesite alteration, the declining forest was also present on shallow soils with redoximorphic features near the surface. In volcanic soils with a lithological discontinuity of andesite, the decline was restricted to areas near a water stream. In alluvial soils, declining trees appeared related with the flood plain of the river; healthy forest stands developed on higher lands, where soils were well drained. Glacifluvial soils, presenting clayey textures and great difficulties for rooting, were the soils submitted to the worst drainage conditions. In these soils, the decline presented a random pattern of distribution, suggesting that the whole area is prone to develop the decline. Results showed cypress capacity to inhabit different soils; however microsite features related to poor drainage (i.e., low slope, nearness to water streams, the presence of clay and redoximorphic features near to the surface) determined a higher risk of disease occurrence."article describes the colonization process of the Japanese pioneer farmers in the Bolivian subtropical lowlands. Quantitative data for each of the farm households that can be matched for comparison between the initial phase of colonization and a later phase provide the basis for an examination of a reciprocal relationship between household organization and successively introduced agricultural practices. Two hypotheses are tested: (a) pioneer agriculture stimulates the formation of large family households to cope with an assumed labor shortage; and (b) existing variation in household organization produces variation in agricultural practices. The analysis reveals that the size of swidden farming in the initial phase and the size of permanent field cultivation in the latter phase both relate positively to the size of the male labor force. Despite the significant advantage of a large family household for providing free labor during rapid agricultural growth, a diachronic analysis does not support the hypothesis that the pioneer condition stimulates adaptive social change toward the formation of large families. Rather, the data indicate that changes in household composition have major effects on the size of cropland and the transformation from swidden farming to mechanized cultivation. Underlying mechanisms of agricultural change are further explored, and the implications for a colonization project are discussed.''Knowledge about the distribution and diversity of wetlands has become an essential tool for environmental management and policy-making. Yet, while recent estimates indicate that 27% of the area of Colombia is covered by wetlands and despite a number of regional studies, information about the diversity of wetlands nationally is scarce. In response, we present a national wetland classification system that is based on an ecological approach, from the perspective of wetland scientists, and which builds upon the assumptions underlying the flood pulse concept and hydrogeomorphic approach. Thus, the approach and structure of the Brazilian wetland classification system are used, with geomorphological adjustments made according to topography. The classification is hierarchical, multi-scale, functional, and organized according to four levels (system, macroregion, subsystem, and class), with the wetland diversity of Colombia represented nationally by 89 macrohabitats across marine-coastal, inland, and anthropogenic systems. The primary purpose of this classification is to provide integrated and organized information on the distribution and diversity of Colombian wetlands that will serve as a baseline for transparent environmental policy-making.''Euglossini bees are among the main pollinators of plant species in tropical and subtropical forests in Central and South America. These bees are known as long-distance pollinators due to their exceptional flight performance. Here we assessed through microsatellite loci the gene variation and genetic differentiation between populations of four abundant Euglossini species populations sampled in two areas, Picinguaba (mainland) and Anchieta Island, Ubatuba, Paulo State, southeastern Brazil. There was no significant genetic differentiation between the island and mainland samples of and Eulaema nigrita but a significant gene differentiation between mainland and island samples of Euglossa stellfeldi was detected. As expected, our results showed that the water body that separates the island from the mainland does not constitute a geographic barrier for these Euglossini bees. The absence of populational structuring of three out the four species studied corroborates previous reports on those bees, characterized by large populations, with high gene diversity and gene flow and very low levels of diploid males. But the Eg. stellfeldi results clearly point that dispersal ability is not similar to all euglossine bees, what requires the development of different conservationist strategies to the Euglossini species.''Species diversity can be a result of environmental and spatial constrains that act at small and large spatial scales. An important question in community ecology is to know the contribution of each one in studies with multiple spatial scales. We examined aquatic insect assemblages in small streams from the Atlantic Forest in a mainland-island scenario, with the aim of measuring which variables explain the of insects at three spatial scales (streams, ecoregions, mainland-island). We sampled 20 streams across four ecoregions, two on the mainland and two on the island. Spatial distribution of streams was hierarchical and ecoregions were isolated. The decreased with increasing spatial scale, where higher values were found among streams and not among ecoregions or mainland-island. Our results indicate that the contribution of environmental and spatial predictors to the of aquatic insect varies according to the scale of observation. Environmental variables of water and riparian forest had a greater effect on among stream sites, while spatial and landscape (physical barriers) variables seem to be key factors at larger scales (ecoregions and mainland-island, respectively), which can prevent dispersal. Our study shows that local environmental heterogeneity had a great importance for maintaining regional diversity of aquatic insects.''An assessment of the global freshwater crab diversity is presented. A total of 1,476 species in 14 families are currently known from all zoogeographical regions (except Antarctica), including 1,306 species in eight exclusively freshwater families (Pseudothelphusidae, Trichodactylidae, Potamonautidae, Deckeniidae, Platythelphusidae, Potamidae, Gecarcinucidae and Parathelphusidae). Estimates of true freshwater crab diversity including likely numbers of undescribed taxa suggest that the field remains largely in a phase. Main ideas on the origins, diversification, and phylogeny of true freshwater crabs are briefly discussed. The economic importance of freshwater crabs is also highlighted.''Agroforestry often relies on local knowledge, which is gaining recognition in development projects. However, how local knowledge can articulate with external and scientific knowledge is little known. Our study explored the use and integration of local and external knowledge in agroforestry projects in Bolivia. In 42 field visits and 62 interviews with agroforestry farmers, civil society representatives, and policymakers, we found a diverse knowledge base. We examined how local and external knowledge contribute to livelihood assets and tree and crop diversity. Projects based predominantly on external knowledge tended to promote a single combination of tree and crop species and targeted mainly financial capital, whereas projects with a local or mixed knowledge base tended to focus on food security and increased natural capital (e.g., soil restoration) and used a higher diversity of trees and crops than those with an external knowledge base. The integration of different forms of knowledge can enable farmers to better cope with new challenges emerging as a result of climate change, fluctuating market prices for cash crops, and surrounding destructive land use strategies such as uncontrolled fires and aerial fumigation with herbicides. However, many projects still tended to prioritize external knowledge and undervalue local tendency that has long been institutionalized in the formal educational system and in extension services. More dialogue is needed between different forms of knowledge, which can be promoted by strengthening local organizations and their networks, reforming agricultural educational institutions, and working in close interaction with policymakers.''Collaborating Authors: Bee Gunn, Wayne Law, George Yatskievych, Wu Sugong, Fang Zhendong, Ma Jian, Wang Yuhua, Andrew Willson, Peng Shengjing, Zhang Chuanling, Sun Hongyan, Meng Zhengui, Liu Lin, Senam Dorji, Ana, Liqing Wangcuo, Sila Cili, Adu, Naji, Amu, Sila Cimu, Sila Lamu, Lurong Pingding, Zhima Yongzong, Loangbao, Bianma Cimu, Gerong Cili, Wang Kai, Sila Pingchu, Axima, and Benjamin Staver.TIBETAN LAND USE AND CHANGE NEAR KHAWA KARPO, EASTERN HIMALAYAS. Economic Botany 59(4):312-325, 2005. Tibetan land use near Khawa Karpo, Northwest Yunnan, China, incorporates indigenous forest management, gathering, pastoralism, and agriculture. With field-based GIS, repeat photography, and Participatory Rural Appraisal we quantitatively compare land use between higher and lower villages, and between villages with and without roads. Households in higher elevation (>    3,000 meters) villages cultivate more farmland (z = -5.387, P 0.001), a greater diversity of major crops (z = -5.760, P <     0.001), a higher percentage of traditional crops, and fewer cash crops (z = -2.430, P = 0.015) than those in lower elevation villages (<    2,500 meters). Villages with roads grow significantly more cash crops (z = -6.794, P 0.001). Both lower villages and villages with roads travel farther to access common property resources. Historical analyses indicate agricultural intensification in valleys, an increase in houses, new crop introduction, hillside aforestation, cessation of hunting, glacial retreat, and timberline advance within the past century. We suggest that Tibetan land use reveals trade-offs between high, remote villages and lower villages near roads. Higher villages offer abundant land and access to natural resources but short growing seasons and little market access; in contrast, lower villages have road and market access, an extended growing season, and modern technology, but limited access to land and many other natural resources.''The south of the Iberian Peninsula, with an altitudinal range varying from sea level to and annual average rainfall ranging from 206 to has 516 vascular endemic species or subspecies, that is, an endemicity rate of 13%. This survey deals with parameters such as species richness, originality, life forms and dispersal modes of these plants, in relation to altitudinal and rainfall gradients. Although most of the endemic plants occur between 600 and a.s.l. and in the range of annual average rainfall, floristic originality (rate of endemic taxa per area unit) increases exponentially with altitude. The biological spectrum of this endemic flora does not follow the usual patterns observed either in local floras in the south of the Iberian Peninsula or in other regions of the Mediterranean Basin. Chamaephytes (46.08%) and hemicryptophytes (31.37%) are very abundant, whereas therophytes (11.96%) and phanerophytes (0.98%) are comparatively rare. There is a statistically significant correlation between life form and both altitudinal and rainfall gradients. Chamaephytes reach their highest density rates within a.s.l., but these records tend to decrease as rainfall rates increase. Abundance of hemicryptophytes is directly dependent on rainfall rates and inversely dependent on temperature. The altitudinal distribution pattern of therophytes is opposite to that of hemicryptophytes, but there is no clear correlation as far as rainfall gradient is concerned. Considering both the endemic plants as a whole and each of the life form groups, the relationships between the dispersal modes used and the altitudinal and rainfall gradients are analysed. Up to 44.51% of the endemic plants do not present evident adaptations to promote the dispersion of their diaspores. However, only in the group of therophytes, whose occurrence is positively related to areas of minor altitude, does this difficulty of dispersion play a significant role in the maintenance of stenochory.''During the summer of 1989 this author was afforded the opportunity to live and study in Brazil under the auspices of the Fulbright-Hays Commission. Study included extensive travel, visits to universities and research institutes, a lecture series, and interviews with social and physical scientists concerning many aspects of Brazilian life, culture, history and geography.The issue of the deforestation of the Brazilian Amazon was investigated by utilizing all available resources along with Brazilian media presentations, Brazilian publications, and personal observations. This research represents Brazilian perspective. It is neither a series of excurses for the destruction, nor a condonation of the actions that have taken place, but a series of alternative perceptions as seen from within Bazil.Addressing ths complex multifaceted issue brings about a number of interesting perspectives. Those addressed here are: Brazilian government actions, Brazilian research concerning the Amazon, the Amazon as a frontier, the lure of mineral wealth, the for question and environmental martyrdom. Though they may be difficult for the reader to accept, good or bad, there are reasons for the destruction.''The effects of irrigation on fine root biomass, root production and litterfall were measured at the community level, in a semideciduous lowland forest in Panama. Biomass of roots less than 2 mm in dia. in the first 10 cm of the soil (measured with soil cores), was higher in irrigated (1.80 Mg ha-1) than in non-irrigated plots (1.24 Mg ha-1). During the dry season, productivity of roots (measured with ingrowth cylinders filled with root-free soil), was higher in irrigated (1.6 g m-2 day-1) than in control plots (0.3 g m-2 day-1). In control plots, root productivity was highly seasonal. Maximum root growth into the root-free soil, occurred during the transitions from dry to wet, and from wet to dry season, possibly as a response to water and/or nutrient pulses. Litterfall was not significantly different between irrigated (3.8 g m-2 day-1) and control plots (3.7 g m-2 day-1). The results of this study show that root-productivity is limited by the water supply during the dry season, and that water by itself, is not a limiting factor for community-level litter production.''This paper analyzes how local seed system institutions support seed diversity, itself a requirement for agrobiodiversity maintained on-farm. The paper focuses on maize seed diversity in the central Peruvian Amazon. Using household and community level data from three different cultural groups from the central Peruvian Amazon, empirical results show the importance of collective action and the mediating role of ethnicity in the functioning of informal seed systems that in turn affect choices regarding conservation of seed diversity. This implies that policies are needed to protect the relatively open seed exchanges of such local practices as a way to sustain on-farm agrobiodiversity.''The role of horizontal and vertical colonization on the diversity and integration of the dung beetle fauna of two mountains in the Mexican Transition Zone (Los Tuxtlas and La Chinantla) are analyzed and compared. On each mountain standardized sampling was done using pitfall traps baited with dung and carrion along elevation gradients. On both mountains diversity decreased linearly with increasing elevation. The decrease in the number of genera and species was not different between mountains, but the cumulative total number for both taxonomic levels was significantly higher on La Chinantla. There, three well-defined groups were identified for which species turnover was mainly a result of species gain. On Los Tuxtlas there was no evident grouping pattern, and species turnover was determined by species loss. For both mountains the dominant biogeographic distribution pattern was Neotropical; however, at the higher elevations of La Chinantla, a clear replacement by lineages of Holarctic affinity was observed. We suggest that for La mountain that is geographically connected to the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range and is of ancient geological processes of horizontal and vertical colonization have had relatively different weights in terms of their effect on the pattern of diversity and the biogeographic integration of the beetle community, while on Los Tuxtlas, the limited role of horizontal colonization appears to be a consequence of its isolation and more recent geological origin. We discuss the potential use of these models for studying the effects of climate change on elevation gradients.'knowledge of worldwide species diversity of 19 families of aquatic Diptera in Continental Waters is presented. Nevertheless, we have to face for certain in most groups a restricted knowledge about distribution, ecology and systematic, particularly in the tropical environments. At the same time we realize a dramatically decline or even lack of specialists being able, having the time or the opportunity to extend or even secure the present information. The respective families with approximate numbers of aquatic species are: Blephariceridae (308), Deuterophlebiidae (14), Nyphomyiidae (7), Psychodidae Scatopsidae Tanyderidae (41), Ptychopteridae (69), Dixidae (173), Corethrellidae (97), Chaoboridae Thaumaleidae Ceratopogonidae Stratiomyidae Empididae Lonchopteridae (2), Syrphidae Sciomyzidae Ephydridae Muscidae Numbers of aquatic species will surely increase with increased ecological and taxonomical efforts.''This study aims to investigate the change in spatial-temporal configuration of secondary forest succession and generate measurements for monitoring the changes in structural plant diversity in Scots pine forest in NE Turkey from 1972 to 2005. The successional stages were mapped using the combination of Geographic Information System (GIS), Global Positioning System (GPS), aerial photos and high resolution satellite images (IKONOS). Forest structure and its relationship with structural plant diversity along with its changes over time were characterized using FRAGSTATS. In terms of spatial configuration of seral stages, the total number of fragments increased from 572 to 735, and mean size of patch (MPS) decreased from 154.97 ha to 120.60 ha over 33 years. The situation resulted in forestation serving appropriate conditions for plant diversity in the area. As an overall change in study area, there was a net increase of 1823.3 ha forest during the period with an average annual forestation rate of 55.25 ha per year). In conclusion, the study revealed that stand type maps of forest management plans in Turkey provide a great chance to monitor the changes in structural plant diversity over time. The study further contributes to the development of a framework for effective integration of biodiversity conservation into Multiple Use Forest Management (MUFM) plans using the successional stages as a critical mechanism.'Abstract not available'The use of underground plant organs and habitat selection by the Indians of southwestern Venezuela is described. Detailed information is presented on 18 species in 10 families. The three most significant uses identified are food, medicine and/or ritual, and fish poison; the dry forest habitat contains the largest number of exploited species. The taxonomic and conservation relevance of ethnobotanical investigation in dryland macrohabitats in South America is addressed.''Oil exploration and production (E&P) activities in remote regions are often considered a catalyst for landscape change through the direct alterations created by infrastructure features, as well as through the accessibility provided by roads. The construction, expansion and improvement of transportation routes in isolated areas can attract newcomers and resource users who engage in illegal logging, poaching, commercial agriculture, as well as planned and spontaneous colonization. These actions can lead to larger-scale surface disturbances that may also affect indigenous territories and natural preserves. However, do these parallel activities and outcomes always accompany E&P development, or can controlled access minimize changes? To answer this question we utilized an from approach that uses remote sensing and GIS techniques to analyze surface disturbance patterns linked to infrastructure features for both E&P and parallel activities. Our study area included four neighboring oil blocks in eastern tropical forest, displaying three types of E&P development: public-access, controlled-access and roadless. The first objective was to determine the spatial relationship between infrastructure pattern, disturbance regimes and the type of road access for the year 2000 using land-use land-cover maps, soils data, protected areas and colonization zones. The second objective was to examine the statistical relationships between agricultural conversion and the above factors. Spatial analysis findings suggest that areas of overlap where colonization zones, public-access roads and fertile soils meet are most prone to deforestation. Statistical findings from a linear regression model suggest that the presence of public-access non-oil roads are significant at explaining the conversion of natural vegetation (forest) to agriculture, while the presence of protected areas helps explain the conservation of forested land.'Case for Borojoa patinoi in the Region, Colombia. Economic Botany 51(1): 39-48. 1997. The economic botany of the tree speciesBorojoa patinoi is presented after consulting all available literature and visiting the region.Borojoa patinoi is a noteworthy species in that it is endemic to the biogeographic region, its fruits have high market value, and it is an understory tree, which means it can be cultivated without clearing the overstory trees. This paper reviews the literature on the taxonomy and phytogeography of the genus, as well as the production ecology of the species. Two net present value models are presented to analyze the species economically. From the models, we conclude that in many areas in the plantingB. patinoi trees is likely to be economically more competitive than planting commercial timber species. Furthermore, monocultures ofB. patinoi may not be the economically optimal production system. BesidesB. patinoi, some other species with edible fruits are suggested for further research.'"The T'OLCHE' is a protected forest belt about m wide that runs through the Mayan landscape on the limits of the maize fields of the farmers. This study explores its traditional use and management and traces how it has changed in the last 30 years in the study village in Mexico. A major change is in its extent; little remains of the of the area it occupied in the past. Two of the causes of this are identified as being a credit programme of the local bank and 1973 state legislation concerning cattle. The causes and consequences of this decline are discussed in relation with other farmer-perceived changes in overall landuse, including a fall in maize yields. The ecological roles of the T'OLCHE' are examined. It is argued that the T'OLCHE' plays an essential role in the regeneration of the fallow vegetation and in the maintenance of biological diversity. The case of the T'OLCHE' suggests the need for a diversified and politicized look on Common Property Resource Management."Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Public participation is experiencing increasing recognition as an indispensable component of effective communication and engagement between resource users and managers in natural resource planning and management. To bridge a gap between communication, information and participation, natural resource management agencies have increasingly used the visual capability of spatial decision support tools, such as geographic information systems. Nevertheless, both participation and the use of spatial technologies have been promoted without much consideration of how particular stakeholder groups participate and use existing decision support tools. This paper analyses the current state of public participation and the extent to which spatial data and geographic information tools are used by stakeholder groups to facilitate access to information and to support communication in water quality management on the Great Barrier Reef coast. Data were collected via document analysis, participant observation at meeting, face-to-face interviews and questionnaires. Qualitative data were coded for themes using coding analysis processes, whereas quantitative data from the surveys were analysed using standard exploratory and descriptive statistical techniques. Results reveal that reliance on the natural resource management officer, established networks and personal relationships, and provision of property-scale spatial information are important aspects of a meaningful public participation process.'Abstract not available(Dryopteridaceae) is a genus of Neotropical endemic ferns that exhibits diverse growth forms and often plays important ecological roles in tropical forests. The genus is composed of about 35 species, yet the taxonomy of some groups of species in the genus is poorly understood. In this work we present the first detailed taxonomic treatment of Polybotrya in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. We provide a key, descriptions, comments, conservation status, distribution maps, and illustrations for the ten species found in the Atlantic Forest. Seven species are endemic (P. cylindrica, P. espiritosantensis, P. matosii sp. nov., P. pilosa, P. semipinnata, P. speciosa and P. tomentosa) and three are widespread in Brazil or in the Neotropics (P. goyazensis, P. osmundacea and P. sorbifolia). A new species, Polybotrya matosii, is described, and the name P. tomentosa is reconsidered in this study. Lectotypes are also designated for P. incisa and P.'Ecological interactions play a fundamental role in determining the genetic structure of plant species in time and space. The demography of the Andean Puya hamata has been linked to fire regimes and hummingbird behaviour, which might modify the population genetic structure. Naturally, poor dispersal results in patches of genetically related plants, a pattern intensified further by burning which promotes seedling germination around parent plants. Later, when these plants flower, large patches are attractive to territorial hummingbirds which prevent visits by traplining hummingbird species, carrying pollen from likely unrelated plants. To explore this hypothesis, a genetic study of P. hamata using microsatellite markers was conducted with (i) isolated and grouped adults in two size categories of patches, and (ii) seeds collected from the same patches and isolated individuals. Isolated individual plants presented a higher observed heterozygosity with close to zero inbreeding. Adult plants from large patches showed a lower observed heterozygosity and higher inbreeding than plants from other spatial contexts. Seed genetic structure displayed a gradient of diversity: lower at patch centres but higher at patch edges, in small patches, and for isolated infructescences. The spatial context of these plants, especially the contrast between large patch centres and other situations, determines the genetic diversity of their seeds via hummingbird foraging behaviour. Territorial hummingbirds restrict gene flow in and out of large patches, but traplining hummingbirds maintain genetic diversity among isolated plants, small patches, and plants at the edges of large patches. Our study illustrates the need to consider interactions between land use, plants, and their pollinators when considering genetic diversity at the landscape scale.''This study focuses on the use of botanical pesticides in Cajamarca, Peru. Fieldwork was conducted in four Quechua communities located in different ecological zones. Interviews and collection of specimens yielded 64 poisonous species and 22 species considered useful because of their toxic properties. The yellow fever mosquito bioassay was applied to methanolic extracts of the latter 22 species to determine their toxicity toAedes aegypti L. larvae. Most extracts showed weak to moderate activity, although three were found to have strong pesticidal activity.''Several studies have identified a recent lengthening of the dry season over the southern Amazon during the last three decades. Some explanations to this lengthening suggest the influence of changes in the regional circulation over the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, whereas others point to the influence of vegetation changes over the Amazon rainforest. This study aims to understand the implications of more frequent long dry seasons in this forest on atmospheric moisture transport toward northern South America and the Caribbean region. Using a semi-Langrangian model for water vapor tracking, results indicate that longer dry seasons in the southern Amazon relate to reductions of water vapor content over the southern and eastern Amazon basin, due to significant reductions of evaporation and recycled precipitation rates in these regions, especially during the transition from dry to wet conditions in the southern Amazon. On the other hand, longer dry seasons also relate to enhanced atmospheric moisture content over the Caribbean and northern South America regions, mainly due to increased contributions of water vapor from oceanic regions and the increase of surface moisture convergence over the equatorial region. This highlights the importance of understanding the relative role of regional circulation and local surface conditions on modulating water vapor transport toward continental regions.''In the past there has been a proliferation of efforts to map climate change regions that are particularly vulnerable to current or future climate impacts, and where human security may be at risk. While some are academic exercises, many are produced with the goal of drawing policy maker attention to regions that are particularly susceptible to climate impacts, either to mitigate the risk of humanitarian crises or conflicts or to target adaptation assistance. Hotspots mapping efforts address a range of issues and sectors such as vulnerable populations, humanitarian crises, conflict, agriculture and food security, and water resources. This paper offers a timely assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of current hotspots mapping approaches with the goal of improving future efforts. It also highlights regions that are anticipated, based on combinations of high exposure, high sensitivity and low adaptive capacity, to suffer significant impacts from climate change.''Small water bodies are critical for maintaining freshwater biodiversity, but are among the least investigated aquatic environments. We examined physical and chemical variables at two reaches in Arroyo Tambillos, a small, high-elevation Andean stream, in NW Mendoza province, Argentina, across four seasons to examine how local factors and seasonality affected the structure of the macroinvertebrate community. The Arroyo Tambillos community was numerically dominated by ephemeropterans (mainly Massartellopsis irarrazavali) while the dipteran Chironomidae were the most species rich. Total macroinvertebrate abundance was highest in summer, driven mainly by taxa that were secondary in dominance (Austrelmis sp. and Andesiops peruvianus), while richness did not differ between seasons. However, benthic composition was different in Fall 2013 (March) compared to other seasons, largely because of the increased abundance of Chironomidae. Canonical correspondence analysis discriminated Chironomidae species distributions in Fall 2013 by substrate type (i.e., big and small boulder substrate). By contrast, discharge, velocity, and depth were the variables which most affected the macroinvertebrate abundance and distributions. Contrary to our expectations, most community changes observed occurred in fall instead of summer. Nivo-kryal stream communities like the one described here have become increasingly important for conserving mountain stream biodiversity as anthropogentic impacts and climate change increasingly impact lower stream reaches. Therefore, monitoring high-altitude streams like the Arroyo Tambillos may be critical for preventing the future loss of unique and sensitive stream biota.'Abstract not available'Allozyme analysis was performed on 83 wild Phaseolus vulgaris accessions, representing a wide geographical distribution from Mesoamerica to Argentina, to determine levels of genetic diversity and geographic patterns of variability at nine polymorphic isozyme loci. The collection can be divided into two major groups, one consisting of accessions from Mexico, Central America, Colombia and Peru, and the other consisting of accessions from Peru and Argentina. One accession from northern Peru is distinct from the two major groups, and may delineate a transition zone between the two divergent groups. The level of genetic diversity within wild P. vulgaris (Ht=0.132) is comparable with those found in other Phaseolus species. There was no significant within-accession gene diversity (Hs=0.006); however, there is a moderate level of genetic diversity (Dst=0.126) between accessions. Our results are consistent with previous studies on the genetic diversity of wild P. vulgaris using phaseolin, the major seed storage protein of beans.'Abstract not available'Two thermal sources with water temperatures from 51 to flow into a stream of 2 to 5 m width and about 0.5 m depth at Agua Caliente in Jujuy province, Argentina. Data from 3 years sampling show that the influence of the thermal sources maintains the water temperature of the stream section at a high and constant level (from 24 to different from the thermal regime of other streams in the area. Composition of water (N=13) has the following mean values: pH 8.36, conductivity 1591 cm-1, dominant ions (in mg l-1) 12.77, CO3H- 140.27, Cl- 246.86, 460.14, Na+ 400.45, K+ 2.18, Ca++ 27.68 and Mg++ 2.14. Mean total dissolved solids: 1.3 g l-1. Large amounts of Na+, and Cl- Sixteen fish species (2460 specimens) were captured in the warmed reach. Dominant families were Characidae, Cichlidae and Loricariidae. New geographic distribution information is provided for eight species, some of them with restricted northwestern Argentina distributions. Most abundant species were the eurytopic characid Astyanax bimaculatus, followed by the cichlid Bujurquina vittata. These species have the highest critical thermal maximum according to field experiments. Temperature of acclimatization is closer to lethal than in fishes from habitats. Agua Caliente differs from other thermal habitats in the lack of isolation, its placement in a rain forest area, a high number of species, and the lack of cyprinodontoids. The fish fauna here represents an opportunistic invasion of a habitat with water parameters strongly different from those in the area, particularly temperature and salinity. Both faunistic and limnological traits make of Agua Caliente a new type of environment within the subtropics.''Isozyme variation was studied in 87 plants from 32 cultivated and wild accessions of banana passion fruit (P. tripartita var. mollissima, P. tripartita var. tripartita, P. tarminiana, and P. mixta), rosy passion fruit (P. cumbalensis), tin-tin (P. pinnatistipula), (P. ampullacea), P. antioquensis, P. bracteosa, and P. manicata, from the Andes of Venezuela, Colombia, and Ecuador. Six polymorphic enzyme systems (IDH, PGDH, PGM, DIA, PRX, and ACP) revealed 31 zymotypes characterized by the presence or absence of 31 electromorphs. Cluster analysis separated clearly the accessions of P. tarminiana, P. tripartita, P. mixta, and P. cumbalensis from the less typical species of subgenus Tacsonia, which is consistent with morphological evidence. P. mixta showed the highest intraspecific variation and the closest affinity with P. tripartita. The accessions of these two species formed two clusters, one dominated by Colombian genotypes and the other dominated by Ecuadorian genotypes. One of the P. tripartita var. mollissima accessions clustered close to P. tarminiana accessions. The affinity between these three species is particularly interesting for conservation and use of banana passion fruit genetic resources. All the other species formed monospecific clusters.'Abstract not available'Howler monkeys (Alouatta), comprising between nine and 14 species and ranging from southern Mexico to northern Argentina, are the most widely distributed platyrrhines. Previous phylogenetic studies of howlers have used chromosomal and morphological characters and a limited number of molecular markers; however, branching patterns conflict between studies or remain unresolved. We performed a new phylogenetic analysis of Alouatta using both concatenated and coalescent-based species tree approaches based on 14 unlinked non-coding intergenic nuclear regions. Our taxon sampling included five of the seven South American species (Alouatta caraya, Alouatta belzebul, Alouatta guariba, Alouatta seniculus, Alouatta sara) and the two recognized species from Mesoamerica (Alouatta pigra, Alouatta palliata). Similarly to previous studies, our phylogenies supported a Mesoamerican a South American clade. For the South American howlers, both methods recovered the Atlantic Forest endemic A. guariba as sister to all remaining South American species, albeit with moderate support. Moreover, we found no support for the previously proposed sister relationship between A. guariba and A. belzebul. For the first time, a clade composed of A. sara and A. caraya was identified. The relationships among the other South American howlers, however, were not fully supported. Our estimates for divergence times within Alouatta are generally older compared to estimates in earlier studies. However, they conform to recent studies proposing a Miocene age for the Isthmus of Panama and for the uplift of the northern Andes. Our results also point to an early genetic isolation of A. guariba in the Atlantic Forest, in agreement with the hypothesis of biotic exchange across South American rain forests in the Miocene. Collectively, these findings contribute to a better understanding of the diversification processes among howler monkey species; however, they also suggest that further comprehension of the evolutionary history of the Alouatta radiation will rely on broadened taxonomic, geographic, and genomic sampling.''The growing global demand for food poses a serious challenge to mankind: How can we provide an increasing world population with an adequate, reliable and nutritious food supply? We argue that this can best be achieved through the utilization of biodiversity and the inclusion of marginal arable lands for agricultural production, while maintaining a broad gene pool to secure the potential for future plant production and supporting rural agricultural communities. We present several specific examples of how an emphasis on agricultural biodiversity can provide the basis for a nutritional, reliable, culinary and sustainable food production, and analyse the advantages, limitations and risks of an increased focus on agrobiodiversity. We conclude that the potential for approaches based on the preservation and development of existing agrobiodiversity has not been given sufficient attention in the current scientific and political debates concerning the best strategy to keep pace with global population growth and increasing demand for food. An emphasis on agrobiodiversity is the basis for the most appropriate strategies if the goal is to feed the world in the twenty-first century.'Abstract not availableview that gene flow between related animal species is rare and evolutionarily unimportant largely antedates sensitive molecular techniques. Here we use DNA sequencing to investigate a pair of morphologically and ecologically divergent, non-sibling butterfly species, Heliconius cydno and H. melpomene (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae), whose distributions overlap in Central and Northwestern South these taxa, we sequenced haplotypes per locus of a mitochondrial region containing the genes for cytochrome oxidase subunits I and II (CoI/CoII), and intron-spanning fragments of three unlinked nuclear loci: triose-phosphate isomerase (Tpi), mannose-6-phosphate isomerase (Mpi) and cubitus interruptus (Ci) genes. A fifth gene, dopa decarboxylase (Ddc) produced sequence data likely to be from different duplicate loci in some of the taxa, and so was excluded. Mitochondrial and Tpi genealogies are consistent with reciprocal monophyly, whereas sympatric populations of the species in Panama share identical or similar Mpi and Ci haplotypes, giving rise to genealogical polyphyly at the species level despite evidence for rapid sequence divergence at these genes between geographic races of H. transfer of Mpi haplotypes between species is strongly supported, but there is no evidence for introgression at the other three loci. Our results demonstrate that the boundaries between animal species can remain selectively porous to gene flow long after speciation, and that introgression, even between non-sibling species, can be an important factor in animal evolution. Interspecific gene flow is demonstrated here for the first time in Heliconius and may provide a route for the transfer of switch-gene adaptations for mimicry. The results also forcefully demonstrate how reliance on a single locus may give an erroneous picture of the overall genealogical history of speciation and gene flow.''The article explores the action research process throughout a land management research project, with the ambition to reflect upon action research as a working approach. It is shown how this process is experienced from a point of view and it critically analyses its methodology and process, outcome and the role of the action researcher.The learning environment known to farmers and framed by local institutions and practical experimentation, embedded in the local worldview, constituted a necessary starting point for achieving motivation and practical outcomes. Tight feedback loops between practice and reflection enabled joint learning and innovation and rapid implementation of measures suggested by the farmers. The approach could be particularly useful for local NGOs and local universities.''How species respond to environmental change is a fundamental question in ecology and species traits can help to tackle this question. In this study, we analyze how the functional structure of species assemblages changes with selected environmental variables along an elevational gradient. In particular, we used species traits of local butterfly communities (body size, voltinism, overwintering stages, and host specificity) in a national nature reserve in China to assess the impacts of temperature, net primary productivity, and land use. Our results show that productivity, measured as NDVI, had a stronger influence on the functional community structure of butterflies than temperature. Within the butterfly assemblages, net primary productivity mainly affected body size and supported few but large species. Length of vegetation period demonstrated dominating effects on the functional structure of local butterfly assemblages. However, an observed increase in dietary generalists with longer vegetation periods contradicted expectations based on niche breadth hypothesis, that more stable conditions should favor specialists. Furthermore, the general positive impact of vegetation period on species abundances differed considerably among functional groups. Only the group containing species hibernating as egg decreased with the length of vegetation period. Our results suggest that trait associations are instructive to explain relationships, that resource availability can predominantly influence the functional composition of herbivore assemblages, and that conservation priority should be given to specialist butterfly species overwintering as egg, especially in the face of global warming.'"Desertification can be a particularly visible consequence of climatic change. While considerable research has been devoted to terrestrial desertification in recent years, it is in the sea that biological deserts comprise 90% of the total area. Productive ocean or coastal upwelling areas comprise less than .1% of the total ocean area but yield up to half the world's fish catch. Since these high productivity zones occur near coastal margins they are closest to man's pollution and his tools for species decimation.In this paper we examine the notion of biological deserts in the sea and assess the limitation of the ocean as a biological resource. Since climatic conditions favorable for above average ocean productivity are often conducive to the creation of coastal deserts, the connections between ocean and atmosphere in these regions are examined. Finally, the impacts of natural climatic and biological variability, marine pollution, and over-fishing on the process of biological desertification in the sea are explored."'We sampled 45 Andean mountain tapirs (Tapirus pinchaque) from Colombia and Ecuador and sequenced 15 mitochondrial genes (two rRNAand 13 protein codifying genes)-making up 13,939 base pairs, approximately 83.1% of the total mitochondrial length. The overall sample had low to medium levels of nucleotide diversity with diversity slightly higher for the Colombian population. Both populations experienced high historical gene flow and our genetic heterogeneity analyses revealed a low genetic differentiation between them. Therefore, we did not detect any molecular subspecies, or significantly different evolutionary units for T. pinchaque. This species experienced a population expansion in the last 100,000 years but this expansion was more pronounced in the Ecuadorian population especially in the last 10,000 years, whereas the Colombian population underwent a strong bottleneck in the last 5,000 years. There was no significant spatial trend in genetic structure for the mountain tapir in Colombia and Ecuador. Phylogenetic analyses did not detect any important geographic clade within this species. Temporal split between T. pinchaque and T. terrestris might have occurred around 7-1.5 million years ago (MYA). T. pinchaque and T. terrestris+ T. kabomani are two monophyletic clades, suggesting that T. kabomani is not a full species.''Surface soils cm) were sampled at km intervals along two transects in Venezuela. One (1162 km, 70 samples) ran west to east parallel with the Caribbean coastline, the other (920 km, 92 samples) ran south to north from the frontier with Brazil to the Caribbean shore. Sampling took place in both a wet and a dry season. Trace metals were extracted from dried, sieved (<2 mm) soil with boiling aqua regia followed by analysis by ICP or flame AAS. Metal values did not differ significantly between the two seasons and dates were averaged. Geometric mean values for the transect were: Cu 17.9, Cs 3.6, and Zn = respectively. Similarly, for the transect and respectively. A classification of samples by lithology showed surface soil composition to be related to rock composition. Metal values were low in the soils in the south of the country, in the Guyana highlands (Gran Sabana). Low Zn contents were prevalent. Lead contents were affected by roadside fallout from vehicles using leaded petrol except that high Pb contents of soils in the Gran Sabana were of more complex origin.''A rapid, direct flow injection slurry atomization flame atomic absorption spectrometric procedure for Ca, Mg, Na and K determination is shown to give reproducible and accurate results for a variety of tropical fruits. The optimized conditions obtained for instrumental, slurry formation and manner of calibration graphs preparation are detailed. Ground fruit is simply suspended by being shaken in a Triton X-100 solution. Statistical evaluation of results from certified and non-certified materials indicate that the flow injection slurry method is both accurate and comparable in precision to a traditional wet acidic sample digestion procedure.''The Amur leopard Panthera pardus orientalis is one of the most endangered cat subspecies in the world. The rare leopard is sympatric with Amur tiger Panthera tigris altaica and their prey in human dominated landscape. To conserve the felid species, it is important to understand the activity patterns of Amur leopards, including its interactions with Amur tigers, prey, and human activities. We used a data set from 163 camera traps to quantify the spatial-temporal overlap between Amur leopards, Amur tigers, prey species, and human disturbances (e.g., humans presence on foot, vehicles, domestic dogs, and cattle grazing) from January to December 2013 in the Hunchun Nature Reserve, NE China. Our results indicated that leopards were more active in daytime and twilight; the seasonal spatial-temporal overlaps between leopards and tigers were lower than that between leopards and their prey species. Human activities and cattle grazing could influence the spatial distribution and activity patterns of the leopards, and therefore, the conservation actions should focus on reduction of human disturbances to minimize the impacts to Amur leopard activity patterns.'lamellata Lindl. is one of the 50 taxa of terrestrial orchids occurring in Chile. In this paper we report the breeding system, phenology and pollinator activity in a population of the species located in the Province of Valdivia, X Chile S). Chl. lamellata flowers from November to January, forming a lax spike with ca. 13 flowers. The floral life-span is 14 4 days. The species is self-compatible. There was no statistical difference between the amount of seed produced after hand cross-pollination and hand self-pollination treatments. Neither direct autogamy nor agamospermy are involved in seed setting, thus pollinating agents are essential for the species' reproduction. Also, it has a high number of pollen grains (881733) and ovules (599833) per flower. The P/O ratio calculated is low (1.46). Probable pollinators belong to the orders Hymenoptera (Corynura chloris and Ruizantheda proxima) and Diptera (Sarcophagidae); these insects had a low visitation rate (0.00002 visits/spike/minute). The rate of pollination observed was low (28.6% flowers with pollinia deposited versus 71.3% flowers with pollinia removed). The reproductive features of Chl. lamellata suggest that the survival capability and long-term persistence of the species will be seriously threatened if the interaction is disrupted."'This study provides a checklist of species distributed at the altitude gradient of Moghan-Sabalan rangelands in Ardabili province, Northwest Iran. We evaluated the changes in species composition, growth types of species, life forms, geographical distribution, threat and endemicity status, and palatability of species along two altitudinal gradients in the sampling plots, which were conducted in eleven sites/habitats with 300 meters above sea level (masl) altitude intervals (from 100 to 3300 masl). We assessed the plant species composition with special reference to the gradient analysis, and identified overall 396 species, which was comprising 44 families and 194 genera. Results showed that Asteraceae family is by far the most species-rich family, followed by Poaceae, Fabaceae, Caryophyllaceae and Brassicaceae. Among the genera, Astragalus is the most diverse genus, followed by Allium, Veronica and Bromus, Galium, Silene and Ranunculus. Results indicated that the number of species increased as the altitude increased to masl, but then starts to decline to 3300 masl. Family-to-genera ratio was 1:4.4, the family-tospecies ratio was 1:9, and the genera-to-species ratio was 1:2.04. Growth type of species analysis shows that the frequency of perennial plants was higher in the study area followed by annual species while the lower group was biennial species. The number of annuals showed a decreasing trend towards higher altitude. Hemicryptophytes and therophytes were the most frequent life forms constituted each with (41.9%). Hemicryptophytes showed an increasing trend with altitude, while therophytes showed a decreasing trend with altitude increase, followed by geophytes, chamaephytes, and phanerophytes. Results showed more than half of the species of the study area belonged to Iran-Turanian region and these species showed an increasing trend with altitude. In contrast, Sahara-Sindian species comprise a minor component of the spectrum, with decreasing trend with altitude. The rare and endangered species out of the surveyed taxonomic groups comprised 53 species in total which 29 of them are considered lower risk (LR), 13 data deficient (DD), 5 vulnerable (Vu) and with 3 rare (R) and identified endemic plants comprised 24 species. Some 56.6% species were identified as class III, 22.6% were class I and 20.8% were class II as the palatability variation. Moghan-Sabalan rangelands require strong conservation management policies in case of species loss and changing natural communities due to the occurrence of conversion into cropland, over-grazing and other anthropogenic effects.''This paper examines human impact on stands and individual trees of Pinus yunnanensis growing near the small mountain villages of Pianshui and Yangjuan in southwestern Sichuan Province, China. In an effort to assess whether use of these forests was sustainable, we examined the effects of human use in two ways. First, we directly measured the effect of cutting branches, for fuel and fodder, on tree growth. We hypothesized that branch cutting would negatively impact tree growth. We established 12 plots on four hills and compared 14 pairs of trees, one tree in each pair with an apparently full crown and the other with a considerable portion of the crown removed. Second, we assessed stand and tree properties over a 500 m elevation gradient above the villages where we hypothesized that as elevation increases, stand and tree properties should show fewer human impacts. Although extensive branch cutting reduced the live crown, tree height and diameter, compensatory processes likely enabled trees to recover and to add basal area increments (BAIs) similar to those added by trees with full crowns. Trees and stands close to villages showed less growth and lower basal areas, respectively, than stands and trees at intermediate or distant elevations from villages. Areas relatively close to the villages showed considerable effects of human-related disturbances such as branch cutting, grazing, tree and shrub removal, losses of litter, and human and animal trails. Such areas had increased soil erosion and often loss of the horizon. Stands close to villages had younger trees, lower stand basal areas, smaller basal area increments, and more stumps. Our results suggest an increasingly vulnerable interface between occupants of these two villages and their surrounding forests.''Participation has been widely touted as to a number of problems facing sustainable development programs. It is not enough, however, to involve rural people as workers and informants in research and planning endeavors defined by outsiders. A truly collaborative approach will depend upon our ability to broaden our definitions of research and participation, to accommodate a wide spectrum of land users and local knowledge, and to expand our repertoire of research methods. This paper presents a critique of facile approaches to participation, outlines a more inclusive framework for who participates on what terms, and reviews a variety of methods that address the complex realities of rural livelihoods and landscapes. The final section of the paper suggests a multi-institutional model that combines the complementary strengths of several types of organizations in participatory field research and planning.''Land reclamation in the humid tropics, using native tree plantations, requires a better knowledge of plant-soil interactions, and of patterns of growth of several poorly known species. We examined the establishment and mineral nutrition of two early-successional native tree species, Inga densiflora (N-fixing) and Pollalesta discolor, in relation to properties of a degraded Hydrandept volcanic soil in Ecuadorian Amazon. Initial content of organic matter was the most significant soil variable in explaining the growth of pure stands of both species and was strongly related to effective cation exchange capacity (ECEC) and to net total N mineralization. Leaves of Pollalesta discolor had greater concentration of nutrients than Inga densiflora, which led to a litter-layer rich in nutrients. Deficient concentrations of foliar P, detected on plots with low soil organic matter, were linked to poor growth of Inga densiflora, and indicate that this species may be P-limited. The inclusion of Inga densiflora did not stimulate the growth of Pollalesta discolor in mixed stands. This study indicates that soil organic matter management is an important issue on these degraded volcanic soils. We suggest that a reduction of the pool of labile organic matter appears to hamper tree productivity through a nutrient shortage. The high variability of the degraded soil studied proved to be an obstacle to tree growth and establishment.''Interactions between flowering trees in a representative sample of vegetation, and the birds that fed at their flowers, were studied for 2 years in lowland tropical hill forest in New Guinea. All 2,200 trees in a 3-ha plot were tagged, identified, mapped, and monitored monthly. Approximately 60% of all individual trees flowered during the study; all species that these flowering individuals belonged to were evaluated for bird visitation. Approximately 13% of the 164 resident species of New Guinea avifauna at the study site, especially honeyeaters and parrots, visited flowers. In the forest inventory plot, approximately of all 86 tree species that flowered during the study were visited by birds; most of these tree species were canopy species. Results showed that there was no statistically significant correlation between bird species grouped by bill morphology and flower species grouped as morphotypes and ranked by nectar accessibility, although strong but unexpected bird/plant associations were evident. These associations may be related to variables such as body mass or perch size. These results are discussed in comparison with results from the Neotropics and Australia, and in terms of morphological convergence and pollinator specificity in pollination systems.''BackgroundDiversity patterns result from ecological to evolutionary processes operating at different spatial and temporal scales. Species trait variation determine the spatial scales at which organisms perceive the environment. Despite this knowledge, the coupling of all these factors to understand how diversity is structured is still deficient. Here, we review the role of ecological and evolutionary processes operating across different hierarchically spatial scales to shape diversity patterns of second largest mammal order and the only mammals with real flight capability.Main bodyWe observed that flight development and its provision of increased dispersal ability influenced the diversification, life history, geographic distribution, and local interspecific interactions of bats, differently across multiple spatial scales. Niche packing combined with different flight, foraging and echolocation strategies and differential use of air space allowed the coexistence among bats as well as for an increased diversity supported by the environment. Considering distinct bat species distributions across space due to their functional characteristics, we assert that understanding such characteristics in Chiroptera improves the knowledge on ecological processes at different scales. We also point two main knowledge gaps that limit progress on the knowledge on scale-dependence of ecological and evolutionary processes in bats: a geographical bias, showing that research on bats is mainly done in the New World; and the lack of studies addressing the mesoscale (i.e. landscape and metacommunity scales).ConclusionsWe propose that it is essential to couple spatial scales and different zoogeographical regions along with their functional traits, to address bat diversity patterns and understand how they are distributed across the environment. Understanding how bats perceive space is a complex task: all bats can fly, but their perception of space varies with their biological traits.''The distribution and regeneration strategy of the major canopy dominants in species-rich subtropical/warm temperate rainforests in south-western Japan was studied in a hilly zone below 1100 m a.s.l. Using the patch sampling method, four dominance-community types were numerically identified and they corresponded to four habitats which represented a combination of topography and altitude (i.e. ridgesvs slopes, and belowvs above 500 m a.s.l.) Seven major canopy dominants had their respective distributional core in one of these topo-altitudinal habitats. The seven canopy dominants could be classified into three species groups according to their size structure and growth habits. Group A (Tsuga sieboldii andQuercus gilva) and group B (Quercus acuta, Quercus salicina, Machilus thunbergii) were restricted to the emergent and canopy layer, respectively. These two groups had only a few subcanopy trees and saplings. Saplings of group B showed a rapid growth rate in canopy gaps. Group C (Distylium racemosum) was characterized by many subcanopy trees and saplings that grew steadily under the closed canopy.Castanopsis sieboldii showed intermediate characteristics between group B and C in the size structure and growth habit of its saplings. The density ofD. racemosum canopy trees was markedly reduced on ridges and slopes above 500 m and on slopes below 500 m. In these marginal habitats, the three species groups coexisted by sharing different strata within a community. This situation was possible due to the differences in regeneration strategies among the canopy species.'a large arborescent species from the Central Cordillera of Tolima, Colombia, is described and illustrated. It is compared to Z. lindenii and Z. poeppigiana, the two most similar species. From these it is distinguished by leaflets with fewer teeth, sparse prickles on its petioles, beige-yellow ovulate strobili with shorter peduncles, and more microsporangia aggregated into a single group on the abaxial surface of the microsporophyll. Brief descriptions of Z. lindenii and Z. poeppigiana are also provided, as well as a key to separate the three species.'Abstract not available'Biological communities vary in composition and structure according to changes in the environment, such as in mountainous areas where temperature and moisture change with elevation, leading to gradual changes in vegetation. The altitudinal gradient is considered mirrors of the latitudinal gradient, although the richness peak can occur in the middle of the gradient, due to the greater total availability of moisture and/or due to the mid-domain effect. We aimed to test whether there was an intermediary peak in the richness of vascular epiphytes in two environmental gradients represented by elevation (around and by three subphysiognomies of cloud dwarf-forest in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. For this purpose, 24 plots of were established and divided into eight sets in each subphysiognomy, along the altitudinal gradient. The community structure was analyzed by calculating the Shannon diversity index the Pielou uniformity index (J), and taxonomic diversity indices and In total, 568 phorophytes were sampled, resulting in 3771 occurrences of epiphytes, distributed in 146 species. The diversity was different between the physiognomies of dwarf-forest and along the elevation gradient, and was specifically greater with higher elevation. The value of was lower than expected in one plot, and represented a potential human impact. The obtained results highlight the diversity of this region and the important contribution of the epiphytes, as well as the sensitivity of epiphytic communities to the different vegetation physiognomies and the climatic variations caused by the elevation.''Wood specific gravity was determined for 29 half-sib families of 4-year-old Pinus tecunumanii from the Mountain Pine Ridge, Belize, planted at three locations in Brazil and Colombia. Although there was a significant (p 0.05) family by sites interaction (F S), it was found that only 5 of the 29 families were major contributors. The test planting at the highest elevation (1750 m, La Arcadia, Colombia) was the most interactive site.''In order to investigate the possible presence of the chytrid fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Chytridiomycota: Chytridiales) in frogs (Amphibia: Anura) of Colombia, we made a retrospective examination of formalin-fixed specimens preserved in natural history collections. Using the staining technique of hematoxylin and eosin to identify B. dendrobatidis in histological slices, we found evidence of the fungus in 3 of the 53 frog species examined from a total of 672 specimens collected in 17 departments within Colombia between 1968 and 2006. The infected specimens were found dead or dying in recent years in high elevation sites, suggesting that chytridiomycosis (the disease caused by the fungus) may represent a significant threat to Colombian amphibians. We conclude that a more extensive search for B. dendrobatidis in museum specimens and wild-caught frogs should be undertaken as soon as possible, using both histological and molecular genetic techniques, in order to further characterize the geographic and taxonomic extent of infections of B. dendrobatidis.''The geological history of Madagascar contains events that may have given rise to unusual factors that molded the primate communities of the island. In order to understand the impact of the factors we reviewed the elevational distribution of extant primate species in the humid forests. The elevational structuring of primates in the humid forests of Madagascar shows considerable differences from other tropical areas in the New World and Asia, which is correlated with the lack of large tracts of humid lowland habitat on Madagascar since it split from India.'Abstract not available'In a previous study near the summit of Mt. Cuscuzeiro (Ubatuba, SP) on the SE Brazilian coast, we found two floristically different forests, one above that appears to have a number of features typical of cloud forests, and another on the lower altitude slopes below. Taking these two forests as reference points, we addressed two questions: (1) What are their floristic relationships with other Atlantic forest subtypes in S-SE Brazil?; (2) Do the cloud forests in this region constitute a particular floristic-phytogeographic formation or are they a subset of their surrounding community? Species from 109 surveys (including Mount Cuscuzeiro) of 83 locations in S-SE Brazil were compiled into a binary (presence-absence) floristic matrix. Analyses of similarity among these samples using clustering (UPGMA, TWINSPAN) and ordination (DCA, PCO and CA) methods were performed. The surveys were divided into six main groups: (1) Cloud Forests; (2) group (3) Coastal Forests, subdivided between (a) Slope Forests and (b) Coastal Plain Forests and Mountaintop Forests (not included in the Cloud Forests group); (4) Araucaria Forests; (5) Inland Seasonal Forests (from below ca. and (6) Inland Montane Forests (from above ca. The preferential and indicator species of the Cloud Forest group produced by TWINSPAN are presented. The Mount Cuscuzeiro forests from above and from below were clustered with the Cloud Forests and the coastal Slope Forests groups, respectively. We concluded that Cloud forests comprise a distinct phytogeographic formation in Brazilian S-SE region.''The International Cocoa Genebank, Trinidad (ICG,T) contains 2300 accessions representing a broad range of diversity and geographic origins. This study was undertaken to examine the phenotypic relationships in a diverse sample of 600 cacao accessions from the Genebank. The major objectives were to test the applicability of the accepted nomenclature, viz., the definition of classes, as well as to elucidate the relationships between wild and cultivated germplasm and among accession groups. This will facilitate efficient utilisation, management and improvement of cacao genetic resources through the identification of potentially heterotic groups. In addition, information on morphological variation may be considered along with allelic richness or gene frequencies in selecting core collections, and when formulating strategies for future collections in the wild. Considerable phenotypic variation (high coefficients of variation and Shannon Weaver Diversity Index values) in the germplasm studied was found, and the main groups of cacao were clearly separated. Wild cacao was differentiated from cultivated types by all of the quantitative descriptors except pod length. Recognised genetic groups (Trinitario and Forastero) were discriminated by several quantitative traits including sepal length, cotyledon weight, length and width, and pod index. Principal Component Analysis differentiated among 14 accession groups according to geographic origin and genetic grouping. Cotyledon weight, length and number, pedicel column colour, mature pod ridge colour, sepal length, pod basal constriction and surface texture, and ovule number accounted for most of the variation recorded. The observed improvement in the cultivated germplasm, in terms of agronomic traits such as seed weight and pod index, attests to the success of past selection activities. This apparent improvement (particularly among Refractario germplasm) appears to be accompanied by increased style length, a finding that warrants further study. The reduced diversity in sepal length, ligue width, ovule number, and cotyledon length in the cultivated compared to the wild germplasm is consistent with the narrowing of the genetic base in the former. These results have significance for cacao breeding programmes, conservation and future collecting strategies.'' atmospheric circulations downscaled by regional climate model are used to identify austral summer weather regimes (WRs) over central Brazil. For the period the self-organizing maps method is applied to provide simulated weather patterns and their relationship with daily rainfall. Six WRs were defined: two related to the active phase of the South American monsoon system (SAMS), with the large occurrence of days with extreme rainfall; two related to the break phase and few occurrences of extreme rainfall; and two others resembling transient with fewer extreme rainfall. The WRs formed a cycle obtained from their transition probabilities, which suggests alternating phases of zone and their association with extreme rainfall. Thus, the variability of summer precipitation, related to the behavior of the simulated WRs enables the verification of the regional dynamic model on intraseasonal time scale.''Understanding of the human dimensions of climate change (HDCC) in glaciated mountain regions is limited by a deficit in systematically collated information on where, to what stressors, by whom, at what scale, and with what effect adaptation is occurring. This paper presents a systematic literature review of the recent English language peer-reviewed scholarship on adaptation in glaciated mountain regions. 4050 potentially relevant articles were examined, with 36 included for full review. Results indicate that scholarly investigation into adaptation in glaciated mountains is presently limited to only 40 % of countries with alpine glaciation. Seventy-four discrete adaptation initiatives were identified, with most occurring in Peru (28 %), Nepal (22 %) and India (17 %). Many documented adaptations were initiated in response to intersecting stressors related to cryospheric change and socio-economic development; were autonomous and initiated in reaction to experienced climatic stimuli; and were carried out at the individual, family, or community scale. The study contributes to an emerging literature tracking on-the-ground adaptation processes and outcomes, and identifies a need to raise the profile of human adaptation in glaciated mountain regions within the HDCC scholarship. A research agenda for addressing key knowledge gaps and questions is developed, providing a framework for future investigation.'Development Where No Grass Grows: Small-Scale Development Efforts On The Peruvian reports site visits to several low-budget development projects: one in a squatter settlement on the outskirts of Lima, three in the agricultural area near Chiclayo, and one in the small provincial city of Ilo. The article describes a style of development assistance referred to as and contrasts its requirements and potential benefits with those of more standard practices. In a philosophical vein, the article examines the advantages of emphasizing how development assistance is carried out as opposed to a focus on outcomes. It suggests that much is to be gained by supporting the small-scale activities of local Non-Governmental Development Organizations.''The present work considered collecting and characterizing the genetic diversity of sweet potato [Ipomoea batata (L.) Lam.] in Ecuador through morphological and molecular descriptors (SSRs). Germplasm collections were made to assemble a national sweet potato collection for Ecuador. Characterization of the genetic diversity of this species was done through 34 morphological descriptors (24 qualitative and 10 quantitative), plus 12 exclusive descriptors for flowering and 8 microsatellites (SSRs). Three hundred and sixty-eight sweet potato accessions were collected in 18 provinces of Ecuador. Morphological characterization showed seven morphological groups and the variables with the greatest discriminating power for the description of the germplasm were the color, shape and defects of the reservoir root, in addition to the shape of the profile and lobes of the leaves. Principal component analysis determined the association of the main quantitative morphological features to the components. Eight microsatellite markers detected 89 alleles, with an average of 11.12 allele/locus and average polymorphism (PIC) of 0.848. STRUCTURE software revealed the formation of 4 different genetic groups. Morphological and molecular data did not show the formation of any group defined according to the province of origin. Factors such as the sweet potato reproductive system (cross-pollination), random sweet potato mutations and farmer exchange, contributed to the greater genetic diversity present. High genetic diversity and low number of duplicates were identified. This collection could provide outstanding genotypes to be used in breeding programs. Local landraces still in the hands of local farmers suggest that in situ conservation projects must be put in place.''Sixty-one species of pteridophytes were found growing in a two-hectare study area that contained two major soil types. Approximately one-third of that species richness was due to the presence of edaphic variation, because 19 species were only found on the sandy loam soil and 24 were restricted to the clay soil. In the Amazon basin, within a particular climatic zone, diversity of soil type and topographic position can result in a habitat mosaic where both edaphic specialists and generalists can be found growing in one area.''In arid regions, climatic conditions exert a great control on the aquatic systems present, but recent changes in climate have produced an enhanced salinization of the aquatic environments located there. Consequently, a major reduction in biodiversity would be expected in those wetlands that were originally fresh water. Salinity is a principal cause of reduced biodiversity particularly in zooplankton because few of those species can adapt to the salt pressure of saline environments. Therefore, the aim of this study was to gain essential information on the diversity of aquatic invertebrates in Llancanelo basin by focussing the analysis on the zooplankton community and exploring seasonal and spatial differences in the zooplankton assemblages of this vulnerable wetland system within an arid region of Argentina. Seasonal samples were taken at nine sites in the basin (a shallow lake, 4 springs, streams, and the River). A total of 45 species were identified. The zooplankton abundance in the lake displayed a clear seasonal contrast and was higher than that recorded in the springs and lotic environments. Boeckella poopoensis, Fabrea salina, and Brachionus plicatilis predominated in the lake, indicating their halophilia. The presence of the crustaceans Alona sp., Macrocyclops albidus, and Paracyclops fimbriatus was restricted to the springs; whereas Notholca labis and Notholca squamula were found only in running water. The zooplankton species richness in the Llancanelo area is low because of both the salt content in the lake and the irregularity of freshwater entry in all locations during the annual cycle.''Elevational diversity gradients are typically studied without considering the complex small-scale topography of large mountains, which generates habitats of strongly different environmental conditions within the same elevational zones. Here we analyzed the importance of small-scale topography for elevational diversity patterns of hyperdiverse tropical leaf beetles (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae). We compared patterns of elevational diversity and species composition of beetles in two types of forests (on mountain ridges and in valleys) and analyzed whether differences in the rate of species turnover among forest habitats lead to shifts in patterns of elevational diversity when scaling up from the local study site to the elevational belt level. We sampled beetle assemblages at 36 sites in the Podocarpus National Park, Ecuador, which were equally distributed over two forest habitats and three elevational levels. DNA barcoding and Poisson tree processes modelling were used to delimitate putative species. On average, local leaf beetle diversity showed a clear hump-shaped pattern. However, only diversity in forests on mountain ridges peaked at mid-elevation, while beetle diversity in valleys was similarly high at low- and mid-elevation and only declined at highest elevations. A higher turnover of species assemblages at lower than at mid-elevations caused a shift from a hump-shaped diversity pattern found at the local level to a low-elevation plateau pattern (with similar species numbers at low and mid-elevation) at the elevational belt level. Our study reveals an important role of small-scale topography and spatial scale for the inference on gradients of elevational species diversity.''The study of land bridge based on continental drift and long-distance dispersal are gaining increasing attention in biogeography. We review several major dispersal theories including the Malpigiacea route, patterns of chameleon dispersal and the floating island model. The Malpigiaceae route indicates that the Malpigiaceae family originated in northern South America and that members of several clades migrated into North America and subsequently moved via north Atlantic land connections into the Old World starting in the Eocene. This route may also explain many other pantropic disjunction patterns, including some Chinese plants disjunctions, involving South America. Not all biogeographical distribution patterns can be explained by vicariance theory, so more research, including chameleon distribution, has recently focused on long-distance dispersal. The latest analyses suggest that chameleons have dispersed over long-distances from Madagascar on several occasions. The floating island model would explain flora and fauna similarities between South America and Africa. Studying long-distance dispersal mechanisms is important for understanding distribution patterns and even the spread of pandemics. More research on the specific implications of long-distance dispersal for biogeography is necessary.''DNA barcoding is a technique used primarily for the documentation and identification of biological diversity based on mitochondrial DNA sequences. Butterflies have received particular attention in DNA barcoding studies, although varied performance may be obtained due to different scales of geographic sampling and speciation processes in various groups. The montane Andean Satyrinae constitutes a challenging study group for taxonomy. The group displays high richness, with more of 550 species, and remarkable morphological similarity among taxa, which renders their identification difficult. In the present study, we evaluated the effectiveness of DNA barcodes in the identification of montane Andean satyrines and the effect of increased geographical scale of sampling on identification performance. Mitochondrial sequences were obtained from 104 specimens of 39 species and 16 genera, collected in a forest remnant in the northwest Andes. DNA barcoding has proved to be a useful tool for the identification of the specimens, with a well-defined gap and producing clusters with unambiguous identifications for all the morphospecies in the study area. The expansion of the geographical scale with published data increased genetic distances within species and reduced those among species, but did not generally reduce the success of specimen identification. Only in Forsterinaria rustica (Butler, 1868), a taxon with high intraspecific variation, the barcode gap was lost and low support for monophyly was obtained. Likewise, expanded sampling resulted in a substantial increase in the intraspecific distance in Morpho sulkowskyi (Kollar, 1850); Panyapedaliodes drymaea (Hewitson, 1858); Lymanopoda obsoleta (Westwood, 1851); and Lymanopoda labda Hewitson, 1861; but for these species, the barcode gap was maintained. These divergent lineages are nonetheless worth a detailed study of external and genitalic morphology variation, as well as ecological features, in order to determine the potential existence of cryptic species. Even including these cases, DNA barcoding performance in specimen identification was 100% successful based on monophyly, an unexpected result in such a taxonomically complicated group.''The fish fauna of Patagonian lakes comprises a small, unique group of native species and several exotic ones. The consequences of environmental changes for Patagonian fish populations vary according to the physiology of the species considered. Several previously predicted facts such as extirpations, extinctions, and translocations have occurred and human actions such as transport, introduction, and stocking of exotic species suggest a more complex future. We discuss the historical biogeography of Patagonian freshwater ichthyofauna to help us better understand their present adaptations and physiological ecology. We also address potential interactions between climate change and processes such as migration, species introductions, and invasions. There is still much to learn from Patagonian fishes to comprehend how these species will endure environmental changes.''In March 2012, during the rainy season in the Altiplano plateau, a >100-year return period rainfall event affected the deeply incised valleys of the Precordillera of the Region, northern Chile. This extreme event in a very arid region triggered a number of debris and mud flows that caused severe damage and destruction in several small villages along the and valleys. The highly vulnerable location of the villages on top of alluvial fans due to socioeconomic and cultural reasons is a key factor to explain the level of destruction in most villages. In this paper, this unusual, remarkable landslide event is described, and the hazard faced by these settlements for future rainfall episodes and possible mitigation measures are discussed.''Ecological niche modelling (ENM) has been used to quantify the potential occurrence of species, by identifying the main environmental factors that determine the presence of species across geographical space. We provide a large-scale survey of the distribution of ostracod species in South America, by using the domains of 25 river basins. From 221 known ostracod species, we estimate the potential distribution of 61 species, using ENM. Ten clusters of potential distribution patterns were found. Clusters 8 and 9 grouped most of the species, which presented high similarity of niche between them. Heterocypris paningi Brehm, 1934 (group 1) obtained higher niche variability. The minimum temperatures of the coldest month and the mean elevation of the river basin were most important to predict the potential distribution of ostracods of most groups. South America has a complex pattern of elevation, which affects species distributions indirectly through changes in local factors. For instance, the Andes mountains might impose a barrier for ostracod distribution in the southern part of South America because of the low temperatures and precipitation. The ENM indicated that some regions and/or basins of South America might be susceptible to the entry of several ostracod species, presently absent, including non-native species.''The terrain within the Lake Titicaca Basin in the Andean highlands of Peru and Bolivia is a highly human-modified landscape. Archaeological investigations document that massive landscape modifications were undertaken throughout prehistory in order to intensively cultivate marginal lands. The paper focuses on raised fields, large earthen platforms which prevent waterlogging and flooding, increase soil fertility, conserve moisture, insure nutrient production and recycling, and improve crop microclimates. The environmental implications of the construction of over 82,000 hectares of raised fields for local vegetation, microclimate, soils, sedimentation, and hydrology are examined. The reuse of raised field agricultural technology to solve some problems of current land management is also discussed.'Abstract not available'Nongovernmental organizations are increasingly influencing resource management and land use in areas of small farm agriculture in Latin America. A field study of NGOs working in upper Canar, a region in the southern highlands of Ecuador, documents the changing human environment relations in an indigenous area and the influence of NGOs in the change process. Case studies of PLAN International and CARE indicate that the NGOs are helping marginalized producers shift land use away from traditional grains and tubers toward dairying and vegetables. Given current needs and resource constraints, the new land uses represent effective adaptive strategies. However, the NGO work is having notable consequences for land use intensity and labor utilization patterns.''Two new species of Pleonotoma Miers (Bignonieae, Bignoniaceae) from Brazilian Amazonia are described and illustrated: Pleonotoma fissicalyx B. M. Gomes & and P. longiflora B. M. Gomes & P. fissicalyx is characterised by foliaceous prophylls of the axillary bud, 3-ternate leaves, a large number of short racemes concentrated at the apex of the flowering branch with many visible pedicel scars, a laterally fissured, almost spathaceous calyx, and a small, narrow hypocrateriform corolla with subexserted anthers; the fruits are unknown. P. longiflora is characterised by the combination of weakly tetragonal branchlets with unribbed angles, non-foliaceous, flat, rounded prophylls of axillary bud with an eccentric tip, 2-ternate leaves, broad axillary racemes, an elongate tubular calyx and a hypocrateriform corolla up to long; its inclusion within Pleonotoma is confirmed by molecular phylogeny.''In this article, we analyze the socio-environmental conflicts in the high plateau region of the eastern range of the Colombian Andes from a regional political ecology perspective. We focus on six specific cases of conflicts over industrial pollution, mining and water management to show how they are connected within a regional ecosystem and economy. We emphasize that these struggles have cultivated new collective identities, and engendered social learning processes concerning the natural environment, tools and tactics of resistance and democratic practice. As the current peace negotiations to end 50-years long armed conflict open up new possibilities of political and social transformation, these socio-environmental struggles will surely be an important factor in shaping the future of rural territories and the people inhabiting them.''BackgroundTiti monkeys, Callicebus, comprise the most species-rich primate species are currently recognised, five of them described since 2005. The lack of molecular data for titi monkeys has meant that little is known of their phylogenetic relationships and divergence times. To clarify their evolutionary history, we assembled a large molecular dataset by sequencing 20 nuclear and two mitochondrial loci for 15 species, including representatives from all recognised species groups. Phylogenetic relationships were inferred using concatenated maximum likelihood and Bayesian analyses, allowing us to evaluate the current taxonomic hypothesis for the genus.ResultsOur results show four distinct Callicebus clades, for the most part concordant with the currently recognised morphological torquatus group, the personatus group, the donacophilus group, and the moloch group. The cupreus and moloch groups are not monophyletic, and all species of the formerly recognized cupreus group are reassigned to the moloch group. Two of the major divergence events are dated to the Miocene. The torquatus group, the oldest radiation, diverged c. and the Atlantic forest personatus group split from the ancestor of all donacophilus and moloch species at There is little molecular evidence for the separation of Callicebus caligatus and C. dubius, and we suggest that C. dubius should be considered a junior synonym of a polymorphic C. caligatus.ConclusionsConsidering molecular, morphological and biogeographic evidence, we propose a new genus level taxonomy for titi monkeys: Cheracebus n. gen. in the Orinoco, Negro and upper Amazon basins (torquatus group), Callicebus Thomas, 1903, in the Atlantic Forest (personatus group), and Plecturocebus n. gen. in the Amazon basin and Chaco region (donacophilus and moloch groups).''An account of the five species of Talinum native to Bolivia based on field and herbarium studies is presented. Line drawings, photographs and SEM images of seeds highlight differences in habit, inflorescence and seed morphology. A key to the species is provided and notes on diagnostic characteristics, ecology and distribution are provided. Talinum porphyreum M. Mend. & J. R. I. Wood is described as new. Additionally Phemeranthus punae (R. E. Fr.) Eggli & Nyffeler, long placed in Talinum, is recorded for the first time from Bolivia, indicating the presence of the genus Phemeranthus in Bolivia. The opportunity is taken to lectotypify this species.''A Geographical Information System (GIS) based method is proposed and demonstrated for the identification of sediment source and sink areas and the prediction of sediment yield from watersheds. Data from the Haharo sub-catchment having an area of in the Upper Damodar Valley in Jharkhand State in India was taken up for the present study due to availability of gauged data at multiple locations within watershed area. The watershed was discretized into hydrologically homogeneous grid cells to capture the watershed heterogeneity. The cells thus formed were then differentiated into cells of overland flow regions and cells of channel flow regions based on the magnitude of their flow accumulation areas. The gross soil erosion in each cell was calculated using the Universal Soil Loss Equation (USLE). The parameters of the USLE were evaluated using digital elevation model, soil and landuse information on cell basis. The concept of transport limited sediment delivery (TLSD) was formulated and used in ArcGIS for generating the transport capacity maps. An empirical relation is proposed and demonstrated for its usefulness for computation of land vegetation dependent transport capacity factor used in TLSD approach by linking it with normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) derived from satellite data. Using these maps, the gross soil erosion was routed to the watershed outlet using hydrological drainage paths, for derivation of transport capacity limited sediment outflow maps. These maps depict the amount of sediment rate from a particular grid in spatial domain and the pixel value of the outlet grid indicates the sediment yield at the outlet of the watershed. Up on testing, the proposed method simulated the annual sediment yield with less than error.''Morphometries is the quantitative study of organisms shape and size. Intrinsic (e.g. age and sex) and extrinsic (e.g. abiotic conditions) factors can be related to morphological diversity and can aid in the study of species biology and ecology. Giant armadillos have rarely been captured in the wild and very little is known about the species. Here we aimed to characterize body measurements of free-living giant armadillos (Priodontes maximus) in mid-western Brazil and evaluate how these measurements vary between sexes and age classes to gain insights on the species biology and ecology. We captured 28 armadillos in the study area, 18 adults (9 males, 9 females) and 10 subadults (6 males, 4 females) and assessed twenty-five different morphometric measurements for each captured armadillo. To evaluate if age class and sex of adult individuals can be differentiated by a concise set of morphometric measurements we used Linear Discriminant Analyses. We encountered significant morphometric differentiation between age classes and report seven parameters that best discriminate individuals between age classes which may allow the identification of age class in future studies. The wide morphometric variation in subadults could indicate that individuals have a long developmental process between weaning and sexual maturity. Morphometric differentiation between sexes was possible through the association of three morphological parameters and adult males are larger and heavier than females. Although we were limited by the number of animals sampled in previous studies, females presented similar body mass across studied sites, while males presented variation of up to ten kilos across the species distribution. This indicates that the degree of sexual dimorphism can vary among localities and raises interesting ecological questions regarding the species reproductive system. This variation can be related to abiotic factors (e.g. latitude, temperature and topography), differences in productivity among biomes (i.e. resource abundance and distribution), population density, and/or genetic variation between populations and should be explored further. We propose the measurements used here be used as standard measurements for this species since it encompasses all of the most distinctive features of the species and allows a full morphological characterization, enabling the future comparison between populations of this widely distributed species.''In an effort to ensure energy independence and exploit mineral resources, the governments of Amazonian countries are embarking on a major dam building drive on the rivers, with 191 dams finished and a further 246 planned or under construction. This rush to harvest the vast renewable energy capacity has come without proper consideration of the likely negative environmental externalities on the most speciose freshwater and terrestrial biotas. Here we highlight the economic drivers for hydropower development and review the literature to summarise the impacts of dam building on Amazonian biodiversity. We identify both direct and indirect impacts through the anticipated loss, fragmentation and degradation of riparian habitats. We then propose a series of measures to assess, curb and mitigate the impacts of destructive dams on Amazonian biodiversity.''Mountainous area makes up 22% of global land, and rational land use in this area is important for sustainable development. Mentougou district has been positioned as an ecological conservation development zone of Beijing and significant land use changes have taken place since 2004. With the combination of GIS and Dinamica EGO (Environment for Geoprocessing Objects) model, the quantitative structure and spatial distribution of land use in Mentougou from 2006 to 2014 are analyzed in this paper. Considering topography has influence on the action mode of driving factors, the research area is divided into two parts based on elevation, mountainous area above 300 m, plain and shallow mountainous area below 300 m. Based on cellular automata theory, the probability of land use change is calculated by Weights of Evidence method and the spatial distribution of land use is simulated by means of two complementary spatial transition functions: Expander and Patcher. Land use pattern of Menougou in 2030 for three kinds of scenarios: trend development, rapid development and ecological protection are simulated. The comparison shows that the trend development scenario is more reasonable based on social, economic and environmental considerations and other scenarios provide a reference for improving irrational land use.''Passport data for Guanajuato State were used to locate the sites where maize was collected in the 1940s and 1950s in an effort to document and conserve diversity. A map presenting survey points illustrates that collections have occurred repeatedly in the same locations. Observations of these locations reveal that urbanization and industrialization, not high yielding varieties, are displacing traditional varieties. Non-linear principal components analysis was used to assess associations between variables in areas where maize persists. Landraces appear to be associated with mountains and mesas, mixed cropping, little or no access to irrigation and areas classified as having low agricultural capacity; conversely, landraces have more commonly been replaced in areas of high agricultural capacity. The areas of high agriculture capacity, located in the riparian areas and plains, also have been the easiest to develop for urban and industrial use. Increasingly high rates of urbanization and development in areas of high agriculture capacity will impede the conservation of crop diversity in these areas.''The radon transport test, which is a widely used test case for atmospheric transport models, is carried out to evaluate the tracer advection schemes in the Grid-Point Atmospheric Model of IAP-LASG (GAMIL). Two of the three available schemes in the model are found to be associated with significant biases in the polar regions and in the upper part of the atmosphere, which implies potentially large errors in the simulation of ozone-like tracers. Theoretical analyses show that inconsistency exists between the advection schemes and the discrete continuity equation in the dynamical core of GAMIL and consequently leads to spurious sources and sinks in the tracer transport equation. The impact of this type of inconsistency is demonstrated by idealized tests and identified as the cause of the aforementioned biases. Other potential effects of this inconsistency are also discussed. Results of this study provide some hints for choosing suitable advection schemes in the GAMIL model. At least for the polar-region-concentrated atmospheric components and the closely correlated chemical species, the Flux-Form Semi-Lagrangian advection scheme produces more reasonable simulations of the large-scale transport processes without significantly increasing the computational expense.''Reproductive failure results in many plant species becoming endangered. However, little is known of how and to what extent pollinator shifts affect reproductive performance of endangered species as a result of the artificial introduction of alien insects. In this study we examined breeding systems, visitor species, visiting frequency and seed set coefficients of Swertia przewalskii in two years that had different dominant pollinator species (native vs. alien). Flowers of this species were protandrous and herkogamous and insects were needed for the production of seeds. The stigmatic receptivity of this species was shorter than for other gentians. No significant difference in seed set coefficient was found for hand-pollinated plants between the two years, indicating that pollinator shift only had a minor effect on this breeding system. The commonest pollinators in 2002 were native bumblebees, alien honeybees and occasional solitary bees, however, only alien honeybees were observed in 2004. The flower visitation rate in both years was relatively high, although the total visit frequency decreased significantly in 2004. The control flowers without any treatment produced significantly fewer seed sets in 2004 than in 2002. In the past decade the seed production of this species may have partly decreased due to pollination by alien honeybees, however, we suggest that they might have acted as alternative pollinators ensuring seed production of S. przewalskii when native pollinators were unavailable. The main reason that this plant is endangered is probably the result of habitat destruction, but changes in land use, namely intensified agricultural practice and unfavorable animal husbandry have also contributed to its decline. We recommend that in-situ conservation, including the establishment of a protected area, is the best way to preserve this species effectively.''This paper is a compilation of notes on 142 fungal taxa, including five new families, 20 new genera, and 100 new species, representing a wide taxonomic and geographic range. The new families, Ascocylindricaceae, Caryosporaceae and Wicklowiaceae (Ascomycota) are introduced based on their distinct lineages and unique morphology. The new Dothideomycete genera Pseudomassariosphaeria (Amniculicolaceae), Heracleicola, Neodidymella and Pseudomicrosphaeriopsis (Didymellaceae), Pseudopithomyces (Didymosphaeriaceae), Brunneoclavispora, Neolophiostoma and Sulcosporium (Halotthiaceae), Lophiohelichrysum (Lophiostomataceae), Galliicola, Populocrescentia and Vagicola (Phaeosphaeriaceae), Ascocylindrica (Ascocylindricaceae), Elongatopedicellata (Roussoellaceae), Pseudoasteromassaria (Latoruaceae) and Pseudomonodictys (Macrodiplodiopsidaceae) are introduced. The newly described species of Dothideomycetes (Ascomycota) are Pseudomassariosphaeria bromicola (Amniculicolaceae), Flammeascoma lignicola (Anteagloniaceae), Ascocylindrica marina (Ascocylindricaceae), Lembosia xyliae (Asterinaceae), Diplodia crataegicola and Diplodia galiicola (Botryosphaeriaceae), Caryospora aquatica (Caryosporaceae), Heracleicola premilcurensis and Neodidymella thailandicum (Didymellaceae), Pseudopithomyces palmicola (Didymosphaeriaceae), Floricola viticola (Floricolaceae), Brunneoclavispora bambusae, Neolophiostoma pigmentatum and Sulcosporium thailandica (Halotthiaceae), Pseudoasteromassaria fagi (Latoruaceae), Keissleriella dactylidicola (Lentitheciaceae), Lophiohelichrysum helichrysi (Lophiostomataceae), Aquasubmersa japonica (Lophiotremataceae), Pseudomonodictys tectonae (Macrodiplodiopsidaceae), Microthyrium buxicola and Tumidispora shoreae (Microthyriaceae), Alloleptosphaeria clematidis, Allophaeosphaeria cytisi, Allophaeosphaeria subcylindrospora, Dematiopleospora luzulae, Entodesmium artemisiae, Galiicola pseudophaeosphaeria, Loratospora luzulae, Nodulosphaeria senecionis, Ophiosphaerella aquaticus, Populocrescentia forlicesenensis and Vagicola vagans (Phaeosphaeriaceae), Elongatopedicellata lignicola, Roussoella magnatum and Roussoella angustior (Roussoellaceae) and Shrungabeeja longiappendiculata (Tetraploasphaeriaceae). The new combinations Pseudomassariosphaeria grandispora, Austropleospora archidendri, Pseudopithomyces chartarum, Pseudopithomyces maydicus, Pseudopithomyces sacchari, Vagicola vagans, Punctulariopsis cremeoalbida and Punctulariopsis efibulata Dothideomycetes. The new genera Dictyosporella (Annulatascaceae), and Tinhaudeus (Halosphaeriaceae) are introduced in Sordariomycetes (Ascomycota) while Dictyosporella aquatica (Annulatascaceae), Chaetosphaeria rivularia (Chaetosphaeriaceae), Beauveria gryllotalpidicola and Beauveria loeiensis (Cordycipitaceae), Seimatosporium sorbi and Seimatosporium pseudorosarum (Discosiaceae), Colletotrichum aciculare, Colletotrichum fusiforme and Colletotrichum hymenocallidicola (Glomerellaceae), Tinhaudeus formosanus (Halosphaeriaceae), Pestalotiopsis subshorea and Pestalotiopsis dracaenea (Pestalotiopsiceae), Phaeoacremonium tectonae (Togniniaceae), Cytospora parasitica and Cytospora tanaitica (Valsaceae), Annulohypoxylon palmicola, Biscogniauxia effusae and Nemania fusoideis (Xylariaceae) are introduced as novel species to order Sordariomycetes. The newly described species of Eurotiomycetes are Mycocalicium hyaloparvicellulum (Mycocaliciaceae). Acarospora septentrionalis and Acarospora castaneocarpa (Acarosporaceae), Chapsa multicarpa and Fissurina carassensis (Graphidaceae), Sticta fuscotomentosa and Sticta subfilicinella (Lobariaceae) are newly introduced in class Lecanoromycetes. In class Pezizomycetes, Helvella pseudolacunosa and Helvella rugosa (Helvellaceae) are introduced as new species. The new families, Dendrominiaceae and Neoantrodiellaceae (Basidiomycota) are introduced together with a new genus Neoantrodiella (Neoantrodiellaceae), here based on both morphology coupled with molecular data. In the class Agaricomycetes, Agaricus pseudolangei, Agaricus haematinus, Agaricus atrodiscus and Agaricus exilissimus (Agaricaceae), Amanita melleialba, Amanita pseudosychnopyramis and Amanita subparvipantherina (Amanitaceae), Entoloma calabrum, Cora barbulata, Dictyonema gomezianum and Inocybe granulosa (Inocybaceae), Xerocomellus sarnarii (Boletaceae), Cantharellus eucalyptorum, Cantharellus nigrescens, Cantharellus tricolor and Cantharellus variabilicolor (Cantharellaceae), Cortinarius alboamarescens, Cortinarius brunneoalbus, Cortinarius ochroamarus, Cortinarius putorius and Cortinarius seidlii (Cortinariaceae), Hymenochaete micropora and Hymenochaete subporioides (Hymenochaetaceae), Xylodon ramicida (Schizoporaceae), Colospora andalasii (Polyporaceae), Russula guangxiensis and Russula hakkae (Russulaceae), Tremella dirinariae, Tremella graphidis and Tremella pyrenulae (Tremellaceae) are introduced. Four new combinations Neoantrodiella gypsea, Neoantrodiella thujae (Neoantrodiellaceae), Punctulariopsis cremeoalbida, Punctulariopsis efibulata (Punctulariaceae) are also introduced here for the division Basidiomycota. Furthermore Absidia caatinguensis, Absidia koreana and Gongronella koreana (Cunninghamellaceae), Mortierella pisiformis and Mortierella formosana (Mortierellaceae) are newly introduced in the Zygomycota, while Neocallimastix cameroonii and Piromyces irregularis (Neocallimastigaceae) are introduced in the Neocallimastigomycota. Reference specimens or changes in classification and notes are provided for Alternaria ethzedia, Cucurbitaria ephedricola, Austropleospora, Austropleospora archidendri, Byssosphaeria rhodomphala, Lophiostoma caulium, Pseudopithomyces maydicus, Massariosphaeria, Neomassariosphaeria and Pestalotiopsis montellica.''Fire activity has varied globally and continuously since the last glacial maximum (LGM) in response to long-term changes in global climate and shorter-term regional changes in climate, vegetation, and human land use. We have synthesized sedimentary charcoal records of biomass burning since the LGM and present global maps showing changes in fire activity for time slices during the past (as differences in charcoal accumulation values compared to pre-industrial). There is strong broad-scale coherence in fire activity after the LGM, but spatial heterogeneity in the signals increases thereafter. In North America, Europe and southern South America, charcoal records indicate less-than-present fire activity during the deglacial period, from 21,000 to cal yr BP. In contrast, the tropical latitudes of South America and Africa show greater-than-present fire activity from to cal yr BP and most sites from Indochina and Australia show greater-than-present fire activity from 16,000 to cal yr BP. Many sites indicate greater-than-present or near-present activity during the Holocene with the exception of eastern North America and eastern Asia from 8,000 to cal yr BP, Indonesia and Australia from 11,000 to 4,000 cal yr BP, and southern South America from 6,000 to 3,000 cal yr BP where fire activity was less than present. Regional coherence in the patterns of change in fire activity was evident throughout the post-glacial period. These complex patterns can largely be explained in terms of large-scale climate controls modulated by local changes in vegetation and fuel load.'Abstract not available'Pastoralism is a viable socio-economic system-shaped by landless and agro-pastoral communities in many pastoral regions of the world. This system is mainly based on seasonal migration of pastoralists and their livestock herds between upland and lowland pastures. Traditionally pastoral activities make significant contributions to mountain livelihood subsistence, regional economies and environmental sustainability. However, the lifestyle and their economies are increasingly confronted to various socio-political, economic and ecological stresses from the last few decades. Extensive literature reviewed on this subject with the aim to explore the current emerging challenges faced by pastoral communities in different pastoral regions. It has been revealed from literature that the prevalent socio-political and economic stress on pastoralism caused by modernization, insecure land tenure, integration of market economy, civil insecurities and exclusion in states policies while ecological stress on pastoral activities emerged with increasing focus on nature conservation in pastoral regions and climate change induced hazards and disasters. As a consequence of these challenges, pastoral households are abandoning livestock herding-as a traditional way of life and are in continuous transition to transform their pastoral practices and institutions. Thus, the attention and consultation of key stakeholders are needed toward pastoral resource development that improve and sustain traditional pastoral practices in a socio-politically and ecologically stressed environment of the world.''Weather-related geo-hazards are a major concern for both natural slopes and man-made slopes and embankments. Government agencies and private companies are increasingly required to ensure that there is adequate protection of sloping surfaces in order that interaction with the climate does not produce instability. Superior theoretical formulations and computer tools are now available to address engineering design issues related to the near ground surface soil-atmospheric interactions. An example is given in this paper that illustrates the consequences of not paying adequate attention to the hazards of slope stability prior to the construction of a highway in South America. On the other hand, examples are given from Hong Kong and Mainland China where significant benefits are derived from putting in place a hazard slope stability management system. Some results from a hazard management slope stability study related to the railway system in Canada are also reported. The study took advantage of recent research on unsaturated soil behaviour and applied this information to real-time modelling of climatic conditions. The quantification of the water balance at the ground surface, and subsequent infiltration, is used as the primary tool for hazard level assessment. The suggested hazard model can be applied at either specific high risk locations or in a more general, broad-based manner over large areas. A more thorough understanding of unsaturated soil behaviour as it applies to near ground surface soils, along with the numerical computational power of the computer has made it possible for new approaches to be used in slope hazard management engineering.'Abstract not available'A revision of the dioecious genus Chersodoma (Senecioneae, Asteraceae) recognizes nine species, including a new species, C. deltoidea & M. O. Dillon, from northern Peru and a status change for a northwestern Argentine endemic, C. glabriuscula (Cabrera) M. O. Dillon & Chersodoma is confined to the Andean Cordillera and is the only dioecious member of the Senecioneae in continental South America. A cladistic analysis of a morphological data set supports the monophyly of the genus and the recognition of two previously established subgenera. Subgenus Chersodoma contains three species (C. argentina, C. candida, C. jodopappa) with greatest diversity in the semi-arid puna of northwestern Argentina and adjacent Bolivia and Chile. Subgenus Diclinanthus B. Nord., contains six species (C. antennaria, C. arequipensis, C. deltoidea, C. juanisernii, C. glabriuscula, and C. ovopedata) with greatest diversity in Peru. A key to Andean genera of Senecioneae is provided. A discussion of species relationships and historical biogeography is presented as suggested by morphological parsimony analysis.''Swidden cultivation is the traditional agricultural system in most parts of the Amazonian rain forest. In a remote area in the Manu National Park, Peru, this system was analysed in two indigenous Matsiguenka communities. Diversity of cultivated plants on fields and in homegardens are presented in the current study. Cultivated plants were noted on two to four plots per field on 46 fields, making a total of 126 survey plots. Nineteen homegardens were studied as well. Dominating species cultivated on fields is cassava (Manihot esculenta). Fruit trees such as the peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), guava (Psidium guajava) or Inga edulis, but also cotton (Gossypium barbadense) and a medicinal plant (Cyperus sp.) predominate in more than 75 % of the homegardens analysed. Species diversity increases steadily from 18 and 24 species on 1- and 2-year-old fields to 26, 29 and 66 species in young, medium old and old homegardens, respectively. Seventy-one different species in total were found in all homegardens analysed and 25 in swidden fields. Diversity of species cultivated in homegardens is low compared to other studies in the rain forest of the Amazon. This seems to be due to their remoteness from the next urban centre and to the fact that they are native communities with still low external exchange of information. These findings are in contrast to the hypothesis that remoteness from urban centres increases species richness because subsistence production is based on a broad variety of species. In contrast to species richness in homegardens, differences in species richness in swidden fields between the present and other studies could not be found.'Abstract not available'A floristic inventory of woody plants was carried out to analyse the relationships between floristic similarity and geographical distance, and to compare the effect of land use history on the floristic composition between sites. Three lowland and two submontane sites were studied in Madidi, Bolivia. In one site, there is evidence of an Inca ruin. A total of 877 species and 12,822 individuals of woody plants with a diameter at breast height were recorded in 44 plots. Alpha index values were slightly higher for the lowlands than for the submontane. Floristic similarity was higher within sites than between sites as measured by both and Steinhaus indexes. The fact that the 30 most important species per site (totalling 94 species) accounted for 61.7% of total individuals, support the hypothesis that Amazonian plant communities are dominated by a limited set of species, genera and families. On the other hand, 18 out of the 94 species were reported in a single site, suggesting that some species are patchy in distribution and may be environmentally determined. Both the oligarchy and environmental-determinism hypotheses can be complementary in order to understand floristic patterns of this region. The Ruins submontane site is floristically the most distinct, and past human disturbance is likely to be the main reason. Since species diversity (ranging from 53 to 122 species per plot) and density (ranging from 157 to 503 per plot) are highly variable in Madidi, to characterize the diversity of a site, it is necessary to quantify an average of 10 0.1-ha plots in a relatively small geographical area.''The precise number of extant fish species remains to be determined. About 28,900 species were listed in FishBase in 2005, but some experts feel that the final total may be considerably higher. Freshwater fishes comprise until now almost 13,000 species (and 2,513 genera) (including only freshwater and strictly peripheral species), or about 15,000 if all species occurring from fresh to brackishwaters are included. Noteworthy is the fact that the estimated 13,000 strictly freshwater fish species live in lakes and rivers that cover only 1% of the surface, while the remaining 16,000 species live in salt water covering a full 70%. While freshwater species belong to some 170 families (or 207 if peripheral species are also considered), the bulk of species occur in a relatively few groups: the Characiformes, Cypriniformes, Siluriformes, and Gymnotiformes, the Perciformes (noteably the family Cichlidae), and the Cyprinodontiformes. Biogeographically the distribution of strictly freshwater species and genera are, respectively 4,035 species (705 genera) in the Neotropical region, 2,938 (390 genera) in the Afrotropical, 2,345 (440 genera) in the Oriental, 1,844 (380 genera) in the Palaearctic, 1,411 (298 genera) in the Nearctic, and 261 (94 genera) in the Australian. For each continent, the main characteristics of the ichthyofauna are briefly outlined. At this continental scale, ichthyologists have also attempted to identify ichthyological that are regions with a distinctive evolutionary history and hence more or less characteristic biota at the species level. Ichthyoregions are currently identified in each continent, except for Asia. An exceptionally high faunal diversity occurs in ancient lakes, where one of the most noteworthy features is the existence of radiations of species that apparently result from intra-lacustrine speciation. Numerous fish-species flocks have been identified in various ancient lakes that are exceptional natural sites for the study of speciation. The major threats to fish biodiversity are intense and have been relatively well documented: overexploitation, flow modification, destruction of habitats, invasion by exotic species, pollution including the worldwide phenomena of eutrophication and sedimentation, all of which are interacting.''For cassava (Manihot esculenta Euphorbiaceae), results from field collection, semistructured interviews, phenetic and cluster analyses, and Global Information Systems (G1S) indicate that cassava phenotypes vary with elevation and topography, but less with soils or pests and diseases. Amuesha women with a sense of tradition maintain many cassava varieties along with associated myths, songs, names and indigenous production. The shaman plays a key role in breeding new and maintaining traditional cassava germplasm, while the rest of the tribe nurtures cassava germplasm dynamics through collecting, trading, stealing, maintaining favored cassava varieties, and purging the less desirable. The future of cassava diversity is of concern to some Amuesha as production and market interests surmount more traditional attention to variety.''There are at least 86 species of troglomorphic fishes belonging to 18 families. Some of those families are characterized by features that can be labeled as preadaptations to the hypogean life; others are not. The level of structural reduction in eye development and pigmentation is highly variable, even within some populations. Reduction in number and complexity of scales does occur but has yet to be fully documented. Reduction in the size and structure of the swim(gas)bladder may be another troglomorphic feature. There is considerable doubt on the taxonomic position of many species of troglomorphic fishes given that a number of them have been described solely on the basis of morphology while genetically they may be very closely correlated to genera different from those they have been assigned to. Geographically speaking there are no evident patterns since many of those species are not found in karstic areas but in phreatic waters. These fishes represent an excellent example of convergent evolution.'Abstract not available'The multiple use of distinct ecological environments in the search for wild resources has been practiced since ancestral times in aboriginal communities inhabiting northwestern Patagonia. This paper examines the actual use and knowledge of wild edible plants in a Mapuche community presently settled in one of the most arid areas of Patagonia, far from the temperate forests where their ancestors used to live. The difference between knowledge of and use of wild plants is analyzed emphasizing that these differences could contribute to the understanding of eroding processes believed to be occurring in the community. These objectives are studied quantitatively by utilizing ethnobotanical indices, partially derived from ecological theory. Our results indicate that the Paineo dwellers still utilize multiple ecological gathering environments and have thorough plant knowledge of both native and exotic species. The Andean forest, more than away from this community, is the environment from which the Paineo dwellers know the greatest total richness and the highest diversity of wild edible plants, followed by the species and lastly, those growing around their homes. The transmission of wild edible plant knowledge in the Paineo community diminishes with age, and the forest plants are the most vulnerable to loss. Our results have shown that the knowledge and consumption of wild edible plants follows a pattern according to ecological conditions of the gathering environments, as well as the cultural heritage of the Paineo people.'Abstract not available'Today, native vegetation in the Valdivian Coastal Range (VCR) is restricted to areas where small-scale land use dominates resulting in a vegetation mosaic. This study (1) provides a description of the vegetation types (VT) within the vegetation mosaic, (2) identifies land use drivers that lead to either degradation or recovery processes and, (3) attempts to provide an explanation for the vegetation mosaic with a conceptual model. In two regions of the VCR we sampled 102 plots for composition of vegetation and indicators of livestock browsing, timber cutting and coppice forestry. We classified the vegetation using a flexible beta method and Bray-Curtis distance. Diagnostic species were identified by an extended indicator species analysis. The clustering results were visualized in NMDS and recursive partitioning was used to explain variations in the VTs as a function of the land use variables. Differentiating effects were tested using PERMANOVA and a conceptual model for the vegetation dynamics was developed from the results. Four VTs such as (1) extensively grazed non-native grasslands (EGN); (2), closed and semi-closed grazed Ugni and Berberis shrublands; (3) severely impacted evergreen forests; and (4) sparsely disturbed evergreen forests were recognized. The browsing indicators were important for differentiating the VTs. The EGN grasslands were differentiated by having more than 0.075 dung Areas with fewer dung piles but direct browsing effects had the greatest impact on vegetation. Forests were preserved when the mean browsing index was equal to or lower than 0.5. The cutting frequency was significant in determining overall floristic composition. We showed that shrublands and evergreen forests within the vegetation mosaic and the result of small-scale farming led to high native forest species richness. This makes the vegetation mosaic especially valuable in a landscape dominated by exotic tree monocultures.''By the year 2050, agriculture will have to provide the food and nutrition requirements of some 9 billion people. Moreover, to maintain that level of productivity indefinitely it must do so using environmentally sustainable production systems. This task will be profoundly complicated by the effects of climate change, increasing competition for water resources and loss of productive lands. Agricultural production methods will also need to recognize and accommodate ongoing rural to urban migration and address a host of economic, ecological and social concerns about the inputs/high model of present-day industrial agriculture. At the same time, there is a need to confront the unacceptable levels of continuing food and nutrition insecurity, greatest in the emerging economy countries of Africa and Asia where poverty, rapid population growth and climate change present additional challenges and where agriculture is practiced primarily by small-scale farmers. Within this context, we here review science-based evidence arguing that diversification with greater use of highly valuable but presently under-valorised crops and species should be an essential element of any model for sustainable smallholder agriculture. The major points of these development opportunity crops are presented in four sections: agricultural farming systems, health and nutrition, environmental sustainability and prosperity of the populations. For each section, these crops and their associated indigenous knowledge are reported to bring benefits and services when integrated with food systems. In this paper, we conclude that not only a change in policy is needed to influence behaviours and practices but also strong leadership able to synergize the various initiatives and implement an action plan.'cucullifolia Jack & Steph. var. anomala J. Heinrichs & Gradst. var. nov. is described and illustrated. The new variety is known from a single locality in southern Ecuador and differs from P. cucullifolia var. cucullifolia by the flat, not saccate leaves, somewhat smaller plant size and weaker leaf dentation. According to phylogenetic analyses of 35 nrDNA ITS1 and ITS2 sequences of Plagiochila, the two varieties of P. cucullifolia form a monophyletic lineage and are placed in a well supported clade together with five other species of Plagiochila sect. Hylacoetes: P. dimorpha Lindenb. & Gottsche var. ecuadorica (Inoue) J. Heinrichs, P. flabelliflora Steph., P. patriciae J. Heinrichs & H. Anton, P. macrostachya Lindenb. and P. turgida Herzog. Within Plagiochila, nrITS sequence variation is not concordant with morphological diversification. ITS sequences of Plagiochila cucullifolia s.str. and of P. dimorpha var. ecuadorica differ in only 23 aligned positions whereas two sequences of P. subplana Lindenb. differ in 86 aligned positions. Morphologically, P. cucullifolia s.str. and P. dimorpha var. ecuadorica differ in more than 20 characters and previously these two taxa were placed in separate genera. P. subplana phenotypes show considerable variation in leaf shape and dentation but the extremes are linked by numerous'Lepanthes is one of the most species-rich genera of angiosperms in the neotropics. Here, we describe and illustrate two new species of Lepanthes from Caribbean lowlands of Costa Rica. Lepanthes crucitasensis,sp. nov. resembles L. confusa, from which it can be distinguished by longer and wider leaves and flowers with entire margin sepals, longer lateral sepals, longer upper lobe and lip with glabrous appendix. Lepanthes adenophorasp.nov. is similar to L. crucitasensis, but it is distinguished by the narrower leaves, always green, shorter inflorescences, pink scarlet petals with a yellow center and with the upper and lower lobe of different lengths, lip not surpassing the column, appendix with glandular trichomes and obovoid-elliptic pollinia. Micromorphologically, the petals of L. adenophora are pubescent or Both new species conform a clade closely related to two species from montane forests, suggesting that some lineages can potentially survive or adapt to warmer habitats. Our results demonstrate that alpha-taxonomic studies are pivotal for uncovering phylogenetic relationships in poorly sampled neotropical orchid groups.'Centropogon, and Siphocampylus together comprise more than 500 species endemic to the Neotropics, Current knowledge of these genera is unsatisfactory, with much diversity yet to be described. Over the past seven years, one out of every 28 specimens received for identification has represented a new species, many characterized by unique or unusual character states. Siphocampylus smilax (Bolivia) is unique in the genus in its parallelodromous leaf venation and extra-floral nectaries. Centropogon dianae (Peru) cannot be accommodated in any recognized infrageneric taxon, and a new section, Centropogon sect. Niveopsis, is proposed for it. The flowers of C. steinii (Ecuador) are the smallest known in the genus, while C. connatilobatus (Venezuela) is the first species to combine arbusculiform pubescence and connate calyx lobes. Burmeistera venezuelensis is only the second species of the genus known to occur in Venezuela and the first to be endemic; similarly, Centropogon wilburii is only the third species of Centropogon known from Mexico and the first to be endemic to that country. Additional novelties are also described.''We are studying present conditions and consequences of material movement from land to water in the Lake Titicaca basin, and how fluxes are affected by human activities. The principal objective of this research is to describe and explain the variability in the Andean Altiplano of (a) water, nutrient and sediment fluxes from land and (b) composition, nutrient limitation and other important features of nearshore lake communities, and compare the effects of different agricultural practices (especially traditional and modern) on these factors. We are focusing on a comparison of the impacts of two forms of agriculture in this region: ancient raised fields currently under rehabilitation, and flat pastures and fields, which are more common. Results of the first year of study indicate there is substantial variability in nitrogen and phosphorus dynamics in relation to ecotone complexity (simple vs. intermediate vs. complex). Raised field sites have the beneficial effect of reducing high available nutrient concentrations (nitrate and soluble reactive phosphorus) and sediment load (measured as turbidity) as the water passes through them enroute to the lake. Aquatic vegetation (algae and macrophytes) reflect well ambient total nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations. Experimental nutrient limitation bioassays indicate that nitrogen is the most important limiting nutrient, though there is important spatial variability within the landscape, and phosphorus as well as nitrogen can be limiting.''Se describen e ilustran cinco especies nuevas de Aechmea (Bromeliaceae: Bromelioideae) para Colombia: A. confertiflora y A. viridispica del norte de los Andes, A. longipedunculata y A. longiramosa de la planicie y A. baudoensis de la del para cada especie se presentan notas sobre sus relaciones estado de y'We studied the daily activity pattern and habitat use of the lowland tapir Tapirus terrestris and their relationship with environmental and anthropic variables. We used photographic records of tapirs obtained during five camera-trap surveys conducted in three areas of the Atlantic Forest of Argentina that differ in their protection against poaching. The daily activity pattern was analyzed with circular statistics and linear regression. The effect of protection against poaching and environmental variables on habitat use of tapirs was analyzed using occupancy modeling. Tapirs were nocturnal all year round, with 89% of the records between 1800 h and 0700 h. The proportion of nocturnal records and the recording rate did not change with mean daily temperature. The daily activity pattern of tapirs was not affected by the sex of the individuals, the lunar cycle or the protection level of the area. The probability of detecting tapirs increased with the distance to the nearest access points for poachers and decreased with the abundance of bamboo in the understory and increasing trail width. The probability of use of an area by tapirs increased with increasing protection against poaching and distance to the nearest access points for poachers. These results suggest that poaching is one of the factors with significant effect on habitat use by tapirs but not on their daily activity patterns.''AimsThis study investigated whether soil chemistry act as abiotic drivers of Myrtaceae assemblages, and also investigated the occurrence of indicator species.MethodsWe first characterize the edaphic conditions of forest fragments occupied by Myrtaceae assemblages in Subtropical Araucaria Forest. Then, we investigated the association between soil chemistry and the structure of the assemblages. Finally, we verified which Myrtaceae species are chemical-edaphic bioindicators.ResultsWe measured 2357 individuals belonging to 26 species from the Myrtaceae family. The Myrtaceae assemblages were predominantly composed by populations with aggregate spatial distribution pattern. This spatial behavior reflects their edaphic requirements because the soil conditions are heterogeneous even on a small scale, forming chemical-edaphic niche patches. Ecological dominance occurred in habitats characterized by restrictive environmental factors such with high acidity and high availability of exchangeable aluminum. Acca sellowiana and Campomanesia xanthocarpa are indicator species of fertile soils, while Myrceugenia regnelliana is acid and low fertility soils indicative.ConclusionsIn this study we show that soil acidity is an effective driver of Myrtaceae assemblages in Subtropical Araucaria Forest and the use of Myrtaceae indicators can enable policymakers and environmental inspectors to more easily enact conservation in Brazilian ecosystems.''Habitat loss is a major driver of bee declines worldwide, and is of key relevance in the tropics given high deforestation rates, but we continue to have a poor understanding of the impact of land-cover change on tropical bee communities. Orchid bees (Apidae: Euglossini) are critical long-distance pollinators and may be highly susceptible to forest fragmentation given their reliance on forest habitat. Previous studies on the impact of forest fragmentation on euglossines have been geographically limited, have largely ignored and have not compared fragments with continuous forest. To contribute to addressing these gaps, we sampled male euglossine bees in 18 forest fragments (area range: and at eight locations within a large continuous forest in the biodiversity hotspot of Ecuador during the dry season in 2014. We assessed how euglossine abundance, richness, and evenness related to fragment area, isolation, and edge:area ratio. We also compared fragments to continuous forest, in terms of and In fragments, a single species (Euglossa tridentata) comprised 78% of captures, and we found no significant effect of fragment area, isolation, or edge on abundance, richness, or evenness among fragments. Forest fragments and continuous forest differed in both community composition and evenness, but not in abundance or species richness. Spatial turnover showed a non-significant trend toward changing more rapidly in continuous forest relative to fragments. These results underscore the conservation value of continuous forest for orchid bee diversity.''The Chilean Puya species (Puyoideae, Bromeliaceae) constitute an early diverging group within the genus and thus are key taxa for the understanding of the early evolution and biogeography of Puya. However, a modern taxonomic treatment including information from molecular phylogenetic studies is still lacking. Here, a taxonomic revision of the Chilean species of Puya is presented based on morphological, molecular, and biogeographic data. A re-evaluation of the widely applied concept of P. berteroniana led us to the conclusion that the type of P. berteroniana is of hybrid origin and is maintained as Puya berteroniana. Our studies revealed that the name P. berteroniana has been widely misapplied to what in fact is the northern metapopulation of P. alpestris, which is here described as a new subspecies, Puya alpestris subsp. zoellneri, a member of subgenus Puya. A lectotype is designated for Puya copiapina and a neotype for P. chilensis. Altogether, six Puya species, two subspecies, four varieties and one hybrid taxon are recognized for the Chilean flora in this revision: P. alpestris subsp. alpestris and subsp. zoellneri; P. boliviensis; P. chilensis; P. gilmartiniae; P. coerulea var. coerulea, var. intermedia, var. monteroana, and var. violacea; P. venusta; and A key is provided for their identification.'Abstract not available' Water loss, cutaneous resistance, and the effects of dehydration on jumping ability were measured in two neotropical frogs, the common (Eleutherodactylus coqui) and the cave (Eleutherodactylus cooki). In both species jumping performance declined with an increase in water loss and a greater duration of exposure to dehydrating conditions. The arboreal species, E. coqui, had a slightly higher rate of water loss and lower cutaneous resistance than the non-arboreal species, E. cooki. However, differences in cutaneous resistance and water loss were too small to explain differences in geographic distributions of these species. In both species, a decline in boundary layer resistance contributed to an increased rate of water loss at higher temperature.''BackgroundKnowledge of the factors that drive species distributions provides a fundamental baseline for several areas of research including biogeography, phylogeography and biodiversity conservation. Data from 148 minimally disturbed sites across a large drainage system in the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa were used to test the hypothesis that stream fishes have similar responses to environmental determinants of species distribution. Two complementary statistical approaches, boosted regression trees and hierarchical partitioning, were used to model the responses of four fish species to 11 environmental predictors, and to quantify the independent explanatory power of each predictor.ResultsElevation, slope, stream size, depth and water temperature were identified by both approaches as the most important causal factors for the spatial distribution of the fishes. However, the species showed marked differences in their responses to these environmental variables. Elevation and slope were of primary importance for the laterally compressed Sandelia spp. which had an upstream boundary below 430 m above sea level. The fusiform shaped Pseudobarbus was strongly influenced by stream width and water temperature. The small anguilliform shaped Galaxias was more sensitive to stream size and depth, and also penetrated into reaches at higher elevation than Sandelia spp. and Pseudobarbus hypothesis that stream fishes have a common response to environmental descriptors is rejected. The contrasting habitat associations of stream fishes considered in this study could be a reflection of their morphological divergence which may allow them to exploit specific habitats that differ in their environmental stressors. Findings of this study encourage wider application of complementary methods in ecological studies, as they provide more confidence and deeper insights into the variables that should be managed to achieve desired conservation outcomes.''The Amazon is one of the most speciose regions in the world. Yet there are still undescribed and misidentified species, and scarce information about the biology of the described species in the region. Here, we evaluate for the first time the existence of genetically differentiated lineages within the polytypic species Dendrexetastes rufigula, an endemic Amazonian lineage. We identified three major evolutionary independent units using both mitochondrial (Cytb and ND2) and nuclear (G3PDH, BF5 and MUSK) markers that roughly corresponded to currently recognized subspecies. Although we found strong statistical support for the reciprocal monophyly of D. r rufigula and D. r. devillei, we did not find reciprocal monophyly between D. r. moniliger and D. r. paraensis, which were paraphyletic. However, these two taxa grouped together in a clade with Bayesian but not bootstrap support. Moreover, clades D. r. rufigula, D. r. devillei, and D. r. moniliger/paraensis differed from each other by much higher mitochondrial genetic distances (between 1 and 2%), than that separating D. r. paraensis from D. r. moniliger (0.3 0.1%). We add molecular evidence to the morphological data supporting that D. r. rufigula and D. r. devillei are highly diagnostic taxa that could be regarded as two distinct species. Conversely, although D. r. moniliger and D. r. paraensis are both genetically and morphologically distinct from either D. r. rufigula or D. r. devillei, D. r. moniliger and D. r. paraensis cannot be considered mutually independent evolutionary lineages. This result is particularly important from a conservation perspective, since D. r. paraensis is considered threatened in Brazil. Our results support that at least three main evolutionary lineages deserving evolutionary species status exist in the Cinnamon- throated Woodcreeper, and that the endangered lineage in the area of endemism is a morphologically slightly distinct subset of a more widespread lineage endemic to southeastern Amazonia east of the Madeira River.''Are the national laws regulating access to genetic resources that countries have enacted in exercise of their sovereign rights accorded by the Convention on Biological Diversity jeopardising food security by failing to take into account the distinctive features of genetic resources for food and agriculture? If so what can be done about it? What are the obstacles to doing so? And how can they be overcome, especially in the context of the present ongoing negotiations for an international regime on access and benefits sharing under the biodiversity convention? This article examines the impact of the national access laws and other instruments on the free access and exchange of these genetic resources and hence on the maintenance of agricultural biological diversity upon which food security hinges so critically. It highlights the obstacles that stand in the way of developing countries facilitating access to their genetic resources and proposes a multilateral non-market-orientated approach to overcome them.''ContextGraph-theoretic evaluations of habitat connectivity often rely upon least-cost path analyses to evaluate connectedness of habitat patches, based on an underlying cost surface. We present two improvements upon these methods.ObjectivesAs a case study to test these methods, we evaluated habitat connectivity for the endangered San Martin titi monkey (Plecturocebus oenanthe) in north-central Peru, to prioritize habitat patches for conservation.MethodsFirst, rather than using a single least-cost path between habitat patches, we analyzed multigraphs made up of multiple low-cost paths. This allows us to differentiate between patches connected through a single narrow corridor, and patches connected by a wide swath of traversable land. We evaluate potential movement pathways by iteratively removing paths and recomputing connectivity metrics. Second, instead of performing a sensitivity analysis by varying costs uniformly across the landscape, we generated landscapes with spatially varying costs.ResultsThis approach produced a more informative assessment of connectivity than standard graph analyses. Of the 4340 habitat patches considered across the landscape, we identified the most important 100, those frequently ranked highly through repeated network modifications, for multiple metrics and cost surfaces.ConclusionsThese methods represent a novel approach for assessing connectivity, better accounting for spatial configurations of habitat patches and uncertainty in cost surfaces. The ability to identify habitat patches with more possible routes to other patches is of interest for resiliency planning and prioritization in the face of continued habitat loss and climate change. These methods should be broadly applicable to conservation planning for other wildlife species.''The environmental, socioeconomic and cultural significance of glaciers has motivated several countries to regulate activities on glaciers and glacierized surroundings. However, laws written to specifically protect mountain glaciers have only recently been considered within national political agendas. Glacier Protection Laws (GPLs) originate in countries where mining has damaged glaciers and have been adopted with the aim of protecting the cryosphere from harmful activities. Here, we analyze GPLs in Argentina (approved) and Chile (under discussion) to identify potential environmental conflicts arising from law restrictions and omissions. We conclude that GPLs overlook the dynamics of glaciers and could prevent or delay actions needed to mitigate glacial hazards (e.g. artificial drainage of glacial lakes) thus placing populations at risk. Furthermore, GPL restrictions could hinder strategies (e.g. use of glacial lakes as reservoirs) to mitigate adverse impacts of climate change. Arguably, more flexible GPLs are needed to protect us from the changing cryosphere.''This article is the ninth in the series of Fungal Diversity Notes, where 107 taxa distributed in three phyla, nine classes, 31 orders and 57 families are described and illustrated. Taxa described in the present study include 12 new genera, 74 new species, three new combinations, two reference specimens, a re-circumscription of the epitype, and 15 records of sexual-asexual morph connections, new hosts and new geographical distributions. Twelve new genera comprise Brunneofusispora, Brunneomurispora, Liua, Lonicericola, Neoeutypella, Paratrimmatostroma, Parazalerion, Proliferophorum, Pseudoastrosphaeriellopsis, Septomelanconiella, Velebitea and Vicosamyces. Seventy-four new species are Agaricus memnonius, A. langensis, Aleurodiscus patagonicus, Amanita flavoalba, A. subtropicana, Amphisphaeria mangrovei, Baorangia major, Bartalinia kunmingensis, Brunneofusispora sinensis, Brunneomurispora lonicerae, Capronia camelliae-yunnanensis, Clavulina thindii, Coniochaeta simbalensis, Conlarium thailandense, Coprinus trigonosporus, Liua muriformis, Cyphellophora filicis, Cytospora ulmicola, Dacrymyces invisibilis, Dictyocheirospora metroxylonis, Distoseptispora thysanolaenae, Emericellopsis koreana, Galiicola baoshanensis, Hygrocybe lucida, Hypoxylon teeravasati, Hyweljonesia indica, Keissleriella caraganae, Lactarius olivaceopallidus, Lactifluus midnapurensis, Lembosia brigadeirensis, Leptosphaeria urticae, Lonicericola hyaloseptispora, Lophiotrema mucilaginosis, Marasmiellus bicoloripes, Marasmius indojasminodorus, Micropeltis phetchaburiensis, Mucor orantomantidis, Murilentithecium lonicerae, Neobambusicola brunnea, Neoeutypella baoshanensis, Neoroussoella heveae, Neosetophoma lonicerae, Ophiobolus malleolus, Parabambusicola thysanolaenae, Paratrimmatostroma kunmingensis, Parazalerion indica, Penicillium dokdoense, Peroneutypa mangrovei, Phaeosphaeria cycadis, Phanerochaete australosanguinea, Plectosphaerella kunmingensis, Plenodomus artemisiae, P. lijiangensis, Proliferophorum thailandicum, Pseudoastrosphaeriellopsis kaveriana, Pseudohelicomyces menglunicus, Pseudoplagiostoma mangiferae, Robillarda mangiferae, Roussoella elaeicola, Russula choptae, R. uttarakhandia, Septomelanconiella thailandica, Spencermartinsia acericola, Sphaerellopsis isthmospora, Thozetella lithocarpi, Trechispora echinospora, Tremellochaete atlantica, Trichoderma koreanum, T. pinicola, T. rugulosum, Velebitea chrysotexta, Vicosamyces venturisporus, Wojnowiciella kunmingensis and Zopfiella indica. Three new combinations are Baorangia rufomaculata, Lanmaoa pallidorosea and Wojnowiciella rosicola. The reference specimens of Canalisporium kenyense and Tamsiniella labiosa are designated. The epitype of Sarcopeziza sicula is re-circumscribed based on cyto- and histochemical analyses. The sexual-asexual morph connection of Plenodomus sinensis is reported from ferns and Cirsium for the first time. In addition, the new host records and country records are Amanita altipes, A. melleialba, Amarenomyces dactylidis, Chaetosphaeria panamensis, Coniella vitis, Coprinopsis kubickae, Dothiorella sarmentorum, Leptobacillium leptobactrum var. calidus, Muyocopron lithocarpi, Neoroussoella solani, Periconia cortaderiae, Phragmocamarosporium hederae, Sphaerellopsis paraphysata and Sphaeropsis eucalypticola.''Certain patterns in soil bacterial diversity and community composition have become evident from metagenomics studies on a range of scales, from various parts of the world. For example, soil pH has generally been seen as dominating variation in bacterial diversity, above all other soil and climate parameters. It is important however to test the generality of these relationships by studying previously un-sampled areas. We compared soil bacterial diversity and community composition under a wide range of climatic and edaphic conditions in mountainous Yunnan Province, SW China. Soil samples were taken from a range of primary forest types and altitudes, reflecting the great variation of forest environments in this region. From each soil sample, DNA was extracted and pyrosequenced for bacterial 16S rRNA gene identification. In contrast to other recent studies from other parts of the world, pH was a weaker predictor of bacterial community composition and diversity than exchangeable Ca2+ concentration, and also the more poorly defined environmental parameter of elevation. Samples from within each forest type clustered strongly, showing the distinctive pattern of their microbial communities on a regional scale. It is clear that on a regional scale in a very heterogeneous environment, additional factors beyond pH can emerge as more important in determining bacterial diversity.''Late Quaternary environments have been studied by pollen analysis of lake sediments from the savannas of the Colombian Llanos Orientales at 180 m elevation. The pollen record form Laguna El Pinal dated by 6 AMS radiocarbon dates, starts at 18,290 14C yr B.P. The record from Laguna Carimagua also dated by 6 AMS dates, starts at 8270 14C yr B.P. Both records show a landscape dominated by grassland savanna with only few woody savanna taxa, such as Curatella and Byrsonima, frequent fires, and little occurrence of forest and/or gallery forest along the rivers. The savanna ecosystem at the studied sites was relatively stable during the last 18,000 yrs, but minor changes in floral composition, and in the proportion of savanna/forest, have been recorded. Very little gallery forest and the non permanent lake conditions of Laguna El Pinal reflect the driest period, interpreted to reflect low rainfall rates and long dry seasons during the Last Glacial Maximum until 10,690 14 C yr B.P. During the Late Glacial, Laguna El Pinal was a permanent shallow lake, and changed into a lake with higher water levels during the Holocene, indicating wetter conditions. Expansion of regional gallery forest also started at around 10,690 14C yr B.P. Little vegetational change observed in Laguna Carimagua at 5570 14 C yr B.P., in combination with a simultaneous decrease of savanna observed in previously studied lakes, suggest a change to regional wetter conditions. Thus, the Holocene before 5500 14 C yr B.P. was somewhat drier than the following period until about 3850 14C yr B.P. In both records, Late Holocene lake deposits are incomplete. Shore vegetation of Laguna Carimagua always included a minor contribution of the palms Mauritia and Mauritiella. The marked increase of palms during the last c. 3800 yrs points to increased human impact on the vegetation under the wettest Holocene climate regime.''There are, at the present time, effectively no long-range, ongoing programs in any tropical country of the western hemisphere dedicated to the improvement of cacao (Theobroma cacao, Sterculiaceae). While some effort is currently made to obtain new acquisitions of cacao cultivars exhibiting desirable characteristics and to maintain genepools of these trees, there are few data from field trials to prove and substantiate these qualities. In addition, there is a growing concern regarding the disparities between predicted yields of cacao trees through the use of seed and from actual production under field conditions. This has stimulated an awareness of the current inadequate understanding of the genetics of cacao and the lack of comprehension as to which cultivars, under distinct ecological conditions, are precocious, resistant to disease, or heavy bearing, or indeed demonstrate those traits vital to the success of farming programs adapted to market conditions.This paper examines the events that have led to the current status of selection, development, and breeding of cacao. Alternative approaches are suggested.''On the basis of eight atmospheric reanalyses, we analyzed the spatial-temporal characteristics of global evaporation and also briefly evaluated the eight reanalyses. The results indicate that the long-term mean annual evaporation obtained from different reanalyses are consistent over most regions, with significant maritime-continental contrasts, as well as differences in meridional directions, and the land evaporation generally decreases with the increase of altitude. In addition, the temporal evolution of global evaporation varies significantly among the datasets, MERRA, ERA-Interim, NCEP-NCRA, and NCEP-DOE are very similar, whereas CFSR agrees best with ERA-40. Comparison of the inter-annual to inter-decadal variability of land evaporation reveals large differences among the reanalyses, whereas MERRA, CFSR, and NCEP-DOE are exactly similar. The temporal variation of evaporation over the oceans showed a relatively high consistency, which indicates that the quality of the reconstructed evaporation values over the oceans is higher, and even greater uncertainties lie in the estimates of evaporation over the land. In general, MERRA and NCEP-DOE may appropriately reflect the spatial-temporal characteristics of global evaporation, showing strong representativeness. The CFSR and ERA-40 are capable of revealing the characteristics of land evaporation, whereas ERA-Interim, NCEP-NCAR, OAFlux, and HOAPS are relatively applicable for research focused on the evaporation over the oceans. According to ERA-40, NCEP-NCAR, and OAFlux, global evaporation significantly decreased for the period of In contrast, most of the eight reanalyses show a significant linear increase for the period of and evaporation over the oceans was even more pronounced. Furthermore, the results are presented for the mean annual cycle of global evaporation, the changes at the low latitudes in the Northern Hemisphere are most distinct, and the monthly variation amplitude of the land evaporation was higher than that of the evaporation over the oceans.''Forests with nitrogen-fixing trees typically accumulate more carbon (C) in soils than similar forests without trees. This difference may develop from fundamentally different processes, with either greater accumulation of recently fixed C or reduced decomposition of older soil C. We compared the soil C pools under with Eucalyptus at four tropical sites: two sites on Andisol soils in Hawaii and two sites on Vertisol and Entisol soils in Puerto Rico. Using stable carbon isotope techniques, we tracked the loss of the old soil organic C from the previous C4 land use (SOC4) and the gain of new soil organic C from the C3, and plantations (SOC3). Soils beneath trees sequestered 0.11 0.07 kg (mean one standard error) of total soil organic carbon (SOCT) compared with no change under Eucalyptus (0.00 0.07 kg P = 0.02). About 55% of the greater SOCT sequestration under the resulted from greater retention of old SOC4, and 45% resulted from greater accretion of new SOC3. Soil N accretion under the explained 62% of the variability of the greater retention of old SOC4 under the The greater retention of older soil C under trees is a novel finding and may be important for strategies that use reforestation or afforestation to offset C emissions.  ''Isolated-bout method to estimate the retention times and dispersal distances was applied to the seed dispersal by red howler monkeys (Alouatta seniculus) and woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha) in a lowland tropical forest at La Macarena, on the border of the Macarena and Tinigua National Parks, the Department of Meta, Colombia. Continuous observations were made on the feeding and ranging behavior of well-habituated troops of howler monkeys and woolly monkeys as well as continuous collection of feces. We selected out the as a feeding bout on the specific species that was only once recorded within 48 h before the seeds of that species appeared in the feces of monkeys. In that case, the seeds were strongly suggested to come from that isolated bout. Then retention times, route seed dispersal distances and direct seed dispersal distances were estimated. Howler monkeys, which are regarded as generalist herbivores, showed longer retention times and dispersal distances along route than did woolly monkeys, which are specialist frugivores. However, the direct distances that seeds were carried from the mother tree were not significantly greater for howler monkeys than for woolly monkeys. This shows that both retention time and movement patterns by the monkeys, especially the total ranging area, influence the direct distance that seeds are carried from the mother tree.''Forested soils are being increasingly transformed to agricultural fields in response to growing demands for food crop. This modification of the land use is known to result in deterioration of soil properties, in particular its fertility. To reduce the impact of the human activities and mitigate their effects on the soil, it is important to understand the factors responsible for the modification of soil properties. In this paper we reviewed the principal processes affecting soil quality during land use changes, focusing in particular on the effect of soil moisture dynamics on soil carbon (C) and nitrogen (N) cycles. Both physical and biological processes, including degradation of litter and humus, and soil moisture evolution at the diurnal and seasonal time scales were considered, highlighting the impact of hydroclimatic variability on nutrient turnover along with the consequences of land use changes from forest to agricultural soil and vice-versa. In order to identify to what extent different models are suitable for long-term predictions of soil turnover, and to understand whether some simulators are more suited to specific environmental conditions or ecosystems, we enumerated the principal features of the most popular existing models dealing with C and N turnover. Among these models, we considered in detail a mechanistic compartment-based model. To show the capabilities of the model and to demonstrate how it can be used as a predictive tool to forecast the effects of land use changes on C and N dynamics, four different scenarios were studied, intertwining two different climate conditions (with and without seasonality) with two contrasting soils having physical properties that are representative of forest and agricultural soils. The model incorporates synthetic time series of stochastic precipitation, and therefore soil moisture evolution through time. Our main findings in simulating these scenarios are that (1) forest soils have higher concentrations of C and N than agricultural soils as a result of higher litter decomposition; (2) high frequency changes in water saturations under seasonal climate scenarios are commensurate with C and N concentrations in agricultural soils; and (3) due to their different physical properties, forest soils attenuate the seasonal climate-induced frequency changes in water saturation, with accompanying changes in C and N concentrations. The model was shown to be capable of simulating the long term effects of modified physical properties of agricultural soils, being thus a promising tool to predict future consequences of practices affecting sustainable agriculture, such as tillage (leading to erosion), ploughing, harvesting, irrigation and fertilization, leading to C and N turnover changes and in consequence, in terms of agriculture production.''Crop diversity protects food consumption in poor households within developing nations. Here we estimate the association between crop diversity on swidden fields and ethnobotanical knowledge. We conducted research among 215 male household heads from a native Amazonian society. Using multivariate regressions, we found higher crop diversity among households that depend on agricultural production for household consumption. We also found a statistically significant and positive, but low, association between the ethnobotanical knowledge of the male household head and crop diversity. Doubling the stock of ethnobotanical knowledge of the male household head is associated with a 9% increase in the number of crops sown by a household. The association remained after we controlled for the household level of market exposure, but vanished after we controlled for the social capital of the male household head. Future research should compare the association between ethnobotanical knowledge and crop diversity across different agricultural systems (i.e., home gardens, fallow fields).''Scientific community has been elaborating to better understand the observed climate and its variations, and to improve the capability for predicting future climate. Many modeling groups participating in the Coupled Model Inter-comparison Project (CMIP) have been working towards multi-model ensemble approach that have become a standard technique for projecting future climate and for assessing associated uncertainties to deal with intrinsic shortcomings of climate models. Within this context, the National Institute of Meteorological Sciences/Korea Meteorological Administration (NIMS/KMA) has developed the KMA Advanced Community Earth-system model (K-ACE) under KMA-Met Office collaboration for climate research. This paper provides general descriptions of the first generation K-ACE model including the coupling strategy, as well as preliminary evaluations of the model performance in mean climate fields. The first generation K-ACE model appears to capture the mean climatology and the inter-annual variability of the observed climate. Horizontal distributions and the variability of the surface and pressure-level variables agree well with observations with correlation coefficients of and respectively. Measured in terms of performance index between the observed and simulated fields, the K-ACE performance is comparable with those of 29 CMIP5 models. This study also identifies key weaknesses of the K-ACE in the present-day climate. Improving these deficiencies will be a topic of future studies. The NIMS/KMA will employ the K-ACE model to contribute to the CMIP6 experiment.'apella, the black-capped or tufted capuchin, andSaimiri sciureus, the squirrel monkey, are frequently found in mixed species feeding and foraging groups throughout tropical South America and have been reported previously to show marked differences in techniques of insect foraging. Individuals of these taxa observed in central Surinam show numerous additional species-specific differences in other aspects of habitat utilization including gross dietary preferences, utilization of forest strata, locomotor behavior and arboreal support preferences.Cebus apella is more frugivorous, frequents the middle and lower levels of the main canopy, is predominantly quadrupedal and moves on medium-sized arboreal supports. By contrast, the smallerSaimiri sciureus is more insectivorous, frequents the lower strata of the forest, is more saltatory and moves on the smallest arboreal supports. Many of these differences in habitat use are interrelated and accord with patterns of habitat use seen in other primate taxa. The differences betweenCebus apella andSaimiri sciureus also accord with the types of behavioral differences frequently associated with differences in body size.''From the forest edge to the forest interior, a small-scale gradient in the microclimate exists. Little is known about its influence on the abundance, diversity and morphological traits of insects in Amazonian forests, a major component of global terrestrial diversity. Our study investigates these traits in Arctiinae and Geometridae moths at the interior and the edge of a Peruvian lowland rainforest (Panguana field station, Puerto Inca Province). A total of 1286 Arctiinae and 2012 Geometridae specimens were collected, sorted according to DNA barcodes and identified using relevant type material. assemblages at the forest edge differed significantly in their composition. At the forest edge, small-sized taxa (Lithosiini, Sterrhinae, Geometrinae) were less abundant whereas larger-sized Arctiini were more abundant. Moths were significantly larger at the forest edge than inside the forest, and these differences hold at subfamily and tribal level, possibly reflecting moth mobility, and abiotic conditions of habitats: larger moths might better tolerate desiccating conditions than smaller moths. A larger proportion of females was found at the forest edge, probably due to differences in the dispersal activity among sexes and/or in the tolerance to desiccation due to size. Our results revealed the edge effect on two rich herbivorous taxa in the Amazon basin. We provide a fully illustrated catalogue of all species as a baseline for further study and conservation purposes.''Five primate species were observed in an 83 hectare study site in northern Colombia. They wereAlouatta seniculus, Aotus trivirgatus, Ateles belzebuth hybridus, Cebus albifrons, andSaguinus leucopus. Average group size for the four diurnal species ranged from 5.3 individuals per sighting forCebus to 3.3 forAlouatta andAteles. BecauseCebus utilized regenerating forest, mature stands as well as cultivated sectors, they were able to use 30% more of the study site than the larger cebids. Monkey sightings along transects peaked at and and were lowest between for the four diurnal cebids. The hourly rate of sighting the large cebids was times greater for the point method than the transect method, but was less forCebus andSaguinus. However, consistently higher crude density estimates were obtained by the transect method than by the point method. As expected, there was less discrepancy between census methods for the large cebids which regularly utilized the upper canopy. The point method was barely 20% as effective as the transect method for estimating crude densities ofCebus andSaguinus. Factors influencing the effectiveness of the two census techniques as monkey detection and visibility, climatic conditions, and length of study are discussed. Recommendations for improving censusing effectiveness are listed.'studied a group of woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha)for 1800 hr from early 1985 until September 1987 near the lower Apaporis river of the Department in the eastern Colombian Amazon. The group had an activity budget of 29.9% rest, 38.8% move, 25.8% forage, and 5.5% other activities during 720 hr of observations evenly spaced throughout this year. The only significant change in these activities during the study period was social activity, which increased as a function of increased food supply. Average diurnal activities of resting and moving are negatively correlated, and each activity show significant changes during the day, while foraging show no significant change. The activity budgets of the adult males and females are not significantly different, but the activities of the juveniles and infants showed much more social activity than the adults. High moving scores may be correlated with the comparative infertility of the soils of the forest, which require increased effort to maintain the energy levels necessary for maintenance and reproduction in Lagothrix.''The similarity of lichenized fungal species composition among the 35 floristic regions recognized by Takhtajan was calculated, based on checklists of 132 geographical units and a first draft of a global checklist of lichens and allied fungi (which lists 18,882 species) to assess biogeographic and biodiversity patters of lichenized fungi. A nearest-neighbour cluster analysis of pair-wise comparisons of species composition data (Jaccard index of similarity) from these geographical units is presented. Four main geographical regions were identified: holarctic, subantarctic/Australian, oceanian, and pantropical. Possible changes of the global species number caused by increasing availability of molecular data are discussed. A prospect on future developments of lichen biodiversity research is provided.''BackgroundThe Orinoco crocodile (Crocodylus intermedius) is the largest crocodile and the most threatened by extinction in the Neotropics due to overexploitation for the skin trade during the twentieth century. Knowledge of their ecology is poor in Colombia because long-term armed conflict has restricted fieldwork. In 2015, we reintroduced four captive-reared adult crocodiles, each equipped with a Sirtrack KiwiSat 202 satellite transmitter and monitored their movements from 2015 to 2018.ResultsSeasonal movements were as far in males and in females. Home ranges were as large as for males and for females for a single year and and respectively, for males and females over Spatial ecological patterns changed drastically by season, with males increasing their home range and females reducing home range during the wet season. We confirmed that daily activity patterns defined as measure by number of locations across the day were not influenced by season.ConclusionsWe believe that seasonal changes in the size and shape of home ranges were associated with patrolling or exploratory behaviors after release, while daily activity behavior was independent of season, sex or size of the animal.''Distribution of ungulates is regulated by natural factors, such as presence of other species, climate, and habitat variability, as well as human activities, including livestock grazing and mining. Understanding the spatial dynamics of landscape use can help solve problems of access to key resources by native herbivores. Laguna Brava Reserve is a protected area of Argentina where the two wild South American camelids, guanacos and coexist with cattle, mules, horses, and goats. Information about the effects of livestock and mining activities, which are widespread throughout the region, on wild camelids is scarce. We used variable-width transects to determine the distribution of guanacos, equids, and cattle in relation to five habitat types defined according to vegetation and topography in the reserve. We carried out a correspondence analysis between the proportion of groups observed in and the proportion of area occupied by each habitat, and a goodness of fit test to establish if camelids and livestock selected a particular habitat type. were associated with grasslands at high altitudes while guanacos and livestock were associated with shrublands at lower elevations. This coevolutionary segregation between guanacos and possibly reduced competition between the two species. Competition between camelids and livestock is probably low because of the low density of livestock. Vegas were preferred by all species year round but used more intensively in summer. In order to conserve the wild camelids of the region, governments must implement measures to conserve the critical habitat provided by the vegas.''Bats are important ecosystem service providers, and therefore most relevant for both lowland and highland habitats, particularly in the tropics. Yet, it is poorly understood to what extent they perform large-scale movements, especially movements along mountain slopes. Here, we studied the movement ecology of the potentially migratory species Miniopterus natalensis at Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. We analysed stable isotope ratios of C N and H in keratin of sedentary frugivorous and insectivorous bats captured between 800 and above sea level to establish elevational gradients of stable isotope ratios in consumer tissues. We expected correlations between stable isotope ratios of the non-exchangeable portion of H in fur keratin and the elevation of capture site, but not necessarily for and Yet, in bats of both feeding ensembles, we found of fur keratin to correlate positively with the elevation of capture sites but not In frugivorous bats, increased with increasing capture elevation as well. By looking at intra-individual variation of and in fur keratin and wing membrane tissues of sedentary Rhinolophus cf. clivosus and of the potentially migratory species M. natalensis, we gathered evidence that migrates seasonally between low and high elevations along the slopes of Mount Kilimanjaro. Finally, based on an isoscape origin model we estimated that captured before and after the cold period at around above sea level originated from around a.s.l. or lower. Thus, we received convergent results in support of seasonal elevational movements of M. natalensis, probably in search for cold hibernacula at higher elevations of Mount Kilimanjaro.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Economic development has increased pressures on natural resources during the last decades. The concept of planetary boundaries has been developed to propose limits on human activities based on earth processes and ecological thresholds. However, this concept was not developed to downscale planetary boundaries to sub-global level. The absence of boundaries at sub-global levels constrains the use of the concept in environmental governance and natural resource management, because decisions are typically taken at these levels. Decisions at the national level are currently supported, among others, by statistical frameworks in particular the System of National Accounts. However, statistical frameworks were not developed to compile environmental information, hindering environmental decision making. Our study examines if and how ecosystem accounting can be used in combination with the concept of planetary boundaries in guiding human activities at the level of a river basin. We assess the applicability of both frameworks for natural resource management in the Orinoco river basin, based on adaptive management components. Our analysis indicates that differences in the purpose of analysis, information provided, and methods constrain the potential integration of both frameworks. Nevertheless, the way both frameworks conceptualize the social system and the interactions between social and ecological systems can facilitate translating planetary boundaries into indicators considered in ecosystem accounting. The information recorded in national ecosystem accounts can support establishing ecological thresholds and, more fundamentally, to relate ecological thresholds to human impacts on ecosystem condition. Capitalizing on these synergies requires further exchange of experiences between the communities working on ecosystem accounting and planetary boundaries.'Abstract not available'The introduced vine,Passiflora mollissima (Bailey), poses a threat to unique natural forest areas in Hawaii. While biological control is desirable, the proximity of the crop plant,P. edulis requires control agents to be highly specific.Passiflora-specialist heliconiine butterflies may exhibit this necessary specificity. We examine the potential for heliconiines as pests and control agents ofPassiflora and report preliminary laboratory and field observations on host and habitat specificity.''During the Quaternary, in particular during glacial times, different grassland ecosystems played a much larger role and had a significantly larger distribution. Little is known yet about past development, biodiversity and dynamics of grassland ecosystems. In this innovative study, we attempt to distinguish between different South American grassland types in space and time based on morphological pollen grain characteristics of Poaceae. For this purpose Poaceae pollen grains of 20 grassland samples were measured using their length, width and pore diameter as well as annulus width. Samples were taken from five sites in wet vegetation from the Late Pleistocene to the Late Holocene in South Ecuador and from two sites in the south-eastern Brazilian highlands (Campos do Altitude) of the same period. Additionally, we investigated two samples from a Pampa site as well as six samples from one Campos grassland site in southern Brazil from the Late Pleistocene to the Late Holocene. Subsets of samples of the Campos grasslands and of the were investigated in order to retrieve more detailed information on patterns within these vegetation types. Multivariate data analysis of the complete data set shows changes in taxonomic composition along an elevational gradient in the grasslands. Our results reveal a highly dynamic development of the individual grassland types; they also provide interesting information on Poaceae taxa composition patterns, development and possibly changes in biodiversity within these ecosystems. Moreover, our data provide an indication about the origin and dynamics of the Campos ecosystems in the southern Brazilian highlands during the Late Pleistocene and the Holocene before and after the onset of human activities.''Despite their importance as ecological indicators of anthropic perturbation, most of our knowledge about Neotropical dung beetles (Coleoptera: Scarabaeinae) is derived from studies conducted at the community level. To date, at a global scale, there is still incipient knowledge about the population ecology of the Scarabeinae species. The study of these insects at the population level offers new data pertaining to demographic aspects such as population size and adult longevity in the field. On the 6th of August 2017, within a patch of a cloud forest in the municipality of La Celia in Risaralda, Colombia, we recaptured a male specimen of Dichotomius aff. alyattes Harold that was marked ago, on the 15th of May 2012. The individual was marked with a number 8 on its right elytron and it was recaptured in the same patch forest, which has been sampled since 2008. After an exhaustive review of the field information and literature, this data represents the longest recorded longevity known for Scarabaeinae. Beyond being a fortuitous event, this recapture prompts a review of our ideas regarding the reproductive biology and vulnerability of dung beetle species in landscapes of high anthropic demand, with an emphasis on Neotropical species.''A new species, Eschweilera correae, is described and illustrated. This species grows in cloud forests of the Talamanca Mountains in Panama and Costa Rica at m elevation. In this paper E. correae is described, and information on common names, ecology, distribution, phenology, dispersal, pollination, etymology, field characters, and conservation status according to IUCN criteria is provided.''The high biological diversity of tropical forests has been attributed to various biogeographic mechanisms promoting diversification. Among these, the riverine barrier hypothesis postulates that populations of a species that become isolated on opposite sites of a major river may gradually diverge to form separate lineages. Brown spider monkeys (Ateles hybridus) are Critically Endangered primates are currently distributed along both banks of the Magdalena River in Colombia. Based on their pelage coloration, populations of A. hybridus on opposite sides of the river have been proposed to belong to two different subspecies: A. h. brunneus on the west bank and A. h. hybridus on the east bank. We sequenced portions of the noncoding HVI region of the mitochondrial D-loop (N = 41) and the COII gene (N = 35) from a total of 51 individuals from populations along both banks of the Magdalena River with the goal of evaluating the role of the river as a barrier to gene flow in this endangered primate. Mitochondrial DNA haplotypes were shared between populations on both banks and we found no evidence of highly structured populations occupying opposite banks of the river, suggesting that the Magdalena River has not acted as an insurmountable barrier for brown spider monkeys. Population genetic analyses also reveal likely gene flow between banks, and only a minor portion of the genetic variation currently found in brown spider monkeys can be explained by the river acting as a barrier or by isolation by distance. Our study provides evidence suggesting that the Magdalena River has not acted as a major barrier influencing the evolution of brown spider monkeys and suggests that the subspecific taxonomy of one of the most endangered primates in the world may need reexamination.'Abstract not available'The sixth BMC Ecology Image Competition received more than 145 photographs from talented ecologists around the world, showcasing the amazing biodiversity, natural beauty and biological interactions found in nature. In this editorial, we showcase the winning images, as selected by our guest judge, Professor Zhigang Jiang from the Institute of Zoology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, with help from the editorial board. Enjoy!''The South American country of Chile has been subjected to relatively few invasions in historic times. In comparison to the ca 610 vertebrate species found in continental Chile, only 24 species (3.9%) have invaded the country. Except for two bird and two or three mammal species that expanded their range and crossed the Andean Ranges from Argentina, the remaining 20 species were all introduced, or aided, by humans. Of the 24 invader species that currently occur in Chile, 11 (46%) were first introduced in central Chile, two (8%) in the northern part of the country, nine (38%) in the southern part, and two (8%) in Juan Archipelago. For ten (42%) of those species there is no information about their effects on the native flora, vegetation, or fauna. For eight species (33%), the information regarding the effects of the invaders is anecdotal. For six species (25%), there is adequate quantitative documentation available on their effects. Of a total of seven convincingly repo rted cases, two involve positive effects (increase in the prey base for native predators) and five have negative effects, of which three are on native vegetation and the remaining two on native fauna.'Abstract not available'The interception of rainfall by vegetation and the subsequent evaporation of intercepted water from the canopy surface play an important role in hydrological processes, and the water and energy balance of forest ecosystems. Spatial variability of interception has different effects on water yield from watersheds located in different climatic and biome regions. In order to explain the spatial patterns of interception, we adopted grid-sampling method to install rain-gauges to measure throughfall. Results show that the coefficient of variation (Cv) of throughfall tends to decline as rain intensity increases. After the canopy is saturated, Cv of throughfall remained at a constant value, which is close to the Cv of the canopy leaf area index (LAI) value 0.18. Thus, the Cv of LAI is regarded as the extremum of that of throughfall. Because of the special characteristic of Chinese pine (Pinus tabulaeformis), and the lower droopy branches, negative values for interception account for only 13% of the total samples. Furthermore, the max is above 70% of gross rainfall.''BackgroundSpecies richness and composition pattern of amphibians along elevation gradients in eastern Nepal Himalaya are rarely investigated. This is a first ever study in the Himalayan elevation gradient, the highest mountain range and are highly sensitive to the effects of recent global changes. The aim of the present study was to assess amphibian community structure along elevation gradients and identify the potential drivers that regulate community structures. Amphibian assemblages were sampled within in both 2014 and 2015 (from May to July) using nocturnal time constrained and acoustic aids visual encounter surveys. In total, 79 transects between 78 and asl were sampled within field work. A combination of polynomial regression, generalized linear models, hierarchical partitioning and canonical correspondence analysis were used to determine the effects of elevation and environmental variables on species richness, abundance, and composition of amphibian communities.ResultsSpecies richness and abundance declined linearly with increasing elevation, which did not support the Mid-Domain Model. Among all the environmental variables, elevation, surface area and humidity were the best predictors of species richness, abundance and composition of amphibians. The majority of amphibian species had narrow elevation ranges. There was no significant correlation between species range size and elevation gradients. However, body size significantly increased along elevation gradients, indicating that rule is valid for amphibians in eastern Nepal Himalaya.ConclusionsThis study indicates that eastern Nepal Himalaya is a hotspot in amphibian diversity, and it should be served as a baseline for management and conservation activities.''Food system sustainability depends, among other aspects, on the resilience of different components of food systems. By resilience, we mean the ability of a food system to withstand stress and shocks, recover, and adapt to change. In this study, we examined the resilience of food systems, firstly, by compiling the risks perceived by different food system actors in the Santa Cruz Department, Bolivia, and the northwestern Mount Kenya Region, regions that are important to their respective national food supply. Secondly, we evaluated whether and under what circumstances these perceptions translate into adaptive or preventive strategies that benefit food system resilience. Among all actors, the most frequently perceived risks relate to production levels. Further, the many (sometimes contradictory) perceptions of risk and uncertainty among different actor groups do not necessarily translate into adaptation strategies. Reasons for this include structural factors as well as the perception particularly regarding preventive strategies. However, we also observed many implicit strategies illustrating how different actors develop responses within their possibilities. However, most such strategies were insufficient to mitigate, much less to adapt to, the perceived risks. To build resilience, existing innovative policies need to be enforced in both countries. These include disaster risk reduction programs and programs to reduce the vulnerability of marginalized groups who are crucial to food systems, such as smallholder farmers, pastoralists, and food workers.''Developing countries with a rich biodiversity want to control the use of this natural patrimony, especially in the research of natural compounds of pharmaceutical interest. Here we present the organization of six permanent plots in a mountain tropical forest on the east side of the Andean Cordillera in Bolivia, and their role in the discovery of plants with antiplasmodial or antileishmanial activities. Permanent plots are widely used in ecological survey, but rarely in bioprospecting. This set-up allows Bolivian authorities to control the bioprospecting, and facilitates further chemical studies on the bioactive plants.''This is the first time aspects of the ethnobotany of East Timor have been reported. The medicinal plant traditions of two distinct East Timorese cultures, the Laklei and Idate, were studied and compared using quantitative ethnobotanical methods. A total of 86 medicinal plant species were identified. The medicinal plant traditions of the Laklei and Idate cultures were compared using Trotter and (1986) quantitative agreement On average, informant consensus was greater in Laklei, suggesting a medicinal plant tradition that is more defined than in Idate, where informants are more likely to use the same medicinal plants when treating the same usage categories. Furthermore, only 11 of the 86 medicinal plant species documented were used by both cultures, of which only six had similar mentions. These findings have important implications for the understanding of ethnobotany as they demonstrate how relatively closely situated cultural groups can have significantly different traditional knowledge systems.''Main to significant contributions of orphan crops in the economy of the developing world, scientific studies need to be promoted on these little researched but vital crops of smallholder farmers and security is the main challenge in the developing world, particularly in the least developed countries. Orphan crops play a vital role in the food security and livelihood of resource-poor farmers and consumers in these countries. Like major crops, there are members of all food legumes, vegetables and root and tuber crops, that are considered to be orphan crops. Despite their huge importance for present and future agriculture, orphan crops have generally received little attention by the global scientific community. Due to this, they produce inferior yields in terms of both quantity and quality. The major bottlenecks affecting the productivity of these crops are little or no selection of improved genetic traits, extreme environmental conditions and unfavorable policy. However, some orphan crops have recently received the attention of the global and national scientific community where advanced research and development initiatives have been launched. These initiatives which implement a variety of genetic and genomic tools targeted major constraints affecting productivity and/or nutritional quality of orphan crops. In this paper, some of these initiatives are briefly described. Here, I provide key suggestions to relevant stakeholders regarding improvement of orphan crops. Concerted efforts are urgently needed to advance the research and development of both the major and orphan crops so that food security will be achieved and ultimately the livelihood of the population will be improved.''Researchers have developed several indices to estimate the significance of plant species for humans. We build on previous methods in ethnobotany and anthropology to develop a new way to value plant species along three dimensions: cultural, practical, and economic. We used interview and observational data on the use of wild plants by the a foraging-horticultural society in the Bolivian Amazon. We calculated the cultural, practical, economic, and total values of 114 plant species from 46 families. We found a low correlation between the practical and the cultural values of species: some species rarely used were frequently mentioned in interviews, whereas some species frequently used were rarely mentioned in interviews. Indices of cultural, practical, and economic value measure different dimensions of the importance of plant species to society. The combination of the three indices offers a more comprehensive valuation of the significance of plants for humans than the use of only one index.'"Despite emerging appreciations of contextual knowledge systems, elements of diversity in mountain farming systems are often characterized as irrational and as obstacles to achieving the production goals of 'modernized' agriculture. In this paper, I suggest that these negative representations are produced at least in part as a function of the normalization of a large-scale agriculture as rational. A case-study of a mountain farming system in the Karakoram mountains of northern Pakistan is presented to expose a contextual rationality in relation to risk minimization and to challenge characterizations of this system as 'backward,' unsophisticated and irrational. Specifically I examine the risk mediating characteristics of practices such as field dispersal, delayed planting, intercropping, and polyvarietal planting and conclude that the characteristic feature of this local farming system is a contextually rational diversity. This conflicts with the modernist paradigm of rationality and economic growth subscribed to by a local development agency. Intervention based on ill-informed interpretations of practice have the potential to increase vulnerability of villagers by failing to appreciate the contextual rationality of diversity."'Forest conversion due to illegal logging and agricultural expansion is a major problem that is hampering biodiversity conservation efforts in the Zagros region. Yet, areas vulnerable to forest conversion are unknown. This study aims to predict the spatial distribution of deforestation in western Iran. Landsat images dated 1988, 2001, and 2007 are classified in order to generate digital deforestation maps which locate deforestation and forest persistence areas. Meanwhile, in order to examine deforestation investigation, deforestation maps with physiographic and human spatial variables are entered into the model. Areas vulnerable to forest changes in the Zagros forest region are predicted by a multilayer perceptron neural network (MLPNN) with a Markov chain model. The results show that about forest areas are deforested in the last The predictive performance of the model appears successful, which is validated using the actual land cover map of the same year from Landsat data. The validated map is found to be accurate. The validation is also tested using the relative operating characteristic approach which yielded a value of 0.96. The model is then further extended to predict forest cover losses for 2020. The MLPNN approach was found to have a great potential to predict land use/land cover changes because it permits developing complex, nonlinear models.''In a general study of banana passion fruit genetic resources, diversity was analyzed in the two main cultigens, P. tripartita var. mollissima and P. tarminiana, and their closest wild relative, P. mixta, scoring isozyme bands (IDH,PGM,ACP,PGD,DIA,andPRX) on288 plants from 31 accessions. Polymorphismandallelic richness, Nei diversity indices, and neighbor joining clustering showed that variation was poor in the cultigens in northern and central Colombia, while P. mixta appeared much more polymorphic. The populations of P. tripartita var. mollissima and P. mixta from southern Colombia and Ecuador show higher diversity values and are clearly differentiated from those of central and northern Colombia. This geographic component of variation is even stronger than the interspecific one, which suggests a close relation and a regular gene flow between these two species. In contrast, all the accessions of P. tarminiana constitute a clearly differentiated group, even if some introgression with P. tripartita var. mollissima is also suspected. The high variation observed in the southern region indicates the proximity of a center of diversity for banana passion fruit and collecting in Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia is recommended. The high diversity of P. mixta and the evidence of gene flow with P. tripartita var. mollissima constitute a favorable context for the implementation of in situ conservation strategies.''When trying to assess entomological diversity, identifying taxa at levels higher than species is much easier and may provide a wider vision of other ecological features. In this work, we used the data from several samplings made in across six cacao farms in state (Venezuela). Farms fell into two categories according to intensity of perturbation. In these samplings we identified all parasitoid Hymenoptera families. All individuals belonging to families Ichneumonidae, Braconidae and Chalcididae were sorted to subfamilies and then to morphospecies. The accuracy of subfamilies richness to predict the species richness and to detect differences in the conservation status of plantations was tested. The species aggregation according to the sampling size was also explored. The three families this study was focused on represented of the total sampling, comprising 40 subfamilies and 393 morphospecies. Results showed a significant high positive correlation between subfamilies and species richness, and species/subfamilies ratio was about 4.5:1, with logarithmic relationship with sampling size tending to stabilisation at sizes greater than 15 individuals per sampling day. Subfamily richness detected the nearly-significant differences in plantations with the same accuracy as species richness, and therefore surrogacy effectiveness of parasitoid Hymenoptera subfamilies richness may be accepted for cacao plantations.''Identifying the drivers that explain the distribution of tropical coastal fishes remains a central goal in biogeography. However, a lack of comparisons with standardized data still prevents more robust generalizations. Here, we assess if general assembly rules apply in two intertidal mangrove fish assemblages from different biogeographical regions (Tropical Eastern Pacific and Western Atlantic). Using multivariate analyses on field data collected for about 1 year at each location, we examined if different community attributes (species richness, taxonomic, and trophic composition, density, and catch mass) varied temporally (according to rhythms) and spatially (salinity gradients and between biogeographical regions). Similar total fish species richness (ca. 50 species) mirrored the regional species richness of coastal fishes in these regions. Pufferfishes (Tetraodontidae) and catfishes (Ariidae) dominated (in catch mass) fish assemblages in both regions. Closely related species within these families responded in similar ways to changes suggesting the existence of a phylogenetic signal in temporal niche use. The strength of the influence of forces determining fish habitat use were likely related to differences in mangrove topography. The biogeography of the adjacent freshwater fish fauna could explain differences in taxonomic and trophic composition between regions. Our results highlight the role that dynamics play in influencing the structure of fish assemblages in macrotidal areas, and suggest that considering the regional biogeographical history and the local seascape configurations could help to explain differences in mangrove fish assemblage structure across regions.''The exposure of fresh sulfide-rich lithologies by the retracement of the Nevado Pastoruri glacier (Central Andes, is increasing the presence of heavy metals in the water as well as decreasing the pH, producing an acid rock drainage (ARD) process in the area. We describe the microbial communities of an extreme ARD site in National Park as well as their correlation with the water physicochemistry. Microbial biodiversity was analyzed by FLX 454 sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene. The suggested geomicrobiological model of the area distinguishes three different zones. The proglacial zone is located in the upper part of the valley, where the ARD process is not evident yet. Most of the OTUs detected in this area were related to sequences associated with cold environments (i.e., psychrotolerant species of Cyanobacteria or Bacteroidetes). After the proglacial area, an ARD-influenced zone appeared, characterized by the presence of phylotypes related to acidophiles (Acidiphilium) as well as other species related to acidic and cold environments (i.e., acidophilic species of Chloroflexi, Clostridium and Verrumicrobia). Sulfur- and iron-oxidizing acidophilic bacteria (Acidithiobacillus) were also identified. The post-ARD area was characterized by the presence of OTUs related to microorganisms detected in soils, permafrost, high mountain environments, and deglaciation areas (Sphingomonadales, Caulobacter or Comamonadaceae).'Abstract not available'The circumscription of Bignoniaceae genera and tribes has undergone major changes following an increased understanding of phylogenetic relationships within the family. While DNA sequence data have repeatedly reconstructed major clades within the family, some of the clades recovered still lack diagnostic morpho-anatomical features, complicating their recognition. In this study we investigated the wood anatomy of all major lineages of Bignoniaceae (except Tourrettieae) in search for anatomical synapomorphies for clades. We sampled 158 species of Bignoniaceae, representing 67 out of the 82 genera currently recognized. Detailed descriptions of quantitative and qualitative wood anatomical features are presented for each clade and interpreted in the light of a molecular phylogeny for the family. Jacarandae are characterized by a paratracheal winged-aliform parenchyma, with the traditional subdivision of Jacaranda into sections Monolobos and Dilobos supported by the uniseriate and homocellular rays of Monolobos versus the wide and heterocellular rays of Dilobos. Tecomeae s.s. are characterized by scanty paratracheal parenchyma, septate fibers, and heterocellular rays, traits also found in Delostoma, a genus previously included in Tecomeae s.l., but recently shown to represent a separate lineage. Crescentiina includes two sub-clades, the Tabebuia alliance and the Paleotropical clade, which share abundant aliform parenchyma, short and mainly homocellular rays, less commonly with heterocellular rays with body procumbent and one row of marginal square cells. Members of the Tabebuia alliance and the Paleotropical clade can be distinguished from each other by the narrow vessels with a widespread storied structure found in members of the Tabebuia alliance, versus the vessels with medium to wide width and a non-storied structure found in members of the Paleotropical clade. Oroxyleae are characterized by a combination of simple and foraminate perforation plates and homocellular rays, while Catalpeae are characterized by scanty paratracheal parenchyma, abundant tyloses and vessel-ray pits simple to semi-bordered. Bignonieae differ from all other clades by a variant secondary growth and a typically lianoid wood anatomy. Overall, wood anatomical characters are not very labile within the family, being distributed across clades in a very predictive manner. Several anatomical characters represent good anatomical synapomorphies and provide further support to clades identified in molecular phylogenetic studies.''Over the last half-century, quality control standards have had the perverse effect of restricting the circulation of non-commercially bred vegetable cultivars in Britain. Recent European and British legislation attempts to compensate for this loss of agrodiversity by relaxing genetic purity standards and the cost of seed marketing for designated and varieties. Drawing on fieldwork conducted at a British allotment site, this article cautions against bringing genetically heterogeneous cultivars into the commercial sphere. Such a move may intensify the horticultural of British allotment gardeners, who have come to rely on commercial seed catalogs as sources of germplasm and knowledge. Horticultural deskilling also entails the delegation of seed selection activities to professional breeders and the potential loss of agrodiversity. The activities of dedicated seed savers who save and circulate the seed of genetically heterogeneous varieties, in a manner similar to the management of landraces in the global South, may provide a better model for attempts to safeguard vegetable diversity in the global North.''The objective of this study is to develop a unique modeling approach for fast assessment of massive soil erosion by water at a regional scale in the Loess Plateau, China. This approach relies on an understanding of both regional patterns of soil loss and its impact factors in the plateau area. Based on the regional characteristics of precipitation, vegetation and land form, and with the use of Landsat TM and ground investigation data, the entire Loess Plateau was first divided into 3 380 Fundamental Assessment Units (FAUs) to adapt to this regional modeling and fast assessment. A set of easily available parameters reflecting relevant water erosion factors at a regional scale was then developed, in which dynamic and static factors were discriminated. ArcInfo GIS was used to integrate all essential data into a central database. A resulting mathematical model was established to link the sediment yields and the selected variables on the basis of FAUs through overlay in GIS and multiple regression analyses. The sensitivity analyses and validation results show that this approach works effectively in assessing large area soil erosion, and also helps to understand the regional associations of erosion and its impact factors, and thus might significantly contribute to planning and policymaking for a large area erosion control in the Loess Plateau.''We performed a gap analysis of protected area networks in Italy to assess the representativeness of potential natural vegetation (PNV) types of the European Natura 2000 network compared with the National Protected Area network. In this context, the PNV map, reflecting the diversity and spatial arrangement of the natural terrestrial ecosystems, can be considered as an appropriate proxy of environmental and biogeographical diversity of Italy. In this country, 775 protected areas are registered in the Official List of Protected Areas (OLPA), 2281 sites are listed as Sites of Community Interest and 590 as Special Protection Areas, constituting the Natura 2000 network. The adopted conservation target considered that any PNV type included for less than the 10% in the PAs network (OLPA, Natura 2000) was defined as a gap in the system. In particular we defined four categories of PNV protection: any PNV types with a representation of less than 10% in both the OLPA and N2000 was defined as a (i.e., under-protected); any PNV type with a representation of less than 10% in either the OLPA or the N2000 was defined as a any PNV type with a representation of between 10 and 50% in both the OLPA and N2000 was defined as lastly, any PNV type with a representation of more than 50% in both the OLPA and N2000 was defined as Digital overlays of PNV and PAs networks were separately performed and statistics produced, indicating the current state of protection of Potential Natural Vegetation types in the two networks (OLPA and Natura 2000). We found that more than 59% of PNV types recognized on the Italian territory is not protected by the OLPA network. On the contrary, regarding Natura 2000 network, 68% of PNV types are protected, accounting for 27% more than OLPA. Compared to the National network of OLPA, the European network Natura 2000 is characterized by a larger percentage of territory in terms of area (18% of the Italian territory for Natura 2000 vs 10% of OLPA) but also by a smaller size of the sites, allowing for a more coherent distribution and efficiency in the protection of habitat remnants (68% PNV types protected by Natura 2000 vs 41% by OLPA). The proposed PNV approach can help guiding decisions on where and how to spend scarce conservation management resources.''The endemic elaphoglossoid ferns, Elaphoglossum dimorphum, E. nervosum and Microstaphyla furcata of St Helena, form a closely related group within section Lepidoglossa when analysed phylogenetically using sequences from the chloroplast trnL intron (partial) and trnL-F intergenic spacer. Microstaphyla furcata, traditionally placed in its own genus, is clearly shown to belong to Elaphoglossum confirming the previous transfer of this species to Elaphoglossum as E. bifurcatum. There is hardly any trnL-F sequence divergence between the species, in fact sequences of E. nervosum and are identical. These results are consistent with the possible origin of E. dimorphum as a hybrid between E. bifurcatum and E. nervosum or with the view that the three species are the result of a recent radiation. The potential conflict between phylogenetic and morphological distinctness in determining species conservation priorities is discussed.''The Amazonian grey brocket deer (Mazama nemorivaga) is a large mammal species that until now has been assumed to be limited to the Amazon region and has not been categorized to be threatened. In this study, we provide evidences, obtained by camera traps and faecal DNA, of the existence of two populations of this species in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, more than a thousand kilometres away from its assumed distribution limit. Furthermore, we employed genetic analysis to identify the collected faecal samples using detection dogs in six protected areas that were within of the first photographic records. Phylogenetic analysis, performed on hair samples, indicated that these populations were genetically related to the M. nemorivaga population of the western Amazon. The discovery of these populations emphasizes the importance of noninvasive techniques for species detection of elusive or rare populations. It is necessary to re-evaluate the conservation status of this species, with special attention to the detected populations (Linhares-Sooretama forest complex and the Una Biological Reserve). The conservation of these two new populations of evolutionarily significant units is urgent, and we recommend the adoption of measures against highly impacting deer threats, such as hunting and predation by domestic dogs. Finally, before any drastic population management is taken, it is necessary to determine whether there is historical or recent genetic isolation among the M. nemorivaga populations of the Atlantic Forest.'ecosystems are vital to human well-being and are increasingly recognised as critical to supporting efforts to adapt to climate change. The governing bodies of the Convention on Biological Diversity and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change are encouraging parties to adopt (EbA) approaches, which utilise biodiversity and ecosystem services to support climate change adaptation. These approaches are wide ranging and include mangrove restoration to buffer against storm surges; watershed management to protect against droughts and floods; rangeland management to prevent desertification; and sustainable management of fisheries and forests to ensure food security. This article examines the emergence of EbA in international legal frameworks for climate change and biodiversity and progress towards implementation. The EbA concept is potentially powerful in catalysing international and national commitments to act due to its key defining features of a focus on societal adaptation rather than ecocentricism, and a targeting of the immediate adaptation needs of the poorest and most vulnerable communities who are adversely affected by climate change. However, examination of national policy and practice in two least developed countries, Samoa and Cambodia, reveals that institutional and legal barriers at national level can pose significant challenges to operationalising EbA to achieve adaptation objectives.''The study is focused on the estimation of rate of soil erosion, using Revised Universal Soil Loss Eq. 2 (RUSLE2), in the Veppanapalli subwatershed of Krishnagiri catchment located in Tamil Nadu, India. The soil erosion is estimated for each of the hillslope units in the study area. The factors considered are intensity of rainfall, type of soil, land use classification and the existing soil conservation practices. Detailed analysis of soil samples were done to assess the texture, structure, permeability and organic matter content of the soil samples of each hillslope unit. The required data for the other parameters were estimated by carrying out intense field investigations and by the analysis of the satellite imagery of resolution. A data base was created with all the subfactor values for the hillslope units. Incorporation of remote sensing technique and Geographic Information System (GIS) made the spatial analysis of the study more reliable and accurate. The annual average soil erosion rate is estimated as which is on a higher range. This indicates the immediate need for the adoption of proper conservation strategies in this area to control the eutrophication in the Krishnagiri reservoir and to prevent further watershed degradation.''Understanding the underlying ecological processes that control plant diversity within and among forest gaps is important for managing natural forest ecosystems, and it is also a prerequisite for identifying the formation and maintenance mechanisms of forest plant communities. In this study, we focused on the interrelationships among habitat type (gap/non-gap plots), gap size, elevation and environmental factors, and we explored their effects on plant diversity and To do this, a total of 21 non-gap (i.e., closed canopy) plots (100 m2) and 63 gap plots, including 21 with large gaps m2), 21 with medium gaps m2) and 21 with small gaps m2), were selected along an elevational gradient in a subalpine coniferous forest of southwestern China. Using structural equation models (SEMs), we analyzed how forest gaps affected plant diversity and along an elevational gradient. The results showed that (1) as elevation increased, unimodal patterns of were found in different-sized gaps, and showed a consistent sinusoidal function pattern in different-sized gaps. The gap size was positively related to but this effect disappeared above 3500 masl. Moreover, the patterns of and in non-gap plots were irregular along the elevational gradient. (2) SEMs demonstrated that many environmental factors, such as the annual mean air temperature (AMAT), ultraviolet-A radiation (365 nm, UV-A365), ultraviolet-B1 radiation (297 nm, UV-B297), moss thickness (MT), soil carbon/nitrogen ratio (C/N ratio), NH4-N and NO3-N, were significantly affected by elevation, which then affected and The photosynthetic photon flux density (PPFD), UV-A365 and UV-B297 were significantly higher in plots with forest gaps than in the non-gap plots. Moreover, the PPFD and UV-A365 were positively and directly affected by gap size. Surprisingly, except for the NH4-N and the C/N ratios, the below-ground environmental factors showed little or no relationships with forest gaps. All of these effects contributed to plant diversity. Overall, the above-ground environmental factors were more sensitive to gap-forming disturbances than the below-ground environmental factors, which affected and The predicted pathway in the SEMs of the elevational effects on and was relatively complicated compared with the effects of forest gaps. These results can provide valuable insights into the underlying mechanisms driving the diversity-habitat relationship in the subalpine coniferous forests of southwestern China.'"Most palms used in agroforestry systems are exploited from wild stands or are only occasionally cultivated, while only a few palms have been domesticated. In this study we investigated how socio-economic factors and people's perceptions of changes in palm use and availability, influenced palm cultivation among indigenous Shuar and mestizo settlers in south-eastern Ecuador. We also looked at how different uses of palms influenced which species they cultivated. Our results showed that perceptions of declining palm availability in combination with heavy reliance on palm products was positively related to palm cultivation. Hence, cultivation was more common in more remote villages where alternative products were hard to get. In addition, palm cultivation was more common among wealthier people and among indigenous people than among recent settlers. This points to a limiting role of assets such as land and to the importance of history and culture with regard to cultivation. It was not possible to identify any single palm use as the primary reason for cultivating a species, but the more uses a species had, the more likely it was to be cultivated. These findings have important implications for development projects that promote cultivation of palms and other long-lived tree crops. They illustrate how market access and lack of necessary assets may undermine cultivation of native species even though these are regarded as important resources."'In the absence of external torques, the earth system is a closed system and its angular momentum is conserved. The atmospheric angular momentum (AAM) exchange with the solid/liquid earth is achieved by friction and mountain torques. The variations of the AAM and torques are important indicators of global climate change. Using the NCEP/NCAR reanalysis data for the long-term variations of the AAM and torques are analyzed. A weak positive AAM trend is detected, but an examination of the AAM budget shows that on annual to decadal scales, the signals of the AAM and total torque are inconsistent. During the study period, the total torque was mostly negative and had a decreasing trend, suggesting a decrease of the AAM. To check this inconsistency, we analyze the time series of the length-of-day anomalies, It is found that is weakly correlated with the AAM, while the derivative of the core-induced is strongly correlated with the torque. If this is correct, then a core-induced climate change can indeed happen.'"The division between rural and urban sectors of the landscape in many parts of the world is increasingly blurred. House-lot or homegardens offer a perspective on understanding rural-urban linkages since they are frequently a landscape feature in both settings and the exchanges of their products link the two. House-lot gardens are an under-researched component of the agricultural repertoires of smallholders in many parts of the world. Urban house-lot gardens in particular, have until recently not received much attention despite their critical importance to urban livelihoods. This paper presents findings from research on house-lot gardens in rural and urban zones of Brazil, one of Amazonia's largest municipalities. The research demonstrates that garden products are important for household subsistence, but even more importantly product exchanges between rural and urban kin households help sustain critical social networks that subsidize urban life. Gardens are a link between urban and rural settings as products, germplasm, and household members move between the two. People are urban and rural at the same time which demonstrates that households can be multi-local."'Cacao (Theobroma cacao L.) is a tropical perennial crop which is of great economic importance to the confectionary industry and to the economies of many countries of the humid tropics where it is grown. Some recent studies have suggested that climate change could severely impact cacao production in West Africa. It is essential to incorporate our understanding of the physiology and genetic variation within cacao germplasm when discussing the implications of climate change on cacao productivity and developing strategies for climate resilience in cacao production. Here, we review the current research on the physiological responses of cacao to various climate factors. Our main findings are as follows: (1) water limitation causes significant yield reduction in cacao, but genotypic variation in sensitivity is evident; (2) in the field, cacao experiences higher temperatures than is often reported in the literature; (3) the complexity of the cacao/shade tree interaction can lead to contradictory results; (4) elevated CO2 may alleviate some negative effects of climate change; (5) implementation of mitigation strategies can help reduce environmental stress; and (6) significant gaps in the research need addressing to accelerate the development of climate resilience. Harnessing the significant genetic variation apparent within cacao germplasm is essential to develop modern varieties capable of high yields in non-optimal conditions. Mitigation strategies will also be essential, but to use shading to best effect shade tree selection is crucial to avoid resource competition. Cacao is often described as being sensitive to climate change, but genetic variation, adaptive responses, appropriate mitigation strategies and interactive climate effects should all be considered when predicting the future of cacao production. Incorporating these physiological responses to various environmental conditions and developing a deeper understanding of the processes underlying these responses will help to accelerate the development of a more resource use efficient tree ensuring sustainable production into the future.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'Ecosystems contribute to economic development through the supply of ecosystem services such as food and fresh water. Information on ecosystems and their services is required to support policy making, but this information is not captured in economic statistics. Ecosystem accounting has been developed to integrate ecosystems and ecosystem services into national accounts. Ecosystem accounting includes the compilation of an ecosystem services supply and use account, which reflects actual flows of ecosystem services, and the ecosystem capacity account, which reflects the capacity of ecosystems to sustainably supply ecosystem services. A capacity assessment requires detailed data on ecosystem processes, which are often not available over large scales. In this study, we examined how net primary productivity derived from remote sensing can be used as an indicator to assess changes in the capacity of ecosystems to supply services. We examine the spatial and temporal patterns in this capacity for the Orinoco river basin from 2001 to 2014. Specifically, we analyze the capacity of six types of ecosystems to supply timber, pastures for grazing cattle, oil palm fresh fruit bunches and to sequester carbon. We compared ecosystem capacities with the level of ecosystem service supply to assess a sustainable use of ecosystems. Our study provides insights on how the capacity of ecosystems can be quantified using remote sensing data in the context of ecosystem accounting. Ecosystem capacity indicators indicate ecosystems change and harvesting-regeneration patterns which are important for the design and monitoring of sustainable management regimes for ecosystems.''The (Tyrannus tyrannus) is an American boreal migratory bird that arrives in the lowlands of the eastern slope of the Andes in South America during its non-breeding season. However, there are some historical migratory records of this species on the western slope of the Andes, but the information is poor and scattered. Here we present a comprehensive analysis of the migratory patterns of the Eastern Kingbird, giving more attention to the migratory route throughout the arid ecosystems in western Peru and Chile. We modeled monthly density heatmaps and evaluated the annual migratory movements of the bird in the southern hemisphere using the records available in the Global Biodiversity Information Facility repository. We found that the species frequents the arid ecosystems of western South America often than previously published. We recognized that the species follows the same pattern of migration in both the western and eastern humid areas South America; nevertheless, we identified that the species is present year-round in northern South America, mainly in Colombia, with some records during the breeding season in Peru and Chile. We strongly recommend the use of citizen science datasets to elucidate the migratory patterns of other boreal migratory bird species.''An abnormally high bioproductivity of modern water basins arises as two factors are combined, i.e., cold surface waters rich in oxygen and moderate gas flows ascending from the fault zones at the sea bottom. Gas bubbles bring nutrients of endogenous nature to the surface; these are nitrogen, phosphorus, and microelements, which provide rapid development of phytoplankton, the basis of food chains. Quasiperiodic intensification of deep degassing results in reducing gases blowing through the surface water layer and rapid mass destruction of the aerobic biota and intense development of anaerobic organisms (red tide). This scenario also occurred in the past geologic epochs.''Cattle and agricultural farming in the western Orinoco Basin began in 1555, and since then fragmentation of continuous forest has occurred. We evaluated the effects of the disturbances and the absence of large primates on plant community composition, diversity, and regeneration patterns. Atelines (Lagothrix and Ateles) inhabited the lowlands close to the Andean mountains, but no longer live in fragmented habitats. Their absence may have negative effects on plant populations because atelines play important roles as seed dispersers in neotropical forests, especially for large-seeded plants, which are rarely swallowed by other seed dispersers. We compared 2 1-ha vegetation plots in forest fragments north of the La Macarena Mountains with 7 plots in continuous forest in Tinigua National Park. Both sites share the same climatic conditions and have similar geological origins. There is floristic affinity between forests with similar ecological characteristics; the fragmented forests are also less diverse than the continuous forests. As predicted, the forest fragments have fewer individuals with large seeds. The results suggest that forest fragmentation and local ateline extinctions affect plant communities, reducing diversity and affecting large-seeded plants.''Some birds replace feathers after the formative plumage of the first cycle and after basic plumages in subsequent cycles as a consequence of prealternate molts. The presence of prealternate molts has been suggested to be due to prolonged exposure to sunlight, especially for birds inhabiting exposed and scrubby areas. Although prealternate molts appear to be common in many Nearctic-Neotropic passerines, these can be also present in resident Neotropical species. For example, prealternate molt has been reported in 14 species among nine genera in thraupids. Here, using wild individuals and museum specimens, we describe the presence of a Complex Alternate Strategy in the molt cycle of the Blue-and-yellow Tanager (Pipraeidea bonariensis darwinii). We categorized seven molt age groups in 75 wild-captured birds and thirteen molt age categories across 167 museum specimens. Our results confirm the existence of limited to partial prealternate molts in Blue-and-yellow Tanager and demonstrate the importance of investigating the presence of these types of molts in wild bird populations.'Abstract not available'In this paper, the authors develop the earlier work of Chen Jiabin et al. (1986). In order to reduce spectral truncation errors, the reference atmosphere has been introduced in ECMWF model, and the spectrally-represented variables, temperature, geopotential height and orography, are replaced by their deviations from the reference atmosphere. Two modified semi-implicit schemes have been proposed to alleviate the computational instability due to the introduction of reference atmosphere. Concerning the deviation of surface geopotential height from reference atmosphere, an exact computational formulation has been used instead of the approximate one in the earlier work. To reduce aliasing errors in the computations of the deviation of the surface geopotential height, a spectral fit has been used slightly to modify the original Gaussian grid-point values of orography.A series of experiments has been performed in order to assess the impact of the reference atmosphere on ECMWF forecasts at the resolution T21, T42 and T63. The results we have obtained reveal that the reference atmosphere introduced in ECMWF spectral model is generally beneficial to the mean statistical scores of hPa height 10-day forecasts over the globe. In the Southern Hemisphere, it is a clear improvement for T21. T42 and T63 throughout the 10-day forecast period. In the Northern Hemisphere, the impact of the reference atmosphere on anomaly correlation is positive for resolution T21, a very slightly damaging at T42 and almost neutral at T63 in the range of day 1 to day 4. Beyond the day 4 there is a clear improvement at all resolutions.''Plants continue to be an important source of new bioactive substances. Brazil is one of the mega-diverse countries, with of the flora. However, the accelerated destruction of botanically rich ecosystems has contributed to a gradual loss of native medicinal species. In previous study, we have observed a fast and intensive change in trade of medicinal plants in an area of Amazon, where human occupation took place. In this study, we surveyed 15 public markets in different parts of Brazil in search of samples of 40 plants used in traditional medicine and present in first edition of Brazilian Official Pharmacopoeia (FBRAS), published in 1926. Samples of plants commercialized as the same vernacular name as in Pharmacopoeia were acquired and submitted to analysis for authentication. A total of 252 plant samples were purchased, but the laboratory analyses showed that only one-half of the samples (126, were confirmed as the same plant species so named in FBRAS. The high number of unauthenticated samples demonstrates a loss of knowledge of the original native species. The proximity of the market from areas in which the plant occurs does not guarantee that trade of false samples occurs. The impact of the commerce of the substitute species on their conservation and in public health is worrying. Strategies are necessary to promote the better use and conservation of this rich heritage offered by Brazilian biodiversity.''BackgroundThe extensive medicinal plant knowledge of Amazonian tribal peoples is widely recognized in the scientific literature and celebrated in popular lore. Despite this broad interest, the ethnomedical systems and knowledge of disease which guide indigenous utilization of botanical diversity for healing remain poorly characterized and understood. No study, to our knowledge, has attempted to directly examine patterns of actual disease recognition and treatment by healers of an Amazonian indigenous culture.MethodsThe establishment of traditional medicine clinics, operated and directed by elder tribal shamans in two remote Trio villages of the Suriname rainforest, presented a unique investigational opportunity. Quantitative analysis of clinic records from both villages permitted examination of diseases treated over a continuous period of four years. Cross-cultural comparative translations were articulated of recorded disease conditions through ethnographic interviews of elder Trio shamans and a comprehensive atlas of indigenous anatomical nomenclature was developed.Results20,337 patient visits within the period 2000 to 2004 were analyzed. 75 disease conditions and 127 anatomical terms are presented. Trio concepts of disease and medical practices are broadly examined within the present and historical state of their culture.ConclusionThe findings of this investigation support the presence of a comprehensive and highly formalized ethnomedical institution within Trio culture with attendant health policy and conservation implications.''Poverty reduction and environmental protection are two global tasks for sustainable development. The study perspective has changed over time, from narrowly focusing on poverty reduction to comprehensively strengthening human-welfare. We reviewed key references targeting the theoretical content and practical approach relying on poverty, environment protection and ecosystem services. We discussed the contradicting views on the relationship of poverty and environmental degradation, and then illustrated the study progress of a cutting-age topic-ecosystem services which pave a way to address poverty reduction and environmental protection together. At last, we investigated essential factors that affect the development and environmental protection. Considering the evolution of the concept of poverty, we found that the environment has occupied an increasing proportion in the cognizance of poverty. The relationship between poverty and environmental degradation is regional uniqueness. In practical aspect, projects based on the management and valuation assessment of ecosystem services draw attention all over the world. The appropriate scale, essential economic incentives, morality, law and social equality are key factors affecting decisions which directly relate to the sustainable development.''A questionnaire was used to measure plant use knowledge for 18 plants from 40 randomly selected Winikina Warao respondents of two villages in the Orinoco River Delta, Venezuela. Five use values are presented: reported use (RU) value for each plant and plant part; plant part value (PPV); specific use (SU) value; intraspecific use value (IUV); and overall use value (OUV). The overall use value can be used to target plants of potential interest to researchers. Although certain precautions must be taken when undertaking this type of study, questionnaires are important tools that can be used to assess the dynamic interplay between people and the plants they use.'Abstract not available'Copepods have invaded an astonishing variety of aquatic and humid continental environments and microhabitats. The historical process of discovery and investigation of copepods in ephemeral, acid and thermal waters, subterranean waters and sediments, phytotelmata, humid soils, leaf litter, human-modified and artificial habitats, and other situations extends over about 130 years. The methods developed to collect in and study these habitats range from simple nets to elaborate pumping systems and diving techniques. Investigations of non-lacustrine continental environments have contributed greatly to the understanding of aspects of copepod biology such as reproduction, diapause and population dynamics. Questions regarding faunistics and biological diversity, biogeography, evolution, transport and introductions of alien species have also been informed by such studies. This article briefly reviews these topics, and provides detailed lists of records from some of the less well-known kinds of habitats.''The southern border of the Brazilian Amazon is one of the most sensitive areas to deforestation in Brazil. Pondering problems related to changes in land use, new issues are emerging, such as, climate change and its negative effects on the regional hydrological cycle. The higher frequency of El and La seems to have strong influence on rainfall in Amazonia. They are becoming more lasting and intense in the course of the last 20 to compared to the past This paper may confront the scientific knowledge of the relations of climate and water resources in Amazon with the points of vulnerability that anthropic societies present in the region. The impact of climate change is not uniformly borne by different regions and populations. Actually, individuals, sectors and systems are affected to varying degrees and, besides, they may be prejudiced to a greater or lesser extent. These impacts vary in magnitude and intensity in accordance with certain aspects, for instance, geographical location, time, the prevalent social, economic and environmental conditions and the infra-structure of a given location. A comprehensive description of these extreme climate events is one of the first steps to a regional vulnerability approach.''Many forests restoration programs and efforts depend on seeds. Particularly in the Andes, further information regarding seed germination requirements and seed storage behavior is necessary. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of storage conditions on the germination percentage, the viability and the coefficient of velocity of germination for seeds of three native tree species (Cedrela montana, Weinmannia fagaroides and Oreocallis grandiflora). Under controlled conditions, the seeds were exposed to three levels of seed moisture content and storage temperatures and room temperature at approx. for 3, 6 and The results showed that at of seed storage under temperatures of 5 and the seeds had a high percentage of germination, viability and germination speed for C. montana and W. fagaroides compared to those stored at room temperature. At of storage, there was a marked reduction in seed germination in all treatments for both species. Furthermore, the seed germination and viability of O. grandiflora was not influenced by any of the above storage treatments. However, at the end of the experiment a slight decrease was observed, hence this species might be tolerant to medium- and long-term storage conditions. Though limited to just three co-occurring species, the study provided insight into the variability in responses to storage, with preliminary indications of appropriate storage conditions to maximize storability of seeds for restoration programs. Importantly, the study demonstrated the need for empirical testing of storage responses (temperature and duration) of seeds before subjecting untested species to a particular storage regime.''Peatlands are widely distributed throughout northeast China and form a large carbon (C) pool. The main types include plain wetlands and alpine peatlands. Compared to the former, the historical development and C dynamics of the alpine peatlands are still not well understood. In this study, a total of nine peat cores from the Great Hinggan, Changbai and Fenghuang Mountains were collected and dated by 210Pb and 137Cs techniques. All samples were analysed for organic matter content through loss on ignition (LOI) and three core samples from Motianling peatland were further analysed for total organic carbon (TOC) by elemental analysis. A linear model between LOI and TOC was established as which is recommended for estimating organic C content and assessing C accumulation in the peatlands of northeast China. This conversion equation could lead to a overestimate of RERCA compared to elemental C determination, but it is preferable to using a conversion coefficient of 0.5, which could result in a overestimate than elemental analysis. The recent rate of C accumulation (RERCA) in the alpine peatlands is estimated between 128.85 and C and the average C storage per unit area is calculated as C over the past These are significant additions to the plain wetlands and this knowledge is helpful in forming a complete picture of C sequestration in wetlands of this region. Within-site difference for average RERCA reflects the need for a multi-core study of C accumulation in peatlands and between-site comparison of RERCA shows that the average RERCA increases towards the higher latitude. This pattern is mainly controlled by the peatland types. Results here will be useful to evaluate the C sequestration potential in peatlands and improve our understanding the response of alpine peatland ecosystems to projected climate change.''Baccharis dichotoma, a new dwarf shrubby species, with small leaves and few heads, of high-altitude grasslands from southeastern Brazil, is described, illustrated, and assigned to subgenus Baccharis.'Abstract not available'This paper provides a synthesis of the three papers published in the series of selected tree species in different plant communities at the periphery of the Atlantic forest of SE (Trees, this issue). We reviewed data obtained for seven tree species, belonging to the legume family and the genus Clusia of the Clusiaceae. These groups were chosen because legumes are the most abundant tree species in the Atlantic forest complex (except in the open restingas), and the genus Clusia is reportedly of utmost ecological importance as nurse plants in several habitats of the complex. These species were surveyed along one or more of several forest and open habitats at the margin of the Atlantic rain forest (open restingas, restinga dry forest, inselberg, semideciduous dry forest) and indicated the following general patterns: (1) at the intraspecific level, ecophysiological performance often (but not always) varied largely in both time and space; (2) at the interspecific level, ecophysiological performance was often (but not always) related positively to species dominance in the community; and (3) at both levels, ecophysiological performance was not related to the geographic distribution patterns, i.e., generalists and specialists did not form groups of similarly behaving plants in regard to ecophysiology. We discuss the implications of these findings, compare them with earlier studies, and suggest that ecophysiological research in the Atlantic rain forest complex could enhance its explanatory power by increasing spatial and temporal scales of observation.''This essay pursues a four-pronged, interdisciplinary approach in considering the possibility that the unusual layout of the lowland Maya site of in the lakes region of central Guatemala, might have been modeled on the scaly back of a crocodile. Part 1 summarizes the biological characteristics of crocodilians, particularly Crocodylus moreletii, and their habitats in lowland Mesoamerica. Part 2 reviews interpretations of these reptiles in myth and art, and exploitation of the creature in the lakes area. Third, the ceremonial core of established in the Middle Preclassic BCE) period, is discussed. It exhibits an unusual grid of corridors creating a landscape resembling the bony plates of a back, and a natural cenote-like fosa is proposed to relate to a mythical Deer Part 4 discusses probable social and political characteristics of early community leaders who planned this atypical layout, viewed through selectionist theories of cooperation and costly signaling. Designed to mimic the mythical crocodile of creation, illustrates the role of ideological power in the development of complex societies.'caven is a South American species which shows remarkable climate tolerance and ecological adaptability; as such, this species is suitable for colonizing anthropogenically degraded sites. This species is widely distributed, and six varieties have been described based on both morphological traits and molecular markers. Moreover, Aronson (1992) suggests that, for this species, geographical separation could be associated with ecological differentiation. In this study, amplified fragment length polymorphisms were used to study genetic variation within and among 15 populations of A. caven from five eco-regions of Argentina and to investigate (1) whether the varieties are genetically coherent, (2) whether the varieties correspond consistently to a single eco-region, (3) the proportion of the species diversity explained within and among varieties and eco-regions. Eight of the 225 bands appear to be under positive selection. The remaining 217 neutral loci showed a high percentage of polymorphism (99.1%). The estimates of genetic diversity were generally high. The (0.315) was highly significant, providing evidence for genetic structure among populations. Hierarchical analysis of molecular variance indicated that variation among eco-regions was 8.2% and highly significant. The higher component of variance was found within populations (67.5%). STRUCTURE analysis suggested that the optimal number of The results showed that, in most cases, geographic separation is associated with ecological differentiation. Since differentiation of A. caven populations studied here in eco-regions was highly significant, sampling should include a large number of trees within populations as well as covering the wide ecological diversity of the species.''The use of well-sampled regions and insightful environmental gradients can provide important theoretical knowledge for understanding the drivers of tropical forest patterns and processes, which are necessary for biological conservation. We investigated the variation in tree species composition across a vegetation gradient in the Subtropical Atlantic Forest, as well as various predictors that could impact such patterns. The exploratory and confirmatory analyses included 178 sampling units distributed among 13 different forest types containing binary occurrence records for 935 species from 25,546 trees. Confirmatory analyses were conducted considering spatial autocorrelation, a well-known factor responsible for type I error inflations. The floristic heterogeneity of the study area was revealed by clear patterns of floristic differentiation between vegetation types, as well as by the significant improvements in local models weighted regressions) over global models least squares). We found that the observed floristic variation has most likely been driven by humidity from the Atlantic Ocean, low temperature extremes and geographic distance. The latter was revealed by the high contribution of spatial components to the partial models. These results from a shrinking biological hotspot, particularly those concerning the importance of temperature extremes, represent crucial data for identifying conservation priorities, especially considering the seriousness of the temperature shifts predicted by global climate change scenarios.''We provide a documented record for the Acre Antshrike Thamnophilus divisorius, an endemic species of Serra do Divisor, in the Amazon Forest of Peru. Four birds responded to playback and a female was captured in mist-nets. This is the fourth documented record of this species in the world, 28 km north of the nearest previous record. We comment on the current distribution of this species between Peru and Brazil and the possible threats that it might face in the near future.''The genera of Malvaceae that occur in North, Central, and South America (including the Caribbean) are enumerated, described, and distinguished, using an artificial key. The usual taxonomic information (bibliographic citations, synonyms, type species, etc.) is presented and the generic names are indexed. The literature is reviewed and summarized for each genus, presenting such information (where appropriate) as the etymology of the name, number of species, infrageneric classification, distribution, chromosome numbers, economic importance, distinguishing features, and reference to representative illustrations. Where useful, the taxonomic history of the genus is summarized. A listing of unresolved taxonomic problems in the family is presented to highlight needs for future study. A detailed bibliography is included. One new combination is made:Palaua sandemanii (Sandwith) Fryxell, based on the PeruvianMalvastrum sandemanii Sandwith.''Biogeography has been difficult to apply as a methodological approach because organismic biology is incomplete at levels where the process of formulating comparisons and analogies is complex. The study of insect biogeography became necessary because insects possess numerous evolutionary traits and play an important role as pollinators. Among insects, the euglossine bees, or orchid bees, attract interest because the study of their biology allows us to explain important steps in the evolution of social behavior and many other adaptive tradeoffs. We analyzed the distribution of morphological characteristics in Colombian orchid bees from an ecological perspective. The aim of this study was to observe the distribution of these attributes on a regional basis. Data corresponding to Colombian euglossine species were ordered with a correspondence analysis and with subsequent hierarchical clustering. Later, and based on community proprieties, we compared the resulting hierarchical model with the collection localities to seek to identify a biogeographic classification pattern. From this analysis, we derived a model that classifies the territory of Colombia into 11 biogeographic units or natural clusters. Ecological assumptions in concordance with the derived classification levels suggest that species characteristics associated with flight performance, nectar uptake, and social behavior are the factors that served to produce the current geographical structure.''Faunistic complexes of 155 species of the Cladocera found in Eastern Siberia and the Far East of Russian Federation are described. The eight complexes are specified: unrevised widely spread species (51), the widespread Eurasian faunistic complex (34 species), the circumpolar complex (4 species), the East Asian and American (Beringian) complex (8 species), the endemic East Asian complex (19 species), the southern thermophilic complex (12 species), the mountainous endemic complex (3 species), and the Baikal endemic complex (8 species). Directions for further studies are suggested. Faunistic investigations of the modern level in the East Palearctic represent an independent task, which should be accomplished by taxonomists in close cooperation with specialists on local faunas.'Abstract not availableI Orchid seeds are nearly microscopic in size. Because of that, many fanciful theories were proposed for the origin of orchids. Almost separate the time when orchid seeds were seen for the first time and the development of a practical asymbiotic method for their germination. The seeds were first observed and drawn during the sixteenth century. Seedlings were first described and illustrated in 1804. The association between orchid and fungi was observed as early as 1824, while the requirement for mycorrhiza for seed germination was established in 1899. An asymbiotic method for orchid seed germination was developed in 1921. After media B and C were formulated, orchids growing and hybridization became widespread. Hybrids which early growers may not have even imagined became II A commonly held view is that Prof. Georges Morel is the sole discoverer of orchid micropropagation and that he was the first to culture an orchid shoot tip in 1960. In fact, the first in vitro orchid propagation was carried out by Dr. Gavino Rotor in 1949. Hans Thomale was the first to culture an orchid shoot tip in 1956. The methods used by Morel to culture his shoot tips were developed by others many years before he adapted them to orchids. This review also traces the history of several techniques, additives, and peculiarities (agitated liquid cultures, coconut water, banana pulp, a patent and what appears to be an empty claim) which are associated with orchid micropropagation. A summary of plant hormone history is also outlined because micropropagation could not have been developed without phytohormones.'"The distribution of woody species within the riparian corridor of the Lower Caura River, a nutrient-poor tributary of the Orinoco River, draining the Guiana Shield in Venezuela is related to environmental variables. TWINSPAN clustering and a Canonical Correspondence ordination were used on abundance data for the 110 most common tree species in 51 sample plots. Four groups are identified: of La Mura Rapids, narrow floodplains in constrained valleys with steep slopes show marked differences between sites dominated by channel lateral accretion (levees, Group B) and overbank deposition (swamps, Group A), of the rapids, levees (Group C) are differentiated from a more heterogeneous floodplain (Group D) influenced by a backwater effect caused by the ponding of the Caura River by the Orinoco. A Multiple discriminant analysis of these groups resulted in a function including depth of inundation, ratio of alkaline/alkaline earth major cations, and soil phosphorous content, which accounted for 83% of the variance between the four groups. Inundation level and phosphorous content were also the most significant variables in the ordination, within which the first two axes explained 48% of the species- environment relationships. Tree density, species richness and diversity (H') are shown to change significantly along the lower Caura with highest values associated with levees in sectors upstream of the La Mura Rapids; effects of terrestrialization and intermediate disturbance are proposed to explain these patterns. Floristic elements typical of both Amazonian and forests are shown to occur along the whole riparian corridor of the lower Caura, but the majority occur downstream of La Mura Rapids. The intermediate nutritional status of the Caura River and a hydroecological confluence effect associated with higher flooding depths and stronger biogeochemical gradients along the lower reach are suggested to explain the co-occurrence of and species.""This article reports on findings of a research project examining farmers' coping strategies in the Brazilian Amazon in response to El related weather events. We examine the extent of vulnerability of small and large farmers to these events in a tropical rainforest environment. Little attention has been given to the impact of ENSO events in despite evidence for devastating fires during ENSOs. Although we found a range of locally developed forecasting techniques and coping mechanisms, farmers have sustained significant losses, and we suggest that increased access to scientific forecasts would greatly enhance the ability of the farmers in our study area to cope with El related weather events.In the El phase of the El Oscillation (ENSO) climate pattern leads to an extended period of reduced rainfall (Hobbs et al., 1998). This period of reduced rainfall can result in significant agricultural losses for farmers and ranchers in the area and in increased forest flammability. We have found that the majority of our study population uses several methods of forecasting, coping with, and adapting to drought events and they recognize the economic losses they can experience and the loss of forests through the accidental spread of fire. The poorest farmers in our study area experience El related drought events as a serious threat to their livelihoods. Their vulnerability is heightened during extreme climate events and our observations revealed that all of the farmers in our study would benefit from increased availability of improved forecast information relevant to their locality and their current farming strategies. This paper examines the availability and use of forecasts, the occurrence of accidental fires and techniques to prevent fire related losses, and the coping mechanisms for dealing with El related drought in the agricultural regions surrounding the cities of Altamira and in State, Brazil. Distribution of an El Prediction Kit at the end of the study and a series of workshops may lead to better local information on rainfall variability and create a farmer-maintained grid of collecting stations to sensitize farmers to the variability of precipitation in the region, and on their property."'Karst regions offer a variety of natural resources such as freshwater and biodiversity, and many cultural resources. The World Karst Aquifer Map (WOKAM) is the first detailed and complete global geodatabase concerning the distribution of karstifiable rocks (carbonates and evaporites) representing potential karst aquifers. This study presents a statistical evaluation of WOKAM, focusing entirely on karst in carbonate rocks and addressing four main aspects: (1) global occurrence and geographic distribution of karst; (2) karst in various topographic settings and coastal areas; (3) karst in different climatic zones; and (4) populations living on karst. According to the analysis, 15.2% of the global ice-free continental surface is characterized by the presence of karstifiable carbonate rock. The largest percentage is in Europe (21.8%); the largest absolute area occurs in Asia (8.35 million km2). Globally, 31.1% of all surface exposures of carbonate rocks occur in plains, 28.1% in hills and 40.8% in mountains, and or 15.7% of marine coastlines are characterized by carbonate rocks. About 34.2% of all carbonate rocks occur in arid climates, followed by 28.2% in cold and 15.9% in temperate climates, whereas only 13.1 and 8.6% occur in tropical and polar climates, respectively. Globally, 1.18 billion people (16.5% of the global population) live on karst. The highest absolute number occurs in Asia (661.7 million), whereas the highest percentages are in Europe (25.3%) and North America (23.5%). These results demonstrate the global importance of karst and serve as a basis for further research and international water management strategies.''Increasing elevation can restrict the expansion of tree species by negatively affecting growth. In this study, we estimated growth velocity and evaluated the effects of extreme elevation on radial growth of the Andean tree Philippi (Rosaceae). We also developed different models to predict the relationship between age (number of tree-rings) and allometric characters (total height and diameter). Samples of trees and shrubs were collected between 4,200 and asl and analyzed using standard dendrochronological methods. Results evidenced that is a slow-growing species since it grows less than per year. Furthermore, elevation has a negative effect on radial growth. Morphometric models showed that a positive relationship between total height and diameter exists but not a significant relation between number of tree-rings and morphometry. Elevation had a major role in the radial growth of which interacts with microclimatic conditions. Careful considerations should be made at the moment of using allometry as a surrogate for age in ecological studies.''A total of 22 grass species were examined from 5 sites spanning the altitudinal range m.a.s.l. The presence of the C3 or C4 photosynthetic pathway was determined from values and chilling tolerance was assessed on the basis of electrolyte leakage from leaf slices incubated on melting ice. Most of the grasses studied at the lower altitude sites of 1550 m.a.s.l. (annual mean of daily minimum temperature, C) and 2600 m.a.s.l. C) possessed C4 photosynthesis and were chill-sensitive. The single except ion was Agrostis avenacea, a montane chill-resistant C3 species which occurred at 2600 m.a.s.l. The three species apparently most sensitive to chilling were Ischaemum polystachyum, Paspalum conjugatum and Saccharum robustum, all occurring at 1550 m.a.s.l. At the higher altitude sites of 3280 C), 3580 C) and 4350 m.a.s.l., most of the grasses exhibited C3 photosynthesis and were chill-resistant. However, an Upland population of the C4 species, Miscanthus floridulus was found at 3280 m.a.s.l. which had acquired chill-resistance as confirmed by additional in vivo variable chlorophyll fluorescence measurements. Cell sap osmotic potential values of the upland grasses at altitudes of m.a.s.l. were lower to bars) than values in grasses from 1550 and 2600 m.a.s.l. to bars) due mainly to the presence of non-electrolyte osmoticants, which may be involved in frost avoidance mechanism(s).''It is widely accepted that two major gene pools exist in cultivatedcommon bean, one Middle American and one Andean. Recently another gene pool,designated as North Andean and a fourth group (not considered to be adistinct gene pool) have been reported by the senior author and hiscolleagues. Many of the agronomic and seed compositional attributes of the twomajor gene pools are well known, but the seed compositional value and diseaseresistance of the North Andean gene pool has not yet been characterized. Torectify this situation, the seed compositional characters, percentage of proteinconcentrations (phaseolin, lectin and the nutrient elements (calcium, phosphorus, iron andzinc) and the disease and pest attributes (angular leaf spot,anthracnose, common bacterial blight and empoasca damage) were considered.The Middle American gene pool gave higher lectin, calcium, phosphorus, sulfurand zinc than the Andean gene pool but lower phaseolin and iron. The NorthAndean gene pool is more like the Andean gene pool for phaseolin, resistance toangular leaf spot and anthracnose from Andean pathogen isolates, but more likethe Middle American gene pool for lectin, zinc, sulfur and resistance toanthracnose from Middle American pathogen isolates. On the other hand, it hadthe highest iron concentration and was more resistant to common bacterialblight. These results indicate the potential value of this gene pool in a commonbean breeding program.''The diversity of Hymenochaetaceae and its relationship with native plants of the Caatinga were investigated in two stands each) in the Parque Nacional do Catimbau, State of Pernambuco, Northeast Brazil. The basidiomata collected on both live and dead trees represented 14 species of Hymenochaetaceae. Eleven of them belonged to Phellinus, six of which were new records to the Brazilian semi-arid area (P. grenadensis, P. linteus, P. maxonii, P. melleoporus, P. rimosus, and P. rhytyphloeus). Hymenochaetaceae diversity was not influenced by differences between stands, caused mostly by agriculture (subsistence farming), logging and tourism. The occurrence of taxa of Hymenochaetaceae was not significantly related to humidity, although P. piptadeniae and P. rimosus were more frequently sampled during the dry season. Even if most of the specimens of Hymenochaetaceae, Phellinus and P. piptadeniae have been found on live hosts, this observation was not statistically supported. On the other hand, P. rimosus occurred only on live hosts. The occurrence on live hosts may indicate a parasitic relationship, but they may be colonizing dead tissues of the live plants. Plants of Piptadenia and P. moniliformis had high incidence of Hymenochaetaceae, Phellinus and P. piptadeniae, while Caesalpinia microphylla had high incidence of Hymenochaetaceae, Phellinus and P. rimosus, suggesting that P. piptadeniae is host-recurrent and P. rimosus is host-specific on species of Fabaceae in the studied area. The results indicate that, at least when analysing Hymenochaetaceae, the biome Caatinga differs from other tropical forests where higher species richness is observed on decaying rather than live substrata, and where host-specificity/recurrence have been shown to be low.''This paper reviews the ecological effects of tree uprooting. In many forests, disturbance by uprooting is the primary means of maintaining species richness and diversity. Treefall may be due to exogenous factors or it may be endogenously created, although the former predominate. The canopy gap formed by downed trees is often vital to community vegetation dynamics and successional pathways, by providing high light niches (gaps) for pioneer species, by encouraging release of suppressed, shade-tolerant saplings, and through recruitment of new individuals. Nutrient cycling may be affected by uprooting as subsoil materials are brought to the surface, via additions of woody debris to the forest floor, through exposure of bare mineral soil, and by changes in throughfall chemistry. The influence of the resultant pit/mound microtopography on understorey herb distribution is largely due to microclimatic and microtopographic variation. Tree seedling distribution, however, is related to microtopography primarily through differences in soil morphology, nutrition, and moisture content of mound and pit sites.''Environmental changes of the last were reconstructed by geochemical and pollen analyses of a 14-m-long, laminated sediment core from Lago Aleixo, south-eastern Brazil. Fossil pollen assemblages indicate open savannah vegetation (campo cerrado) and gallery forests until approximately BP. During that time, siderite laminae were deposited under anoxic conditions at the lake bottom. Then, increased rainfall and a shorter annual dry period allowed gallery forests and semi-deciduous forests to expand, leading to more closed cerrado vegetation. High-intensity rainfall events during this period are recorded as peaks in K and Ti concentrations. The sediment facies during this period consists of alternating layers of diatoms and minerogenic matter. C/N ratios imply that algae and perhaps soils, too, were the main contributors to sediment organic matter. Biogenic silica and variations indicate increasing primary productivity, which was related to higher nutrient flux from intensified leaching of soils, as shown by rising K/Al ratios. Around BP, a closed, semi-deciduous forest developed under present-day climate conditions. Slope stabilization diminished erosion processes in the catchment and caused reduced input of minerogenic matter into the basin. Human impact is evident in the topmost homogeneous sediments, as removal of the stabilizing forest cover amplified soil erosion. The continuous trend to more humid conditions during the Holocene probably reflects increased influence of the Amazon Basin as a moisture source. We conclude that the Lago Aleixo sediment archive was a sensitive recorder of environmental dynamics in tropical South America, which were mainly controlled by changes in precipitation patterns.''The genus Claudioperla (Plecoptera: Gripopterygidae), which has been reported from Chile and Argentina to Colombia, was until now monospecific. The study of adults from various localities of the Bolivian Altiplano has resulted in the discovery of four distinct species. Three are new and described: Claudioperla rosalesi n. sp., Claudioperla moyai n. sp., and Claudioperla ruhieri n. sp. The fourth, Claudioperla tigrina presents morphological variations with previous descriptions that are exposed and discussed. One of the new species, C. ruhieri, is apterous. The male of C. moyai is micropterous. Among South American stoneflies, they are the first cases of aptery and microptery reported outside of Patagonia. Adapted to extreme conditions of temperature and altitude, C. moyai and C. ruhieri are particularly threatened by the recent evolution of Bolivian glaciers.''Barley is cultivated both in highly productive agricultural systems and also in marginal and subsistence environments. Its distribution is worldwide and is of considerable economic importance for animal feed and alcohol production. The overall importance of barley as a human food is minor but there is much potential for new uses exploiting the health benefits of whole grain and beta-glucans. The barley supply chains are complex and show added value at many stages. Germplasm resources for barley are considerable, with much potential for exploitation of its biodiversity available through the use of recently developed genomic and breeding tools. Consequently, substantial gains in crucial sustainability characteristics should be achievable in the future, together with increased understanding of the physiological basis of many agronomic traits, particularly water and nutrient use efficiency. ability to adapt to multiple biotic and abiotic stresses will be crucial to its future exploitation and increased emphasis on these traits in elite germplasm is needed to equip the crop for environmental change. Similarly, resource use efficiency should become a higher priority to ensure the sustainability in the long-term. Clearly barley is a resilient crop with much potential which can be realised in the future.''Carlos Zorrilla looks at his 23 years of work and life experience in rural Ecuador. As a small farmer, he has engaged in sustainable development and community conservation activities, together with several environmental NGOs. He highlights a claim against a World Bank project, the successful campaign against a multinational mining project, and the creation of Ecological County Ordinances.''The purpose of this article is to broadly outline a problem in the context of relatively recent activity in the Amazon Basin. My colleagues and I found the Policy Sciences framework to be a useful blueprint for comprehensive issue analysis. The five intellectual tasks of the policy-oriented approach to solving problems helped us to clarify the apparent goals of the primary actors involved; identify certain trends associated with the problem, including estimations of their magnitude and implications; understand several conditioning factors which could impact (or have already had an impact on) the achievement of the goals identified; recognize several projections anticipated from a normative standpoint in light of the trends examined; and make some observations, including possible strategies and their alternatives, which might enable the Shuar to maximize benefits and minimize costs.''Ethnobotanical studies often assume plant knowledge is shared by all members of an arbitrarily bounded human group. By describing the uses and local categorization of plants in one village in rural Panama in a heteroglossic approach, the different knowledges within a village are presented in one article. Plants used in the daily work of women and men, and the work of village spe-cialists are described. Villagers negotiate changing realities by adapting plant use and knowl-edge; this is reflected in local categorization of plant names into antes and hoy dia. Unlike the established ethnobotanical assumption that bounded units of plant knowledge are dying, the younger generations of villagers, who work both within and outside the village, know more plants useful to their changing economic opportunities. Subsistence agriculturalists possess the adaptive plant knowledge skills to be stewards of the environment.''With the implementation of a new legal framework for more responsible forest management in Peru, private small-medium forest enterprises (SMFEs) have become the most important social actors engaged in commercial forestry in the Peruvian Amazon. Despite the role of SMFEs in contributing to employment and local economic growth, there is little information with respect to their economic performance and capacities. This is a hindrance to efforts aimed at better characterizing this important sector and its influence on the development and conservation of tropical forests. For this study, 29 private SMFEs were surveyed to inventory their capital assets in order to evaluate their capacities to carry out timber management. Results indicate that SMFEs vary greatly in terms of their produced and natural capital assets, and consequently in their forest management capabilities as well. While most SMFEs lack adequate capacity for sustainable forest management, those that had more valuable timber resources and physical infrastructure attained forest certification. SMFE capacities depend greatly on external mechanisms to ensure consistent technical and financial assistance.''This article presents the results of an investigation concerning the use of medicinal plants by the people of Atlantic Coast. Participant observation during parts of the years was complemented by a five-community, 809-household survey in 1990 and a ten-community botanical collection in 1991. This research is the first to attempt to document the diversity and prevalence of medicinal plant use for this region. The appendix lists 152 plants, along with common names, number and ethnicity of informants, and medicinal uses.''A good indicator species should be easy to sample, identify and measure, and be informative about its ecological context. We analysed data from a nation-wide dung beetle survey in Venezuela in order to assess the indicative response of Oxysternon festivum (Coleoptera: Scarabaeinae) to vegetation and climatic condition in the Orinoco river basin. Our approach consisted of two steps: estimating habitat suitability (HS) from historical records and mean environmental conditions, and analysing four different properties measured during a nationwide survey (occurrence, total abundance, individual body size, and total biomass), in relationship with HS and current environmental covariates measured from remote sensors. O. festivum population status could not be completely explained by historical or current conditions alone, but rather by combinations of both. It was strongly associated with forest vegetation, but abundance, biomass and body size increased under harsher (hotter and drier) climatic conditions. Thus, O. festivum seems to be sensitive to changes in vegetation cover, but tolerant to certain levels of perturbance, where it probably replaces other, more sensitive species. Fully understanding the role of O. festivum requires the analysis of its relationships to other species. We strongly recommend the development of similar protocols for the analysis of other potential ecological indicator species, drawing information from historical and contemporary sources and exploiting the available statistical tools to reveal complex patterns. Given the high diversity of dung beetles, and the growing interest in this group, several candidates will probably be found in most tropical countries.''Wetlands are among the most productive ecosystems on the planet and they are being subjected to heavy pressure by human activities. Changes in wetlands due to human impacts have increased, and it is estimated that half of the global wetland area has been lost during the last century. Documented cases of wetland transformation confirm the trend in Colombia. We used official nationwide wetland maps and land cover maps to quantify the areas within wetlands with non-natural land cover, such as pasture or cropland; and we used spatial analysis tools to identify the regions of the country where greater wetland transformations have occurred. Approximately of the area of mapped wetlands has land cover types related to intensive rural land use. Pastures and other types of land cover related to raising cattle account for 4 million ha and cover of the transformed wetland areas. There are 14 different regions where wetland loss is the most critical in Colombia. We analyzed the wetland areas related to raising cattle, agriculture, deforestation, and mining separately and found different spatial patterns for each activity. Hence, different conservation policies should be implemented across the country to account for spatial differences in the drivers of change.''Mountains are hotspots of biodiversity. Yet, evaluating their importance in global biodiversity inventories requires the adoption of a pertinent definition of mountains. Here, we first compare the well-established WCMC and GMBA definitions, which both use geographical information systems. We show that the WCMC approach arrives at twice the global mountain area and much higher human population numbers than the GMBA one, which is explained by the inclusion of (mostly) low latitude hill country below elevation. We then present an inventory of the mountains based on the GMBA definition. In this inventory, each of the 1003 entries corresponds to a polygon drawn around a mountain or a mountain range and includes the name of the delineated object, the area of mountainous terrain it covers stratified into different bioclimatic belts (all at resolution), and demographic information. Taken together, the 1003 polygons cover 13.8 Mio km2 of mountain terrain, of which 3.3 Mio km2 are in the alpine and nival belts. This corresponds to 83.7% of the global mountain area sensu  GMBA, and 94% of the alpine/nival area. The 386 Mio people inhabiting mountainous terrain within polygons represent 75% of the people globally inhabiting mountains sensu GMBA. This inventory offers a robust framework for the integration of mountain biota in regional and larger scale biodiversity assessments, for biogeography, bioclimatology, macroecology, and conservation research, and for the exploration of a multitude of socio-ecological and climate change-related research questions in mountain biota, including the potential pressure on alpine ecosystems.'"EARTHWATCH expeditions provide teachers with opportunities to work side-by-side with leading scientists, engage first-hand in scientific discovery, use innovative technology, and renew their commitment to teaching. Educators join international EARTHWATCH teams, consisting of members of the public and a research staff, to explore the intricacies of tropical and dry forests, to unearth remains from the past, to monitor endangered ecosystems and species, and to understand the cultural heritage of our world's peoples. EARTHWATCH, an international non-profit organization, sponsors more than 150 research projects in over 55 countries each year. At work in the field, EARTHWATCH teams revel in the mysteries of science and delight in the thrill of discovery. Hands-on scientific investigations inspire teachers to return to their classrooms with enlightened teaching ideas and a strong commitment to global conservation. Working closely with their students, teachers develop innovative classroom projects using the latest technology to promote international sharing of EARTHWATCH project information and subsequent lesson ideas via the Internet. Engaging the reader in six case studies, the following chapter highlights the educational potential of EARTHWATCH and the impact of technology as an innovative teaching tool in the field and the classroom."'Unearthing the Andean Root Crop (Mirabilis & Pav.] Standl.). Although recognized as part of the vibrant array of native roots and tubers that support livelihoods in the Andean region, the root vegetable (Mirabilis expansa & Pav.) Standl.) is little known outside the scattering of communities where it is cultivated and is considered at risk of disappearance. Based on fieldwork carried out in Peru in 2016, this study documents ethnobotanical knowledge of mauka through interviews with 40 farmers across the regions of Ancash, Puno, and Amazonas. Further, it re-evaluates the distribution of the crop and explores opportunities for conservation. Mauka was found to be more widely distributed in Peru than previously thought, and a total of 21 germplasm specimens were collected for ex situ conservation, including one landrace from Puno that had not been previously described. Farmers reported a substantial decline in mauka cultivation in their communities ago, with its lack of commercial value cited as a major reason for abandonment. Promisingly, through facilitating an encounter between several of these farmers and chefs at the renowned Peruvian restaurant Central, we demonstrate that revaluing mauka as a gastronomic ingredient could incentivize ongoing cultivation.''PurposeThe objective of this review is to survey critically the results obtained by the application of laser-induced fluorescence spectroscopy (LIFS) and laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy (LIBS) to the evaluation of the humification degree (HD) of soil organic matter (SOM) directly in untreated, intact whole soils.Materials and methodsA large number of soils of various origin and nature, either native or under various cultivations, land use, and management, at various depths, have been studied to evaluate the HD of their SOM directly in intact whole samples. The LIFS spectra were obtained by either a bench or a portable argon laser apparatus that emits UV-VIS light of high power, whereas the LIBS spectra were obtained using a Q-switched Nd:YAG laser at and discussionThe close correlations found by comparing HLIF values of whole soil samples with values of earlier proposed humification indexes confirmed the applicability of LIFS to assess the HD of SOM in whole soils. The high correlation found between HDLIBS values and HLIF values showed the promising potential of LIBS for the evaluation HD of SOM.ConclusionsThe LIFS technique shows to be a valuable alternative to evaluate the HD of SOM by probing directly the whole solid soil sample, thus avoiding the use of any previous chemical and/or physical treatments or separation procedures of SOM from the mineral soil matrix. The emerging application of LIBS to evaluate the HD of SOM in whole soils appears promising and appealing due to its sensitivity, selectivity, accuracy, and precision.''This paper reviews recent achievements in sustainability science and discusses the research core and framework of sustainability science. We analyze and organize papers published in three selected core journals of sustainability science: Sustainability Science, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, and Sustainability: Science, Practice, & Policy. Papers are organized into three categories: sustainability and its definition, domain-oriented research, and a research framework for sustainability science. First, we provide a short history and define the basic characteristics of sustainability; then we review current efforts in the following research domains: climate, biodiversity, agriculture, fishery, forestry, energy and resources, water, economic development, health, and lifestyle. Finally, we propose a research framework for sustainability science that includes the following components: goal setting, indicator setting, indicator measurement, causal chain analysis, forecasting, backcasting, and chain analysis. We emphasize the importance of this last component for improving situations and attaining goals.''The current loss of biodiversity requires long-term monitoring of the distribution of living organisms, particularly in regions, such as mountains, which are highly sensitive to climatic and environmental changes. In 2007, three alpine parks in N-W Italy started a field program to determine the factors which influence animal biodiversity and identify the most appropriate methods for periodically repeatable monitoring. Twelve altitudinal transects (from montane to alpine belt) were chosen, each composed of sampling units, for a total of 69 monitored plots. In each station, five taxonomic groups (carabids, butterflies, spiders, staphylinids, birds) were systematically sampled and topographic, environmental and micro-climatic variables were recorded. The aim was to assess the distribution of different taxa along altitudinal gradients and the relative influence of geographical, environmental and climatic factors. The data showed that species richness and community composition of invertebrates are mainly determined by altitude and microclimatic conditions, whereas birds are more sensitive to habitat structure. For invertebrates, the strong relationship with temperature suggests their potential sensitivity to climatic variations. The analysis of biodiversity patterns across vegetation belts indicated that the alpine belt hosts few species but a high percentage of endemic and vulnerable species, highlighting its importance for conservation purposes. This work offers a representative sample of the northwestern Italian Alps and it is a first step of a monitoring effort that will be repeated every five years to highlight the response of alpine biodiversity to climate and land-use changes.''Agroforestry is considered a foundation for multi-functional, socio-ecological landscape transformation. Landscapes where agroforestry is practiced contribute to the full range of goods and services from agriculture to natural resources needed for social and ecological sustainability. Yet the barriers to large-scale agroforestry adoption are substantial, rooted in the misalignment between risk-takers (small-scale farmers) and beneficiaries (society at large). Integrated landscape management (ILM) offers a strategy for scaling up agroforestry by mobilizing collaborative efforts among multi-sector stakeholders to address these barriers. This study explores the application of ILM strategies in agroforestry initiatives in two landscapes in Ecuador: the Bio-Corridor led by Ecuadorian society and the Agenda for Transforming Production in the Amazon project of the Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock. The ILM framework provides the conceptual basis for analyzing processes that advance the scaling-up of agroforestry, limits to progress, prospective levers of change to unlock constraints, and partnership strategies to accelerate agroforestry development. The cases demonstrate that ILM strategies are valuable in advancing the knowledge-intensive and adaptive collaborative management processes needed to scale agroforestry adoption.'Abstract not available'A plankton sample from Lake Devikulam, a temperate, high-altitude lake in the Western Ghat range, Kerala state, Southern India contained 24 rotifer species. Its interest lies in the fact that, beside widespread eurythermic, warm-water and one Paleotropical species, one or two new, possibly endemic species were found. The geographic and climatologic isolation of the temperate habitats of the Western Ghats may account for this peculiar taxocoenosis. Polyarthra indica sp. n. is described. The trophi morphology of three Polyarthra species is documented using scanning electron microscopy and its relevance to the taxonomy of Polyarthra discussed.''The Amazon River and its large tributaries are bordered by floodplains covering tens of thousands of square kilometers. Studies on the structure, function, and species composition have allowed a classification of the macrohabitats of Amazonian white-water floodplains, rich in suspended matter and nutrients and of neutral pH Here we describe the use of a similar approach to classify the macrohabitats of the black-water floodplains, rich in humic substances, poor in nutrients and acidic of the Negro River and its black-water tributaries. With 12 subclasses and 25 macrohabitats, the is less complex than the Although white-water and black-water rivers are subjected to similar flood regimes, the low sediment load and shallower declivity of the Negro River lead to reduced sedimentation and erosion processes. Differences in nutrient levels between both ecosystems influence species composition, richness, and growth rates of higher plant communities. Species richness is lower in than in and wood increment and litter production of trees is about half that reported for trees. In addition, lacks highly productive herbaceous plant communities that are common in The classification of macrohabitats provides a valuable tool for the elaboration of sustainable management strategies and conservation. While many macrohabitats are suitable for small-scale agriculture, animal husbandry, forestry and commercial fisheries, the carrying capacity of is limited and allows only for subsistence-level fishery and agriculture, the capture of ornamental fishes, and ecotourism. We argue that the biota of most macrohabitats is highly sensitive to changes in hydrological cycles as caused by river damming and/or by climate change.'"Recent trends in agricultural science have emphasized the need to make local people active participants in the research and development process. Working under the populist banner the focus has been on bridging gaps between development professionals and local people, pointing to the inadequate understanding of insiders' knowledge, practices, and processes by outsiders.The purpose of this paper is to expose the paradox of the prevailing populist conception of power and knowledge, and to challenge the simple notion that social processes follow straightforward and systemic patterns and can thus be manipulated with a transfer of power from outside to inside. The authors view as a social process and knowledge systems in terms of a multiplicity of actors and networks through which certain kinds of information are communicated and negotiated, and not as single, cohesive structures, stocks or stores. The guiding phrase is analysis of which suggests that knowledge is multilayered, fragmentary, and diffuse, not unitary and systematized. It emerges as a product of the interaction and dialogue between different actors and networks of actors with conflicting loyalties who negotiate over claims and battle over contrasting images and contesting interests. The paper challenges those promoting Farmer First approaches to reassess how people in different agroecological and sociocultural contexts make sense of and deal with constraining and enabling processes related to research and extension; how they attempt, through recourse to various discursive means, to enroll one another in their various endeavors; and how they use relations of power in their struggles to gain access to and control of social and political space."'The present review attempts to collate information on various uses of cacti and reflect on their potential to be considered as a possible commercial crop in the era of global climate change. The immense values of cacti has been discussed in view of their aesthetic, nutritional, nutraceutical and industrial uses. Cacti have the potential to mitigate the effects of climate change due to their unique morphological and physiological adaptation mechanisms. Vulnerability and conservation status of different cactus species along with the possible impact of climate change on the diversity of cacti have been discussed. The research and development areas where scarce information is available, are highlighted, so that immediate research and development efforts could be initiated for proper utilization of this important group of plants.'Abstract not available'Long flower tubes have been traditionally viewed as the result of coevolution between plants and specialized, legitimate, long billed-pollinators. However, nectar robbers may have played a role in selection acting on corolla length. This study evaluated whether hummingbirds are more likely to rob flowers with longer corollas from which they cannot efficiently extract nectar with legitimate visits. We compared two hummingbird species with similar bill lengths (Lampornis amethystinus and Colibri thalassinus) visiting floral arrays of artificial flowers with exaggerated corolla lengths, and also evaluated how the birds extract nectar rewards from medium to long corollas of three hummingbird-pollinated plants (Salvia mexicana, S. iodantha and Ipomoea hederifolia). The consequences of foraging for plant fitness were evaluated in terms of seed production per flower. Variation in seed production after legitimate visits of hummingbird-pollinated plants was mostly explained by differences in pollinator effectiveness. Seed production did not increase with the number of legitimate visits to a flower, except in I. hederifolia. We found that birds were more likely to rob both artificial and natural flowers with long corolla tubes. Nectar robbing was not observed on short-corolla flowers of Salvia spp., but robbing negatively affected seed production of long-tubed flowers of I. hederifolia. Significant differences between hummingbird species in the use of this behavior were observed, but males and females behaved alike. We suggest that short-billed hummingbirds with enlarged bill serrations (the edge of both tomia finely toothed) may have an advantage in illegitimately feeding at long-corolla flowers. This raises the possibility of counter-selection on increasing corolla length by nectar robbers.'"BackgroundThe mitochondria produce up to 95% of a eukaryotic cell's energy through oxidative phosphorylation. The proteins involved in this vital process are under high functional constraints. However, metabolic requirements vary across species, potentially modifying selective pressures. We evaluate the adaptive evolution of 12 protein-coding mitochondrial genes in 41 placental mammalian species by assessing amino acid sequence variation and exploring the functional implications of observed variation in secondary and tertiary protein structures.ResultsWide variation in the properties of amino acids were observed at functionally important regions of cytochrome b in species with more-specialized metabolic requirements (such as adaptation to low energy diet or large body size, such as in elephant, dugong, sloth, and pangolin, and adaptation to unusual oxygen requirements, for example diving in cetaceans, flying in bats, and living at high altitudes in alpacas). Signatures of adaptive variation in the NADH dehydrogenase complex were restricted to the loop regions of the transmembrane units which likely function as protons pumps. Evidence of adaptive variation in the cytochrome c oxidase complex was observed mostly at the interface between the mitochondrial and nuclear-encoded subunits, perhaps evidence of co-evolution. The ATP8 subunit, which has an important role in the assembly of F0, exhibited the highest signal of adaptive variation. ATP6, which has an essential role in rotor performance, showed a high adaptive variation in predicted loop areas.ConclusionOur study provides insight into the adaptive evolution of the mtDNA genome in mammals and its implications for the molecular mechanism of oxidative phosphorylation. We present a framework for future experimental characterization of the impact of specific mutations in the function, physiology, and interactions of the mtDNA encoded proteins involved in oxidative phosphorylation."davidii Franchet (Synonym. Buddleia davidii; common name butterfly bush) is a perennial, semi-deciduous, multi-stemmed shrub that is resident in gardens and disturbed areas. Since its introduction to the United Kingdom from China in the late 1800s, B. davidii has become an important component in horticulture and human culture. Despite its popularity as a landscape plant, B. davidii is considered problematic because of its ability to naturalize outside of gardens and rapidly invade and dominate disturbed natural areas across a wide range of physical conditions. The primary goal of this paper is to synthesize what is known about B. davidii in order to understand the impacts caused by the continued presence of B. davidii in gardens and natural landscapes. We also address management of B. davidii and discuss the repercussions of management strategies and policies currently implemented to protect or remove B. davidii from natural ecosystems.'"The of central European ornithology from 1820 to 1850 saw the appearance of the splendid works of Johann Friedrich Naumann, Christian Ludwig Brehm and Friedrich Faber who established a sound basis for the study of birds in this region and beyond. During the second half of the 19th century, many European researchers turned their attention to exotic ornithology because large bird collections arrived in Europe from many different parts of the world. During those decades, the study of European birds made only little progress (despite a major controversy on the instinctive versus purposive behaviour of birds which, however, did not stimulate any field research). The influence of Darwin's theory of evolution (1859) among central European ornithologists remained only slight until the end of the 19th century.From the 1920s onward, central European ornithology changed rapidly and general biological studies were emphasized over the earlier systematic-faunistic work (the This paradigm change had a worldwide impact. It was soon recognized that the bird is a well suited subject for studies into the problems of functional morphology, physiology, behaviour and orientation. Ornithologists (Stresemann, Rensch, Mayr) made the decisive contributions to the biological species concept and to solving the problem of speciation."'Malpighiales are one of the most diverse orders of angiosperms. Molecular phylogenetic studies based on combined sequences of coding genes allowed to identify major lineages but hitherto were unable to resolve relationships among most families. Spacers and introns of the chloroplast genome have recently been shown to provide strong signal for inferring relationships among major angiosperm lineages and within difficult clades. In this study, we employed sequence data of the petD group II intron and the petB-petD spacer for a set of 64 Malpighiales taxa, representing all major lineages. Celastrales and Oxalidales served as outgroups. Sequence alignment was straightforward due to frequent microstructural changes with easily recognizable motifs (e.g., simple sequence repeats), and well defined mutational hotspots. The secondary structure of the complete petD intron was calculated for Idesia polycarpa as an example. Domains I and IV are the most length variable parts of the intron. They contain terminal A/T-rich stem-loop elements that are suggested to elongate independently in different lineages with a slippage mechanism earlier reported from the P8 stem-loop of the trnL intron. Parsimony and Bayesian analyses of the petD dataset yielded trees largely congruent with results from earlier multigene studies but statistical support of nodes was generally higher. For the first time a deep node of the Malpighiales backbone, a clade comprising Achariaceae, Violaceae, Malesherbiaceae, Turneraceae, Passifloraceae, and a lineage received significant statistical support (83% JK, 1.00 PP) from plastid DNA sequences.''High-yield agricultural output per acre of been a boon to mankind and to nature. If agricultural efficiency was the same as in the 1950s, the world would need three times the cropland to produce food supply. That would mean that 15-16 million mi2 of forest would have been the global forest area available today. Rising population and increased affluence will require a tripling of agricultural efficiency in the next 50 years if we are to protect wildlife at the same time. More investment in agricultural research and education will be required, but this is what produced the previous green revolution.''Regional climate modelling is becoming increasingly popular. The most common technique employs high resolution limited-area models to economically produce detaited climatologies for selected regions. A short review is presented of the underlying principles, recent simulations limitations of the method and future prospects.''Dogwoods evolved in two main lineages, a red-fruited line in which the inflorescences have basal bracts, and a blue-(or white-)fruited line in which the bracts are rudimentary or lacking. The 15 species are mostly well marked, whereas roughly 50 if some newer treatments be mostly hard to tell apart. Red-line ovules are tenuinucellate, blue-line ovules crassinucellate. Dividing the red line separates cornelian cherries from the showy-bracted species; dividing the latter separates dwarf cornels from big-bracted dogwoods. Adding in the blue line there are thus four subgroups, which differ with regard to and with regard to iridoid glucosides, among other things. I downplay further subdivision (into opposite- and alternateleaved blue-line groups, for instance) and focus on few traits because I aim to trace the subgroups backward in the fossil record, to decide the direction of evolutionary changes, and to infer the causes for divergence.Unlike pollen, leaves, and wood, fossil dogwood fruits can often be assigned to one of the four subgroups and sometimes to a species group within a subgroup.Dunstania (based on fruits from early Tertiary and here transferred cornelian cherry subgroup) or something close to the dunstanias gave rise to modernC. volkensii of Africa and four related species found today in California and Eurasia. Fossil fruit-stones of the blue line, like their modern counterparts, can be subglobose, compressed and asymmetric, fluted, or topped by a deep depression. Such a deep depression serves to link a fossil to the extant speciesC. alternifolia andC. controversa, but other features of the blue-line fruitstones, overlapping and less constant, cannot be used to prove a tie to groups within the blue line.Evidence of several kinds makes the blue-line dogwoods oldest and connectsCornus to the nyssoids:Nyssa, Camptotheca, andDavidia. Commonly called Nyssaceae after 1910, when Wangerin got their traits wrong, the nyssoids are surer relatives ofCornus than any of cornaceous genera.Mastixia, however, may be the actual sister group because it shares withCornus 1-celled 2-armed hairs that nyssoids lack.Cornus, nyssoids, and mastixioids (modernMastixia and its closest fossil allies) are here regarded as the true Cornaceae. Other genera once thought to be cornaceous are doubtfully to not at all related. As is now widely known, discordant features makeCorokia andKaliphora (for example) out of place in the Cornaceae, butAucuba andGarrya (for example) are neither easily excluded by a listing of their traits nor easily included by construction of branched diagrams.The novelty that brought about the radiation of true cornads was, I think, epigyny, followed fairly quickly by the hard endocarp and singleseeded locules. Mastixioid fruits of the late Cretaceous were dry or leathery and smaller than their successors. This suggests that early members of the family spread abiotically or by means of animals that ate whole plants. Bigger, fleshier fruits came later through interaction with evolving frugivores. The cause of early radiation withinCornus probably was interaction with insect predators and pollinators. One species of the blue line escaped competition for spring pollinators by switching to fall flowering and thereby kept some traits that other dogwoods lost. Though birds are now the main dispersers of the dogwoods, rodents likely play a minor role, and monkeys likely played a major role when compound fruits evolved. Though gynoecial reduction was the rule in dogwoods,C. (Dunstania) multiple seed chambers reflect an evolutionary increase. I postulate that 4-merous flower with 2-merous ovary has a strong developmental tie to pairing of the leaves and branches.''A floristic inventory of woody plants was conducted in the tropical forest vegetation of Indigenous Territory and National Park Bolivia. All stems with a diameter at breast height were sampled in two terra firme and two floodplain forest transects, resulting in a total of 447 species and 1,564 individuals. Results correspond fairly well with other Bolivian and neotropical studies in terms of species distribution patterns, physiognomy, family distribution, growth forms, as well as species and family richness. Our finding that only 6% of all species occurred in all four transects, while 69% was found in only one transect, supports the hypothesis that Amazonian plant communities are dominated by a limited set of species, whereas the large majority of species follows a patchy distribution. However, Alpha index values were much higher than was expected from literature data. It is hypothesized that this might be related to high local precipitation levels and/or natural and (historical) anthropogenic disturbance regimes. Although much more research is necessary, our results suggest that TIPNIS represents a strongly underestimated local center of plant diversity.''Cacao (Theobroma cacao L.) is an important economic crop in the Bolivian Amazon. Bolivian farmers both cultivate cacao, and extract fruits from wild stands in the Beni River region and in valleys of the Andes foothills. The germplasm group traditionally used is presently referred to as Nacional (CNB). Using DNA fingerprinting technology based on microsatellite markers, we genotyped 164 Bolivian cacao accessions, including both cultivated and wild CNB accessions sampled from the Amazonian regions of La Paz and Beni, and compared their SSR profiles with 78 reference Forastero accessions from Amazonian cacao populations, including germplasm from the Ucayali region of Peru. Results of multivariate ordination and analysis of molecular variance show that CNB cacao has a unique genetic profile that is significantly different from the known cacao germplasm groups in South America. The results also show that cultivated CNB and wild CNB populations in the Beni River share a similar genetic profile, suggesting that the cultivated CNB is of indigenous origin in Bolivia. The level of genetic diversity, measured by allele richness and gene diversity in the Bolivian cacao, is moderately high, but was significantly lower than gene diversity in the other Amazonian cacao populations. Significant spatial genetic structure was detected in the wild CNB population, using analysis of autocorrelation and Mantel tests This finding is also highly valuable to support in situ conservation and sustainable use of CNB genetic diversity in Bolivia.''Globally, treeline in mountain landscapes is reported to be sensitive to projected warming by climate change. Betula utilis (Himalayan birch), a principal tree species defining the natural treeline in Himalayas, is a potential indicator species to track the signal of climate change. The present study models the ensemble distribution of B. utilis using Biomod2 package for present and future covering 2050 and 2070). The final ensemble model obtained had and thus indicating robustness of the model. We assessed change in the habitat suitability, area expansion and contraction based on ensemble model using SDM Toolbox. The highly suitable area for B. utilis is predicted to shift towards the eastern parts of Himalayas in future, with suitability declining towards the western part of Himalayas. The study, to our best knowledge, for the first time used Ecospat package to assess niche dynamics (i.e. overlap, similarity and equivalency) of B. utilis, which predicted the climatic niche of this treeline species is moderately shifting in future scenarios. Further, the PCA analysis indicated that significant variation (33.45% on PC1 and 24.63% on PC2) exists in the climatic conditions between current and future scenarios. The similarity and equivalency test revealed that B. utilis niche is similar but not identical between current and future climate change scenarios. Hopefully, the results from the present study will contribute significantly in understanding the impacts of climate change in Himalayas with wide implications for scientifically-informed adaptation and mitigation strategies.''Most Americans are at least three generations removed from the farm, thereby at least three generations removed from the reality of where their food comes from. Not surprisingly, there are many misconceptions about modern food production, including the potential collateral environmental damage attributed to agriculture, particularly the application of pesticides. However, the implication of conventional agriculture in the broader narrative of wildlife species status outcomes (SSOs) lacks context and relativity. Since the dawn of civilization, humans have had a profound impact on their environment. Originating as hunter-gatherer societies, our ancient ancestors initially exploited anything that could be consumed or brought to bear. With the advent of the humans began manipulating their environments to maximize available resources. Urban centers propagated and flourished proximal to agricultural origins, where modern societies have been built primarily on an abundance of food. As societies and continue to develop, an inevitable economic transition occurs from agriculture to industry/service predominance, culminating in a corresponding shift in land use. Developed countries have typically experienced maximal expansion of the agricultural frontier, where farmland is now steadily eroding by a proverbial flood of urban development. In contrast, in developing countries, this shift in economic development has not yet fully manifested and the agricultural footprint continues to expand at the expense of native habitats. Thus, the relative influence of on SSOs, in terms of land use, is primarily dependent on economic developmental status, which can be, at least in part, ameliorated via technology by increasing yield from existing land. Moreover, in addition to the land use challenge, there are multiple other factors affecting wildlife SSOs, including a figurative plague of invasive species, a literal plague of disease, a barrage of buildings, bumpers, grilles, and windshields to collide with, light pollution to confuse cues with, poachers to contend with, and even more complicated factors such as climate change. Being an easy target does not mean pesticides are the right target, and this fixation can potentially detract from public awareness regarding the primary drivers affecting SSOs as well as the opportunity to proactively address them. So, relatively speaking, how do these other factors compare to in terms of driving SSOs? Moreover, why is the popular media so fixated on the pesticide narrative? Based on the available evidence, this manuscript attempts to address these questions from a holistic and relative perspective within the context of land use change, economic development, population growth, and associated implications of global connectivity and commerce.'''Abstract not availableAbstract not availablerule predicts increasing body sizes at higher elevations. The elevational rule predicts an increase of elevational range size with higher elevations. Both rules have often been related to effects of temperature. Larger bodies allow more efficient heat preservation at lower temperature, explaining rule. Higher temperature variability may select for adaptations that allow increased range sizes, explaining rule. The generality of both rules has been challenged and evidence towards explanatory mechanisms has been equivocal. We investigated temperature and its variability as explanations for and rule in moths along an elevation gradient in Switzerland. In particular, we tested for relationships between elevation, temperature and body size across almost 300 species of Macrolepidoptera along a gradient from 600 to 2400 m a.s.l. The gradient was resampled throughout the vegetation season, which allowed assessing temperature effects independently from elevation. We controlled analyses for covariate traits of moths and their phylogeny. We found a positive relationship between body size and elevation, but no link with temperature. Furthermore, there was no positive link between average elevation and elevational range, but there was between temperature variability and elevational range. We conclude that mechanisms other than temperature can lead to increasing body sizes with elevation (supporting pattern, but not the mechanism). Contrary to that, data support the mechanism for rule: high temperature variability is associated with large ranges. However, because temperature variability is not necessarily increasing with elevation, it may not always lead to the geographic pattern predicted.''DNA studies are revealing the extent of hidden, or cryptic, biodiversity. Two new studies challenge paradigms about cryptic biodiversity and highlight the importance of adding a historical and biogeographic dimension to biodiversity research.'Abstract not available"Integration into a market economy or economic development can erode the quality of life of indigenous people by, for example, increasing income inequalities. The Kuznets hypothesis predicts that the link between income inequality and income (a proxy for economic development) resembles an inverted U. We test the hypothesis using a survey of 511 households from 59 villages of Tsimane' Amerindians, a horticultural-foraging society in the tropical rain forest of Bolivia. We measure village inequalities of three economic outcomes: income, imputed annual value of rice production, and wealth. We used three indices of inequality: the coefficient of variation, the standard deviation of the logarithm, and the Gini coefficient. Explanatory variables include either income and income squared, wealth and wealth squared, or imputed annual rice production and production squared. We used village-to-town distance as a control. We find little evidence that integration to the market increases inequalities of economic outcomes, with two exceptions: Wealth bore the predicted inverted U-shaped relation with wealth inequalities, and imputed rice production bore a U-shaped relation to inequality, but only when (a) using adult equivalents to express household size and (b) the Gini coefficient and the coefficient of variation to measure inequality; in no case were results robust to different econometric specifications. We advance several explanations for why economic development might not accentuate economic inequalities among relatively autarkic rural economies."'Two hundred and eighty seven isolates of Rhizobium nodulating Phaseolus vulgaris L. were sampled in France from four geographically distant field populations. They were characterized by their colony morphology and by plasmid profiles. A representative sample was further characterized: a) by the ability of each isolate to nodulate a potential alternative host Leucaena leucocephala and to grow on specific media, and b) by RFLP analysis of PCR amplified 16S rRNA genes. On the basis of their phenotypic and genetic characteristics the isolates could be assigned either to Rhizobium leguminosarum bv phaseoli, or to R. tropici. The two species co-occurred at three sites. R. leguminosarum bv phaseoli represented 2%, 4%, 72% and 100% of the population at the four different sites. Eighteen and 22 different plasmid profiles were identified within R. tropici and R. leguminosarum bv phaseoli, respectively. Some of them were conserved between distant geographical regions. The fact that R. tropici was found in France shows that this species is not limited to tropical regions and gives additional evidence of the multi-specific nature of the Phaseolus microsymbiont, even over a geographically limited area.''In southern Aragua state, area regarded as high priority for local and national sources of income and traditions are related to a history of manufacturing wood products including furniture and woodcraft made of the native tree species Samanea saman. However, scarcity of wood has recently become a major constraint for people of Magdaleno, putting at risk traditional knowledge and employment opportunities. Based on an integrated approach taking into account biophysical, ecological, social and technological issues, a broad group of potential tree species were assessed in a landscape-scale analysis to promote a plantation project. Analysis of policy implications is made in the context of national legislation, socio-economic, institutional and environmental issues. The role of research and communication to improve decision-making processes at all scales are also examined. At least three wood species (Samanea saman, Acacia mangium and Gmelina arborea) with a total of 37 sites and an aggregate area of approximately were found to be potentially able to sustain a local development initiative for all five municipalities located in southern Aragua state. In terms of implementation, small-scale forestry (SSF) is viewed as a new policy shift for forest management according to the new national forest legislation where local development is a central element. SSF faces several constraints and faces a wide variety of political issues. Critical among these issues are: (a) how SSF approaches deal with legislation and land tenure regulations; (b) the creation of community-based forest enterprises based on simplified management plans, (c) a broad assessment of potential ecosystem services delivered by forest plantations; and (d) improving communication of research for decision-making. Decentralization and institutional strengthening are identified as two basic conditions for pursuing sustainable management.'one of the largest genera within Pleurothallidinae, was recently recircumscribed to include a few hundred more species, most of which had previously been assigned to Pleurothallis. Here, a new phylogenetic analysis of Stelis and closely related genera based on DNA sequences from nuclear ITS and chloroplast matK, based on a much larger sample, is presented; it includes more than 100 species assigned to Stelis and covers all proposed groupings within the genus, many of which have not previously been represented. Clades are proposed to enable easier discussion of groups of closely related species; each clade is characterized morphologically, ecologically, and geographically to explain the evidence found in the molecular analysis. Discussion of the evolutionary trends of character states found in the genus in its broad sense is given. The current taxonomy of the group is given and the possible taxonomical implications of the findings presented here are discussed.''The Andean and preandean regions are characterized by the presence of several endorheic drainage basins, each of which has evolved a characteristic fish fauna, some of which are poorly known or hitherto inaccessible. We describe here a new species of Trichomycterus from Aguarague National Park, Bolivia. Trichomycterus is considered to belong to a species assemblage comprised of and a group diagnosed by three putative apomorphic conditions: (1) base of the maxillary barbel wide and engrossed like a skin flap or fold, (2) premaxillary bone smaller than maxilla, and (3) odontodes embedded in thick integument that covers interopercle. Alternatively, and share an unusual number of five or fewer abdominal vertebrae, which is a synapomorphy for the group composed of Scleronema, Ituglanis, and the Stegophilinae+Tridentinae+Vandelliinae+Glanapteryginae+Sarcoglanidinae clade. The new species differs from all congeners in having the following combination of characters: caudal peduncle depth 13.5 16.0% SL, 15 or 16 pairs of ribs, 15 dorsal procurrent rays, 12 ventral procurrent rays, 8 pectoral fin rays; 9 anal fin rays; barbels and skin of trunk with numerous, minute thread-like papillae.'Geographical, and Consumption Patterns of Traditional Vegetables in Sociolinguistic Communities in Benin: Implications for Domestication and Utilization. Traditional vegetables in many African rural areas are an important part of the daily diet and economy but have been poorly documented until recently. We undertook a survey in Benin on the diversity and patterns of use of traditional vegetables by 18 sociolinguistic groups in the three major phytogeographical regions. Major groups include the Fon, Bariba, Adja, Cotafon, and Ditammari. Focus groups and field visits were conducted in 49 villages. Species richness at the country level and in phytogeographical regions was estimated using species accumulation curves. Our results indicated that 245 species belonging to 62 families are used as vegetable resources all over the country. The most frequently used families include Amaranthaceae, Asteraceae, Cucurbitaceae, and Leguminoseae. About 80% of collected vegetables are wild resources; only 19% were clearly under cultivation. Herbs were the most widely consumed life form. The Guinean and the Sudanian regions exhibit similar species richness while in the region vegetable richness is higher. The use of a species as a vegetable depends not only on attributes but also on geographical occurrence. Based on this inventory, we identified needs for further research and activities for both the conservation and promotion of traditional vegetables.''Since 1990, an interdisciplinary and interinstitutional team of scientists has led a research-intervention initiative examining pesticide impacts on agricultural production, human health, and the environment in the highly commercial potato growing province of Carchi, Ecuador. This article synthesizes the key results of that initiative, analyzes the lessons concerning the process of transdisciplinary ecosystems health research from a methodological perspective, and identifies priority future research opportunities. Research on this initiative has covered a broad range of activities with a full spectrum of rural stakeholders. These have included: health studies of the incidence of pesticide poisonings and the neurological impacts of pesticide exposure on farmers and their families; environmental and personal exposure studies; economic studies on the role of pesticides in agricultural production; sociological studies of farmers attitudes, knowledge, and practices related to pesticide use; and participatory interventions to reduce pesticide-related impacts. Research results have shown that pesticide poisoning incidence in the potato growing zones of Carchi, Ecuador match the highest reported rates in the world. A majority of farm household members suffer significant neurological impairment. Economic and participatory research has shown that there are viable alternatives to the use of Class 1 highly toxic pesticides in the zone. Nevertheless, cultural and political factors are impeding substantial changes in current practices. Future research-intervention activities include longitudinal analyses of the health, environmental, and production impacts of participatory interventions, and a scaling up of analyses to encompass other regions in the Andean mountain ecosystem with more limited indicators of key constructs. ''We sequenced mitochondrial genes of otter (Lontra longicaudis and Pteronura brasiliensis) and dolphin (Inia sp.) species to provide new systematics data and to test hypotheses that offer explanations as to the biodiversity. Four of the 11 hypotheses tested --Paleogeography (PH), Recent Lagoon (RLH), Hydrogeological Recent Change (HRCH), and Refugia (RH)-- support the evolution of these three species. As part of this comparative phylogenetic study, we also considered the degree of water dependence of each species. For the least water dependent of the three species, L. longicaudis, only HRCH and RH had an influence on genetic structure, although it was relatively minor. For the more water dependent otter species, P. brasiliensis, our analyses stressed the significance of a single PH event along with two lesser important PH events. However, its gene diversification basically occurred during the Pleistocene and our analyses did detect a relatively small influence of HRCH and RH. For the completely water dependent species, Inia, we detected two significant PH events. Its genetic structure was considerably more developed than in either otter species, although the Pleistocene was a very important period of genetic diversification for the pink river dolphins (HRCH and RLH). Each species has ancestors with different geographical origins and genomes with different capacities to it difficult to rely on a generalized hypothesis to understand the origins of the extremely rich biodiversity.''The ancestral tradition of gathering nontimber products in the Andean forests of Patagonia seems to be on the verge of disappearing. Edible wild plant knowledge and differential patterns of use have been compared in two populations of different economic and cultural small rural Mapuche community (Rams), and an outlying population (El Frutillar). The first is located in an herbaceous steppe far from the nearest Andean forest while the second is located outside the town of Bariloche, near the forests of Nahuel Huapi National Park. Semistructured interviews and related ecological variables were compared in both communities. In the past, both communities utilized nontimber forest products from the Andean Temperate forests. However, today, cost and benefit trade-offs appear to affect when and what edible resources are collected. The people from El Frutillar gather fewer wild plants in spite of the high plant abundance and the notorious food scarcity they suffer. The Mapuche people use more nutritious resources, more native species, spend longer traveling to the gathering site, and longer handling time preparing edible plants.'"Ethnoveterinary research, development, and extension (ERD&E) has emerged as a rich field for discovering, adapting, and transferring appropriate and sustainable animal health technologies to rural and peri-urban stockraisers, especially in Third World countries. This field is defined as the holistic, interdisciplinary study of local knowledge and practices, together with the social structure in which they are embedded, that pertain to the healthcare and healthful husbandry of animals used for a multitude of purposes. Especially in the Third World, livestock play a large number of important roles that are little understood or appreciated in today's First World. Study of these benefits and their role in Third World livelihoods offers numerous lessons that span not only the virtues but also some of the technical, ethical, and methodological challenges of working with local knowledge. ERD&E emerged as an internationally recognized branch of research in the mid-1970s largely in response to an increasing concern with animal health in the context of practical, field-level projects in animal agriculture. As many as 90% of the world's population continue to rely mainly on their own localized ethnomedicine for the bulk of their personal healthcare as well as their veterinary needs. With the escalating costs of Western healthcare technologies, it is essential to build upon this local knowledge. Of course, ethnoscience is not perfect, and recognition of the immense value of ERD&E does not imply that conventional science is to be abandoned. Rather each has much to learn from the other. Making knowledge by judiciously drawing upon insider and outsider, site-specific and universalistic, and both old and new understandings can take us back to a brighter development future."concept of ecosystem services from landscapes is rapidly gaining momentum as a language to communicate values and benefits to scientists and lay alike. Landscape ecology has an enormous contribution to make to this field, and one could argue, uniquely so. Tools developed or adapted for landscape ecology are being increasingly used to assist with the quantification, modelling, mapping, and valuing of ecosystem services. Several of these tools and methods encased therein are described among the eleven papers presented in this special issue, and their application has the potential to facilitate the management and promotion of services within ecosystems. Papers are associated with each of the four key categories of services that ecosystems provide to humans: supporting, provisioning, regulating, and cultural. The papers represent work conducted in eleven different countries, especially from South America. Each carries a unique approach to address a particular question pertaining to a particular set of ecosystem services. These studies are designed to inform and improve the economic, environmental and social values of the ecosystem services. This knowledge should help to develop new management alternatives for sustaining and planning ecosystems and the services they provide at different scales in space and time. We believe that these papers will create interest and inform management of some potential methods to evaluate ecosystem services at the landscape level with an integrative approach, offering new tools for management and conservation.''This opinion piece summarizes the content of the first issue of the Forum on Arctic Change and provides an introduction to some matters that will be discussed in the second issue of the Forum. In the first issue of the Forum on Arctic Change, there is a brief summary of the International Workshop on Communicating the Science and Impacts of Fundamental Earth System Change: a Focus on Ice-Snow-Water. This summary provides the overall context for the other opinion pieces in this issue of the Forum for Arctic Change which have been written by participants of that workshop.'Abstract not available'A new species, Mesosphaerum caatingense Harley & J.F.B.Pastore (Lamiaceae: tribe Ocimeae: subtribe Hyptidinae), is described from the semi-arid Northeast region of Brazil known as the Caatinga biome, included under the domain of the STDF (Seasonally Tropical Dry Forest). The generic placement and its conservation status are assessed and its phenology is discussed. The new species is compared with some of its morphologically allied species, M. pectinatum, M. irwinii and M. sidifolium. Illustrations, photographs, a distribution map and a key to Brazilian species are also provided.'"More and more development projects are using group or community approaches to disseminate technology and resources. It is believed that using such an approach will provide a safety net as well as social control to ensure the sustainability of the technology and resource. However, little is known of the exact process and social networks that are mobilized and used in using such an approach. Particular attention is devoted in the paper to gender differences and the concept of social capital for analyzing social networks. Cases and the analysis were drawn from Heifer Project International's efforts to disseminate improved goat breeds through a village group process in Tanzania. An examination of these case studies shows that internal processes are crucial in understanding technology transfer. In all groups, a person's social capital did determine whether a member got a goat, and a person's ability to access and manage information also played an important role. Of all the groups, the most successful and sustainable had a history of interaction and were involved within several projects in which the members met each other in different arenas."'There is no place on Earth like the Galapagos Islands and no better destination to discuss the reality of evolution. Under the theme ?Why Does Evolution Matter?, the University San Francisco of Quito (USFQ), Ecuador, and its Galapagos Institute for the Arts and Sciences (GAIAS), organized the III World Evolution Summit in San Crist?bal Island. The 200-attendee meeting took place on 1 to 5 June 2013; it included 12 keynote speakers, 20 oral presentations by international scholars, and 31 posters by faculty, postdocs, and graduate and undergraduate students. The Summit encompassed five sessions: evolution and society, pre-cellular evolution and the RNA world, behavior and environment, genome, and microbes and diseases. USFQ and GAIAS launched officially the Lynn Margulis Center for Evolutionary Biology and showcased the Galapagos Science Center, in San Crist?bal, an impressive research facility conceptualized in partnership with the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA. USFQ and GAIAS excelled at managing the conference with exceptional vision and at highlighting the relevance of Galapagos in the history of modern evolutionary thinking; Charles Darwin?s visit to this volcanic archipelago in 1835 unfolded unprecedented scientific interest in what today is a matchless World Heritage.''The purpose of this paper is to discuss a methodology for the implementation of a participative plan for forest use and management in a rural community. We present an experience carried out in an aboriginal community located in the biosphere in Northern Argentina. We developed a methodology to work with the community to assess the quality of the forest resources and to find out the causes of degradation. We worked at three levels: the community council, the community, and the school. The community has a very short-term vision. The setup, the feasibility, and the implementation of the plan is highly dependent on the willingness of the community to participate. It is so far the first attempt, in Yungas region, to develop a multi-level methodology to work with local communities to implement a forest-management plan. Findings and recommendations could be useful for others who would like to work in similar contexts.''Soil erosion by water is a serious problem all over the world. In China, about 1 790 000 km2 of land suffers from water erosion, which accounts for 18.3% of total area. This study was conducted in the Liao watershed in Jiangxi Province to assess annual soil erosion and sediment yield using the Universal Soil Loss Equation (USLE). A geographic information system (GIS) was used to generate maps of the USLE factors, which include rainfall erosivity (R), soil erodibility (K), slope length and steepness (LS), cover (C), and conservation practice (P) factors. By integrating these factors in a GIS, a spatial distribution of soil erosion over the Liao watershed was obtained. The soil erosion was found to vary from nil for flat and well-covered areas to more than 500 t/ha/a in mountainous places with sparse vegetation. The average soil erosion is 18.2 t/ha/a with a standard deviation of 109.3 t/ha/a. The spatial distribution of erosion classes was estimated. About 39.5% of the watershed is under the tolerant erosion rate, and 60.5% of the study area experienced erosion to different extents. A spatially distributed sediment delivery ratio (SDR) module was developed to account for soil erosion and deposition. It was found that the SDR value at the outlet of the Liao watershed was 0.206, and the sediment yield was 1.32 million t/a, which was 20% higher than the measured sediment. The results can be used to identify the soil erosion hot spots and develop the best soil erosion management practices and help estimate the quantity of soil that was transported into the downstream Poyang Lake.''We analyzed the butterfly communities in the newly designed city parks (area C), opened habitat of Tsukuba City, central Japan. The area constituted a natural ecological experiment on the mainland for clarifying the pattern and process of faunal immigration. We compared butterfly communities in area C with those in two other areas in the light of the theory of island biogeography and the concept of generalist/specialist. Our results showed the following: (1) Fewer species were found in area C than in other areas, due largely to the absence of many specialist types, restricted and habitat specialists, and/or low density species in the area. Generalist types, widespread and habitat generalists, and/or high density species predominated in area C. (2) The difference in the species numbers among the three sections within area C could be explained by the habitat structure in and around the respective sections. (3) The densities of many species were low in area C, probably due to its man-modified habitat structure. In particular, several species occurred at extremely low densities in area C, but at high densities in other areas. (4) The internal structure of the habitat island butterfly community in area C was almost perfectly consistent with that of communities that appear during the colonization of an island. Our results demonstrate that the synergetic application of the generalist/specialist concept and the island biogeography theory is effective for the understanding of the patterns and structures of habitat island communities.''Different human societies have different biodiversity around them; there is diversity in their food habits, ailments, occupations, daily routine, social customs, needs, and notions about natural phenomena. They have different domestic animals, and consequently, different veterinary diseases to manage. These circumstances have given rise to very diverse experiences among indigenous societies about plant wealth around them. Over generations, this has made very rich additions to the interrelationships between man and plant wealth around him. Faith, tradition, taboos and several such associations with forests and particular plant species have helped in conservation of plant diversity. The richness of plant diversity in any area, is not evaluated merely by the number of species occurring there, but by the intensity of associations and dependence of the indigenous communities on that plant wealth. Respect for this indigenous knowledge, and relationship helps in conservation.''Understanding the use of space is essential to promote effective conservation actions, particularly to xenarthran species that are threatened by habitat loss, poaching, and other environment degradation. Information regarding the use of space by the giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla), a large and vulnerable Neotropical mammal, is sparse and sometimes inconsistent in the scientific literature. Our aims are (1) to present an updated overview of giant anteater use of space; (2) to identify knowledge gaps; and (3) to recommend the next steps to advance this knowledge. We compiled information from 53 publications regarding the key aspects of space use: movement patterns, home range size and overlap, use. We identified the following research priorities: (a) the need of studies on different populations throughout the range, including continuous native forest areas, and different spatial scales; (b) to develop research on dispersal by the individuals; (c) to understand movement patterns based on trajectory-related methods; (d) to comprehend home range overlap and territoriality ecological meaning; and (e) habitat selection and movement patterns on human-modified landscapes.''Indigenous agricultural practices in semiarid West Africa must be seen as dynamic operations that serve different ends. These ends are not only agricultural, but symbolic. By highlighting how farmers in the Central Plateau region of Burkina Faso organize their farming strategies, the as arguments developed by Richards (1987, 1993) can be both challenged and extended from the humid forest zone of West Africa. Farmers, it can be argued, are also keen in order to meet their goals they invest considerable effort in overcoming ecological constraints, and also spend time forging links with various institutions working for agricultural development. Technologies and ideas from multiple those from some innovative development institutions are incorporated in agricultural planning and practices in different ways, by different farmers, and for different reasons. The prospect of locally initiated and managed agricultural change emerging on the Central Plateau will be dependent upon this dialogue between farmer innovation, local organizations, and development projects.Agricultural systems are, in many cases, consciously through sustained investment in the land and in natural resource management. Dryland management efforts need to recognize the strategic and planned nature of these activities, if they are to work with farmers who are actively building and improving their own livelihood systems.''Until the beginning of the twentieth century there were extensive subtropical seasonal thorny forests surrounding the Pampas grasslands of Argentina, known as the In central Argentina there still exist relicts of the Espinal, belonging to the These forests were never described or analyzed in detail. In 2004 we studied 10 randomly located plots of All individuals and stems of woody species were counted and their diameters at breast height (DBH) were measured; individuals with DBH were considered juveniles. We recorded 2,300 woody individuals/ha corresponding to 12 species. The more constant species are the palm Trithrinax campestris (100%), Celtis tala (90%), Prosopis alba and Celtis pallida (both 50%). The plots are relatively homogeneous, but once classified with cluster analysis two groups are formed according to the relative abundance of C. tala and T. campestris; the latter species is more frequent in more open or fire-disturbed habitats. The results of Canonical Analysis of Principal coordinates are in agreement with the classification. We postulate that the differences between both groups are caused by a differential degree of disturbance (probably caused by fires). Both dominant species show abundant juveniles, and the invasion by exotic woody species is limited. These forest relicts are among the last remnants of the massive expansions of forests in central Argentina. Besides their historical value, an urgent call is made for their preservation, sustainable use and defence from biological invasions.''The Neotropical otter, Lontra longicaudis, is considered near threatened by the IUCN, and with declining populations, it is still one of the lesser known species of otter in the world. Like other otter species, L. longicaudis is associated with water courses in a large variety of habitats and biomes across its area of distribution. Here, we present a review of the available literature on L. longicaudis aiming to update information on its distribution, ecology and systematics. We performed online searches using combinations of the words L. longicaudis, river otter, Neotropical otter, nutria and lobito del limiting our search to Recent information on evolutionary history and biogeographic patterns, distribution patterns, as well as on the ecology of the species across a large part of its distribution range, including trophic ecology and intraspecific communication, was retrieved. We found severe gaps in knowledge including aspects of life history, ground validation of new potential distribution areas and long-term population monitoring aiming at designing more efficient conservation measures and techniques. In this context, we conclude by presenting perspectives for future studies.''Given the heavy reliance placed on and investment in protected areas for biological conservation, there has been much debate as to how effective these are in representing biodiversity features within their boundaries. The majority of studies addressing this issue have been conducted on a regional or national basis, precluding a broad picture of patterns of representation at the species level. We present a global assessment of the representation of the terrestrial geographic ranges of complete taxonomic groups: all known extant amphibians, birds and mammals (20,736 species) within the current global system of protected areas. We conclude that it is necessary substantially to improve the levels of coverage of the geographic ranges of the majority of species, even the widespread ones. This is particularly true for rare species, which might be assumed to be foci for protected area systems. To improve on the low levels of coverage of vertebrate ranges attained by the existing areas, key regions should be targeted, but heavy reliance will also have to be placed on approaches to sustaining populations in the wider, unprotected landscape.''Research on forest management impact focuses mainly on timber stands, and leaves out the unproductive forest environments. These stands are spatially mixed with timber forests. The objective was to evaluate richness and density of birds in timber Nothofagus pumilio forests and their unproductive associated environments, and discuss forest management implications. These stands showed significant differences in their forest structure, which generate a great variety of ecological environments. A total of 1881 individuals belonging to 30 bird species were observed during the sampling, in spring and summer seasons. These species were mainly migratory and insectivores, Passeriforms being the most important group. From 12 to were found, which varied with the forest environments and seasons. Timber stands of Nothofagus pumilio support a low number of bird species. Most of them are opportunistic and a few prefer these woods over other forested or afforested areas. Low bird density and richness characterize these austral forests, which share their diversity with a high variety of ecosystems along Patagonia. Timber N. pumilio forests has a marginal value for bird species conservation, considering its richness, density and the percentage of this forest in the total forested landscape of Tierra del Fuego (Argentina).''Purpose of ReviewLeprosy is one of the first pathologies described in the history of mankind. However, the ecology, transmission, and pathogenicity of the incriminated bacilli remain poorly understood. Despite effective treatment freely distributed worldwide since 1995, around 200,000 new cases continue to be detected yearly, mostly in the tropics. This review aims to discuss the unique characteristics of leprosy in Amazonian countries, which exhibit a very heterogeneous prevalence among human and animal reservoirs.Recent FindingsGroundbreaking discoveries made in the last have challenged the dogmas about leprosy reservoirs, transmission, and treatment. The discovery of a new leprosy causative agent in 2008 and the scientific proof of zoonosis transmission of leprosy by nine-banded armadillos in the southern USA in 2011 challenged the prospects of leprosy eradication. In the Amazonian biome, nine-banded and other armadillo species are present but the lack of large-scale studies does not yet allow accurate assessment of the zoonotic risk. Brazil is the second country in the world reporting the highest number of new leprosy cases annually. The disease is also present, albeit with different rates, in all neighboring countries. Throughout the Amazonian biome, leprosy is mainly found in hyperendemic foci, conducive to the emergence and transmission of drug-resistant strains.SummaryThe deepening of current knowledge on leprosy reservoirs, transmission, and therapeutic issues, with the One Health approach and the help of molecular biology, will allow a better understanding and management of the public health issues and challenges related to leprosy in Amazonia.''The slash and mulch system of or is a pre-hispanic system of bean production found throughout much of Central America. However, land use pressures have forced farmers to shorten the traditional fallow period, thus resulting in decreasing productivity. A potential solution is to enrich the fallow by using leguminous nitrogen-fixing trees. The enriched fallow systems evaluated in this study include both single and mixed species treatments: 1) Erythrina poeppigiana; 2) Calliandra colothrysus; 3) Gliricidia sepium; 4) Inga edulis; 5) Inga edulis and Erythrina poeppigiana; 6) Inga edulis and Calliandra calothrysus; and 7) Inga edulis and Gliricidia sepium. Biomass production of the fallow vegetation is shown to be of greater quality and quantity in all fallow enrichment treatments. However, bean yields did not show a significant response to the fallow enrichment treatments.'cloud forests are hydrologically unique, critically endangered ecosystems and frequently major sources of potable water, which have come under increasing pressure from human activities. It is therefore of vital importance that our understanding of the effects of anthropogenic stressors on the aquatic biota in these ecosystems is improved. To this end, a series of flow channel-based field experiments was performed to quantify the effects of nutrient enrichment and deposited fine sediment (two stressors commonly observed in tropical regions) on river macroinvertebrate assemblages in a cloud forest park in Honduras. Macroinvertebrate communities responded to the addition of nutrients (released from struvite) through an increased percentage abundance drifting and to elevated sediment levels with an increased percentage abundance and richness drifting in the first following treatment. A shift in community structure was also observed in response to elevated nutrients with lower abundances of some taxa and an overall decrease in richness. Our results indicate that increased nutrient loading and sedimentation can alter benthic macroinvertebrate community composition in high-altitude neotropical streams. Macroinvertebrate communities may be impacted via direct toxicity of nutrients and clogging of interstitial spaces and/or reductions in refugia due to sedimentation.''A conceptual model of the regeneration of beech (Fagus crenata) forests in Japan is presented; stand structure, tree population dynamics and characteristics of gap formation are summarized. Beech forest can be recognized as a regeneration complex, and three phases: gap, building and mature, are distinguished through the structure of regenerating populations. The mean return interval is yr. Disturbances by typhoons and dwarf bamboos (Sasa) on the forest floor may greatly affect the synchrony of regeneration and, hence, the stability of beech forests in Japan.''Transposable elements are the major component of the maize genome and presumably highly polymorphic yet they have not been used in population genetics and association analyses. Using the Transposon Display method, we isolated and converted into PCR-based markers 33 Miniature Inverted Repeat Transposable Elements (MITE) polymorphic insertions. These polymorphisms were genotyped on a population-based sample of 26 American landraces for a total of 322 plants. Genetic diversity was high and partitioned within and among landraces. The genetic groups identified using Bayesian clustering were in agreement with published data based on SNPs and SSRs, indicating that MITE polymorphisms reflect maize genetic history. To explore the contribution of MITEs to phenotypic variation, we undertook an association mapping approach in a panel of 367 maize lines phenotyped for 26 traits. We found a highly significant association between the marker ZmV1-9, on chromosome 1, and male flowering time. The variance explained by this association is consistent with a flowering delay of +123 degree-days. This MITE insertion is located at only 289 nucleotides from the end of a Cytochrome P450-like gene, a region that was never identified in previous association mapping or QTL surveys. Interestingly, we found (i) a non-synonymous mutation located in the exon 2 of the gene in strong linkage disequilibrium with the MITE polymorphism, and (ii) a perfect sequence homology between the MITE sequence and a maize siRNA that could therefore potentially interfere with the expression of the Cytochrome P450-like gene. Those two observations among others offer exciting perspectives to validate functionally the role of this region on phenotypic variation.''The seasonal response of the poleward extent of continental precipitation maxima to high obliquity and its controlling mechanisms are examined using the NCAR-CESM and Budyko-Sellers energy balance model. In CESM, the latitude of the poleward-most continental precipitation maximum (denoted as migrates poleward with increased obliquity, but is limited to equatorward of the latitude of maximum daily insolation. Some insight is gained on the controlling mechanism of the migration of in the model, assuming coinciding with the position of maximum surface moist static energy (denoted as as in the present-day observation and CESM pre-industrial simulation. Heat capacity exerts a primary control on such that is determined by the position of maxima of accumulated insolation over the radiative relaxation time and therefore lies equatorward of the maximum daily insolation. Variations of surface albedo and horizontal heat transport, as secondary effects, further shift the This understanding from the Budyko-Sellers model, however, fails in CESM in the case of high obliquity of with now lying equatorward of This separation between and is explained by the constraint of rotation on the latitudinal range of weak temperature gradients, which is the prerequisite for the prediction of from When the rotation rate is reduced, the latitudinal range of weak temperature gradients expands poleward roughly following the change of the equatorial Rossby radius, allowing moving close to'Climate change is strong in the Amazon basin. Climate models consistently predict widespread warmer and drier conditions by the end of the 21st century. As a consequence, water stress will increase throughout the region. We here review current understanding of the impact of climate change on distribution patterns, species diversity and ecosystem functioning of lowland rainforests in the Amazon basin. We reviewed 192 studies that provide empirical evidence, historical information and theoretical models. Over millions of years rainforests expansions and contractions have been accompanied by changes in the diversity and productivity of forests. In the future, drought will produce forest contractions along the forest edges and the savanna ecotone, causing an extensive savannization, particularly in the east. In terms of diversity, warming will reduce plant species survival by decreasing their productivity, but extinctions may also occur as a result of vegetation disequilibrium, as many plants, dispersal and pollinator species will fail to track changing climate; mild drought kills understory trees and severe drought may eliminate canopy trees as well. Severe droughts will thus produce directional changes in species composition, although these shifts may vary among forests on different soil types. In terms of ecosystem functioning, droughts will reduce root growth and standing biomass and may shift the Amazonian forest from being CO2 sinks to become CO2 sources. Physiological and ecological responses to warming and the feedback between vegetation and climate are still not completely understood. In particular, experimental assays that allow direct conclusions on the response of Amazonian plants to the predicted climatic conditions are needed. Such studies could make possible more reliable estimates of future climatic and vegetation responses.''A survey has been made of the literature pertaining to temperature regulation in the lower mammals.The following scheme represent a tentative outline of one probable evolutionary sequence of homeothermy: the first successful efforts to maintain a fairly uniform level of body temperature began on the psycho-physiological or behavioural level. The first directly physiological factor in the maintenance of homeothermy seems to have been a capacity for variation in metabolic heat production.The monotremes provides an example of a temperature regulation based solely on behaviour patterns and variation in heat production. The next factor to appear in the gradual development of refined homeothermy has been the regulation of physical heat exchange. A gradual improvement of such function is discernible along the phylum also correlated with increased thermal stress imposed by the environment. Regulation of physical heat exchange is first generally apparent in the marsupial order. The thermostatic arrangements responsible for efficient body temperature regulation have been developed gradually becoming increasingly complex and accurate. It is discussed how an efficient central nervous thermostatic control seems to have been the last factor developed to perfection in homeothermy.'"It has been suggested that, unless a major effort is made, the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide may rise above four times the pre-industrial level in a few centuries. Here we use a coupled atmosphere-ocean-land model to explore the response of the global water cycle to such a large increase in carbon dioxide, focusing on river discharge and soil moisture. Our results suggest that water is going to be more plentiful in those regions of the world that are already `water-rich'. However, water stresses will increase significantly in regions and seasons that are already relatively dry. This could pose a very challenging problem for water-resource management around the world. For soil moisture, our results indicate reductions during much of the year in many semi-arid regions of the world, such as the southwestern region of North America, the northeastern region of China, the Mediterranean coast of Europe, and the grasslands of Australia and Africa. In some of these regions, soil moisture values are reduced by almost a factor of two during the dry season. The drying in semi-arid regions is likely to induce the outward expansion of deserts to the surrounding regions. Over extensive regions of both the Eurasian and North American continents in high and middle latitudes, soil moisture decreases in summer but increases in winter, in contrast to the situation in semi-arid regions. For river discharge, our results indicate an average increase of 15% during the next few centuries. The discharges from Arctic rivers such as the Mackenzie and Ob' increase by much larger fractions. In the tropics, the discharges from the Amazonas and Ganga-Brahmaputra also increase considerably. However, the percentage changes in runoff from other tropical and many mid-latitude rivers are smaller."'Within the Kyoto Protocol, countries have significant latitude to define a forest. The most important parameter affecting area designated as forest is the minimum crown density which can be set between 10 and 30 percent. The choice will have implications for the amount of land available in a country for afforestation and reforestation (A/R) activities within the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM). In this paper, we used GIS analysis to look at four case studies from countries involved in the EU-funded ENCOFOR project: Bolivia, Ecuador, Uganda and Kenya. We also looked at the effects of other factors that would exclude land from eligibility for A/R projects. A low threshold of 10 percent crown cover resulted in exclusion of 70 to 90 percent of the land area of all countries except Kenya, which differed from the other countries by its large dryland areas. Much less area was excluded when higher thresholds were used. The spatial analyses showed not only the effects of the choice of the crown cover criterion, but also where the land was available for CDM activities within each country at different thresholds. This is the first time that the effect of the crown cover element of the Kyoto forest definition on land availability and distribution for CDM A/R activities has been quantified. While there are a number of reasons to choose different thresholds, this analysis suggests that countries that are considering using CDM finance for rural development might want to select the higher minimum threshold for crown cover in order to maximize their participation and flexibility.''That the Himalaya are warming at much higher rates than the global average is known. Here, we assess the future potential distribution of major plant communities in Sikkim Himalaya due to climate change using field observations and maximum entropy modelling approach. We collected data on presence and elevational distribution ranges of 584 endemic angiosperm species during field surveys at 121 sampling locations using 625 study plots and along an elevational gradient of This field data was supplemented by already published records. Endemic species were classified into different growth forms, viz. trees, climbers, shrubs, and herbs. A total of 37,376 different species distribution models (SDMs) were built using climate projections available from 8 different general circulation models and 4 representative concentration pathways. SDMs were built for current climate (average climate for 2050 (average climate for and 2070 (average climate for We found that about 16 and of endemic angiosperm species are likely to lose their potential habitat by 2050 and 2070, respectively. Meadows may likely lose about 1 and of their current geographical spread to shrublands by 2050 and 2070, respectively. Weak and insignificant values of phylogenetic signal among the growth forms indicated that climate-induced impacts were spread across the phylogenies. We report significant increase in the habitable areas of shrubs and their northward expansion, gradually replacing the herbaceous communities. This change can alter the structure and function of the Himalayan highland ecosystems besides depleting bioresource base and endangering the local livelihoods.''Musa cultivars (bananas and plantains) are important crops in the humid tropics of Africa, America and Asia. This paper reports the extent of morphological variation of the Musa germplasm maintained in the gene-bank of the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture in southeastern Nigeria. Qualitative and quantitative descriptors were used to evaluate AA, BB, AB, AAA, AAB, AAAA, AAAB and AABB bananas, AAA and ABB cooking bananas, AAA beer bananas and AAB plantains and a few wild species. Univariate and principal component (PCA) analyses were performed to identify the most important descriptors to characterize and classify Musa germplasm collections. The most important qualitative morphological descriptors were persistence of male bud and hermaphrodite flowers, pigmentation in pseudostem, foliage, petiole and male flower, pseudostem blotching and waxiness, and leaf orientation. Furthermore, the most important quantitative morphological descriptors included pseudostem girth, height of tallest sucker, number of fruits and fruit sizes. These quantitative descriptors have a high heritability (>0.8), high repeatibility (>2.0) and low coefficient of variation with the exception of the height of the tallest sucker. The implications of the germplasm grouping revealed by PCA are briefly discussed in relation to the evolution of the triploid cultivars. This paper also proposes a new scientific nomenclature for the triploid Musa cultivars.''One of the most striking components of the modern assemblage of South American mammals is the semiaquatic capybara (Caviidae, Hydrochoerinae), the biggest rodent in the world. The large hydrochoerines are recorded from the middle Miocene to the present, mainly in high latitudes of South America. Although less known, they are also recorded in low latitudes of South America, and in Central and North America. We report the first record of capybaras from the late Pliocene of Colombia, found in deposits of the Ware Formation, Guajira Peninsula in northeastern Colombia. We analyze the phylogenetic position within Caviidae, the possible environmental changes in the Guajira Peninsula, and the implications of this finding for the understanding of the Great American Biotic Interchange. The morphological and phylogenetic analyses indicate that the hydrochoerine of the Guajira Peninsula is a new species, ?Hydrochoeropsis wayuu, and this genus is most closely related to Phugatherium. According to the latest phylogenetic results, this clade is the sister group of the lineage of the recent capybaras (Neochoerus and Hydrochoerus). ?Hydrochoeropsis wayuu is the northernmost South American Pliocene hydrochoerine record and the nearest to the Panamanian bridge. The presence of this hydrochoerine, together with the fluvio-deltaic environment of the Ware Formation, suggests that during the late Pliocene, the environment that dominated the Guajira Peninsula was more humid and with permanent water bodies, in contrast with its modern desert habitats.''Climate, organisms, topographic relief, and parent material interacting through time are the dominant factors that control processes of soil formation and determine soil properties. In both forest and savanna ecosystems, trees affect soil properties through several pathways. Trees alter inputs to the soil system by increasing capture of wetfall and dryfall and by adding to soil N via N2-fixation. They affect the morphology and chemical conditions of the soil as a result of the characteristics of above- and below-ground litter inputs. The chemical and physical nature of leaf, bark, branch, and roots alter decomposition and nutrient availability via controls on soil water and the soil fauna involved in litter breakdown. Extensive lateral root systems scavenge soil nutrients and redistribute them beneath tree canopies. In general, trees represent both conduits through which nutrients cycle and sites for the accumulation of nutrients within a landscape. From an ecological perspective, the soil patches found beneath tree canopies are important local and regional nutrient reserves that influence community structure and ecosystem function. Understanding species-specific differences in tree-soil interactions has important and immediate interest to farmers and agroforesters concerned with maintaining or increasing site productivity. Lessons from natural plant-soil systems provide a guide for predicting the direction and magnitude of tree influences on soil in agroforestry settings. The challenge for agroforesters is to determine under what conditions positive tree effects will accumulate simultaneously within active farming systems and which require rotation of cropping and forest fallows.'Abstract not available'Rapid change in climate is set to alter the delicate balance that exists between man and nature. It is more so for the region which are ecologically fragile. The literature to this effect points out that the poorest countries and communities are likely to suffer the most because of their geographic locations, low income and low institutional capacity, as well as their greater reliance on climate-sensitive sectors like agriculture. Even if climate mitigations plans are implemented properly there will be some degree of warming due to inertia of emissions already released. As such, there is a strong consensus about the need of adaptation to changing climatic conditions. Adaptation is believed to enhance the resilience against increasing climate variability. In this backdrop, the objective of the present paper is, therefore, to systematically and critically review the existing literature on the impacts of climate change and choice of adaptations across countries and draw insights for suggesting a comprehensive policy framework particularly for developing countries in this regard. The paper finds that the role of government and civil society is crucial for enabling efficient adaptation methods. Development policies and programs having synergy effect with climate change initiatives help adapt with the changing climate better. However, the availability of clean technology in developing countries will play the decisive role in controlling their growth rate of emission. This will be made feasible only when there is a better understanding of the problem between the developed and developing world about the eminent danger arising out of climate change.''A review of the existing literature available on the bibliographic CD-ROM PlantGeneCD on the use of protein and molecular markers on plant material from sub-Saharan Africa was undertaken. The review showed that these molecular techniques have been used in a wide range of studies, from measurement of genetic diversity within single population to the elucidation of phylogenetic relationship among species in a genus or group of genera. The review revealed that 67% of the 146 studies examined used protein electrophoresis (58% isozymes, the rest mostly seed proteins), 20% used RFLPs, 8% RAPDs and 3% sequencing. Isozymes have been used for a whole range of applications, whereas electrophoresis of other proteins has mainly been used to study ecogeographic distribution of diversity in crops. RAPDs have been used particularly in the investigation of genetic relationship among accessions of a single species and phylogentic relationship among species. RFLPs of cpDNA have mostly been used at the interspecific level and nuclear markers at the intraspecific level. The studies covered most of the major crop species of Africa and their wild relatives, though important gaps remain, for example sweet potato. So-called crops were not well represented. Wild taxa not related to crops were also covered, in particular agroforestry and forest species.''BackgroundA key to understanding the origins of species is determining the evolutionary processes that drive the patterns of genomic divergence during speciation. New genomic technologies enable the study of high-resolution genomic patterns of divergence across natural speciation continua, where taxa pairs with different levels of reproductive isolation can be used as proxies for different stages of speciation. Empirical studies of these speciation continua can provide valuable insights into how genomes diverge during speciation.MethodsWe examine variation across a handful of genomic regions in parapatric and allopatric populations of Heliconius butterflies with varying levels of reproductive isolation. Genome sequences were mapped to 2.2-Mb of the H. erato genome, including 1-Mb across the red color pattern locus and multiple regions unlinked to color pattern variation.ResultsPhylogenetic analyses reveal a speciation continuum of pairs of hybridizing races and incipient species in the Heliconius erato clade. Comparisons of hybridizing pairs of divergently colored races and incipient species reveal that genomic divergence increases with ecological and reproductive isolation, not only across the locus responsible for adaptive variation in red wing coloration, but also at genomic regions unlinked to color pattern.DiscussionWe observe high levels of divergence between the incipient species H. erato and H. himera, suggesting that divergence may accumulate early in the speciation process. Comparisons of genomic divergence between the incipient species and allopatric races suggest that limited gene flow cannot account for the observed high levels of divergence between the incipient species.ConclusionsOur results provide a reconstruction of the speciation continuum across the H. erato clade and provide insights into the processes that drive genomic divergence during speciation, establishing the H. erato clade as a powerful framework for the study of speciation.''High-elevation periglacial soils are among the most extreme soil systems on Earth and may be good analogs for the polar regions of Mars where oligotrophic mineral soils abut with polar ice caps. Here we report on preliminary studies carried out during an expedition to an area where recent glacial retreat has exposed porous mineral soils to extreme, daily cycles and high UV fluxes. We used in situ methods to show that inorganic nitrogen and was being actively cycled even during a period when diurnal soil temperatures depth) ranged from to and when sub-zero, soil cooling rates reached (the most rapid soil cooling rates recorded to date). Furthermore, phylogenetic analyses of microbial phylotypes present at our highest sites above sea level) showed the presence of nitrifying bacteria of the genus Nitrospira and newly discovered nitrite-oxidizing Betaproteobacteria. These soils were overwhelmingly dominated (>70% of phylotypes) by photosynthetic bacteria that were related to novel cyanobacteria previously found almost exclusively in other plant-free, high-elevation soils. We also demonstrated that soils from our highest sites had higher potential for mineralizing glutamate and higher microbial biomass than lower elevation soils that had been more recently covered by ice. Overall, our findings indicate that a diverse and robustly functioning microbial ecosystem is present in these previously unstudied high-elevation soils.''Three species ofAmaranthusare cultivated for their edible seeds:A. hypochondriacus L.,A. cruentusL., andA. caudatusL. The first two are native to Mexico and Guatemala, while the third originated in the Andes. Some authors recognize a fourth species,A. MantegazzianusPass. (A. edulisSpeg.), also from South America. Recent interest in amaranths as crops for improving Third World nutrition makes studies of relationships among amaranth species and intraspecific variation important. The weedy speciesA. hybridus L. (A. quitensisHBK) has been suggested as the progenitor ofA. caudatus, and it appears to be the closest wild relative of the crop. However, discovery of semidomesticated, darkseeded amaranths in Ecuador that are referable toA. caudatusraises some questions. The dark-seeded plants might represent a transitional form between the crop and its weedy progenitor, the product of independent selection of special forms ofA. hybridus, the result of introgressive hybridization between the crop and related weed, established escapes from cultivation, or remnants of the ancestor of the crop which may have been simply wildA. caudatusand notA. hybridus. Detailed morphological comparisons have been made among cultivated forms ofA. caudatus, the semidomesticate, andA. hybridus. Genetic data have been considered, and 2 mixed populations includingA. hybridusand the semidomesticate have been examined. Although all the other hypotheses cannot be eliminated, the dark-seededA. caudatusplants seem most likely to represent escapes from cultivation. Separate recognition ofA. Mantegazzianusdoes not seem warranted.''Hydrological changes were assessed considering possible changes in precipitation and regulation or hydraulic diversion projects developed in the basin since 1960s in terms of improving water supply of the Rimac River, which is the main source of fresh water of capital. To achieve this objective, a trend analysis of precipitation and flow series was assessed using the Mann-Kendall test. Subsequently, the Eco-flow and Indicators of Hydrologic Alteration (IHA) methods were applied for the characterization and quantification of the hydrological change in the basin, considering for the analysis, a natural period and an altered period Under this focus, daily hydrologic information of the station (from 1920 to 2013) and monthly rainfall information related to 14 stations (from 1964 to 2013) were collected. The results show variations in the flow seasonality of the altered period in relation to the natural period and a significant trend to increase (decrease) minimum flows (maximum flows) during the analyzed period. The Eco-flow assessment shows a predominance of Eco-deficit from December to May (rainy season), strongly related to negative anomalies of precipitation. In addition, a predominance of Eco-surplus was found from June to November (dry season) with a behavior opposite to precipitation, attributed to the regulations and diversion in the basin during that period. In terms of magnitude, the IHA assessment identified an increase of 51% in the average flows during the dry season and a reduction of 10% in the average flows during the rainy season (except December and May). Furthermore, the minimum flows increased by 35% with shorter duration and frequency, and maximum flows decreased by 29% with more frequency but less duration. Although there are benefits of regulation and diversion for developing anthropic activities, the fact that hydrologic alterations may result in significant modifications in the Rimac River ecosystem must be taken into account.''The increased use of grain-based feed for livestock during the last two decades has contributed, along with other factors, to a rise in grain prices that has reduced human food security. This circumstance argues for feeding more forages to livestock, particularly in the tropics where many livestock are reared on small farms. Efforts to accomplish this end, referred to as the approach, intensify in sustainable ways the management of grasses, shrubs, trees, and animals. By decoupling the human food and livestock feed systems, these efforts would increase the resilience of the global food system. Effective LivestockPlus approaches take one of two forms: (1) simple improvements such as new forage varieties and animal management practices that spread from farmer to farmer by word of mouth, or (2) complex sets of new practices that integrate forage production more closely into other agricultural activities and agro-ecologies.''An ordination study of 20Eucalyptus tetrodonta forest stands growing on deep earths in monsoonal Australia revealed two major gradients in understorey vegetation type. The first axis reflected both floristic and structural understorey variation, where litter and shrub cover were inversely related to grass cover. This axis is thought to reflect a complex fire-vegetation type interaction, where vegetation is primarily determined by the saturation of the soil profile in the wet season, as measured by the colour of the iron rich soils. On the second axis of the ordination, floristic composition but not vegetation structure, and stand height were found to vary with the intercorrelated measures of soil gravel and moisture supply.E. tetrodonta is able to regenerate in the absence of fire, but firing appears to stimulate regeneration. All stands contained some advance growth, which occurs in distinct clumps, probably reflecting these plants clonal origin. Sapling presence in the stands is variable and the recruitment of advance growth into this size class appears to be related to over-wood competition. The size class distribution of trees was found to be similar amongst the stands, therefore stand structure appeared to be independent of understorey type. In comparison to general models of temperate eucalypt regeneration processes the tropical eucalypts have evolved different regeneration strategies, possibly in response to the severe annual drought.''A new species of short-tailed opossum (Monodelphis) is described from the lowland forest of southeastern Peru. The new species is similar and more related to Monodelphis adusta Thomas, 1897, but is comparatively larger, and lighter in color. Other species known to occur in the area (M. emiliae and M. glirina) have no closer resemblance to the new species. Other characters useful to distinguish this new species are a heavy, broad, and extremely flattened skull, with a conspicuous sagittal crest. The premaxilla is short and the upper incisor rows are wide apart. During the comparisons of the new species with M. adusta, it became clear that two subspecies of the latter could be recognized and morphologically diagnosed: Monodelphis a. adusta and M. a. peruviana. Their distributions are limited to the south and to the north, respectively, by the Amazon River. The name M. melanops, described from Panama is a junior synonym of M. a. adusta, but M. osgoodi, described from the highlands of Bolivia is a valid species, and probably has no close relationships to either M. adusta or the new species here described.'"Vegetation pattern and microtopography were examined on a mountain slope with a rotational type landslide scar on Mt Kiyosumi, central Japan. Similarities of distribution patterns among 55 woody species were calculated using Cole's species association coefficient, and based on them, seven vegetation units were classified using cluster analysis and principal coordinates analysis. The seven vegetation units coincide with seven microtopographical facets at 101 to 102 m2 order. Furthermore, these vegetation units were grouped into three higher categories by reciprocal averaging and principal coordinates analysis. They were ridge slopes, surrounding slopes and landslide slopes. The three categories were arranged in the above-mentioned order based on similarity in floristic composition. In the ridge slopes, late-successional trees and deciduous trees had high relative basal areas. In the surrounding slopes,Euptelea polyandra and other deciduous trees had high relative basal areas. In the landslide slopes,E. polyandra and deciduous shrubs had high relative basal areas. The density and the age distributions ofE. polyandra, a typical pioneer tree which invades disturbed sites, suggested that the severity of soil surface disturbances increase in this order. The disturbance regime explains the vegetation pattern on the study site, where the rotational type landslide had occurred."'Geophagy or soil ingestion is a multidisciplinary phenomenon that has attracted the attention of many researchers in recent years; who have sought to understand why a large number of animals consume natural earths. To find out why animals ingest soils, it is of paramount importance to establish standard methods to analyze comestible soil. Researchers have used different methods to examine soils ingested by animals, often with incomplete or inconclusive results. To make meaningful comparisons among studies, it is necessary to perfect research designs and establish standard methods to evaluate and analyze geophagy in animals.''Five-new taxa ofHeteropterys H. B. K. subsect.Aptychia Nied. are described, illustrated, and mapped:H. andina from Peru;H. minutiflora from Costa Rica; andH. bullata, H. capixaba, andH. oberdanii, from the Atlantic coastal forest of Brazil. The affinities and diagnostic characters of each species are discussed.''Ectothermic organisms strongly depend on temperature, making them an excellent model to study the impact of global climatic change (GCC). Under global warming, species may be forced to move toward colder environments, such as higher latitudes, higher elevations or both. However, several studies show that responses may vary significantly in different groups of species. Therefore, it is unclear whether current distribution range sizes will be affected in future climatic scenarios. In addition to the specific possible effect of range size changes, the potential consequences of distributional range shifts also should be considered. Here, our aim is to assess whether GCC may affect a group of Liolaemus lizard species based on their current geographic distribution range size and whether the effect is uniform across all species using species distribution models (SDMs). Our results show that range boundaries of the fourteen species switch toward higher altitude and latitude in future scenarios. Additionally, there is not a unique pattern in terms of increase or decrease in potential range for lizards in Patagonia in future scenarios. Finally, our results show that the original distribution range size is determinant for the resultant SDMs projections, suggesting that species with a high degree of endemicity may be susceptible to a greater impact of GCC.''We analyzed 115 Saguinus leucopus, from four Colombian departments (Antioquia, Bolivar, Caldas and for of the gene and at 10 microsatellite loci to estimate gene diversity levels, possible molecular subspecies and historical demographic changes in this species. This endemic Colombian species showed an elevated gene diversity in this gene, although its geographical distribution is very restrictive and extremely threatened by habitat fragmentation. The gene did not show any geographical structure in the distribution of the haplotypes within this species, but it did show a noteworthy population expansion throughout the history of this species. A Bayesian analysis showed that the haplotype diversification of this species began around 1.6 million years ago (MYA), whilst a haplotype network gave the beginning of this diversification at around MYA. Forty-seven individuals out of the 115 were analyzed for 10 DNA microsatellites. The genetic diversity was relatively elevated for this kind of marker too, and comparable to that found in other Neotropical monkeys with a wider geographical distribution. Two gene pools were detected with the microsatellites, one in the northern distribution area (Antioquia) and the other in the southern distribution area (Tolima). No tests detected any bottleneck affecting this population; however, two procedures (k test and Kimmel et al. 1998 test) detected significant population expansion for the microsatellite markers, like that seen with the gene.''In this review we discuss the use of non-coding DNA at the intraspecific level in plants. Both nuclear and organelle non-coding regions are widely used in interspecific phylogenetic approaches. However, they are also valuable in analyses on the intraspecific level. Besides taxonomy, that is, defining subspecies or varieties, large fields for the application of non-coding DNA are population genetic and phylogeographic studies. Population genetics tries to explain the genetic patterns within species mostly by the amount of extant gene flow among populations, while phylogeography explicitly tries to reconstruct historic events. Depending on the study different molecular markers can be used, varying between very fast evolving microsatellites or some more slowly changing regions like intergenic spacers and introns. Here, we focus mainly on the use of non-coding regions in phylogeographic analyses. Mostly used in this context are regions of the genomes of the chloroplasts and mitochondria. In phylogeography, the correct estimation of allele or haplotype relationships is particularly important. As tree-based methods are mostly insufficient to depict relationships within species, network approaches are better suitable to infer gene or locus genealogies. Problematic for phylogeographic studies are alleles shared among multiple species, which could result from either hybridization or incomplete lineage sorting. Especially the latter can severely influence the interpretation of the phylogeographic patterns. Therefore, it seems necessary for us to also include close relatives of the species under study in phylogeographic analyses. Not only the sample design but also the analysis methods are currently changing, as some new methods such as statistical phylogeography were emerging recently and widely used methods like nested clade analysis might not be reliable in every case. During the last few years, a multitude of studies were published, which mainly analyzed phylogeographic patterns in European and North American plants. Phylogeographic studies in other regions of the earth are still comparably rare, although questions like the influence of the ice age on the vegetation in the tropics or southern hemisphere are still open and phylogeography provides an excellent remedy to answer them.'Abstract not available'While the level of agricultural dependence affects many aspects of human adaptation, estimating levels of dependence on maize through traditional archaeological techniques is problematic. Here we compare various measurements of manos (e.g., grinding surface area), macrobotanical evidence of maize use, and human collagen stable carbon isotope values from six regions of the American Southwest, encompassing 16 phases, as a means of assessing the power and limits of each approach for considering agricultural dependence. The analysis of each data class is considered separately, taking into account formation processes and arguments linking data and inferences. Correlations among the three data classes suggest that mano area and maize ubiquity can be considered ordinal measures of agricultural dependence, but Southwestern stable carbon isotope data have the analytical potential only to discriminate between little or no maize use and substantial maize use. The formation processes and linking arguments associated with each method must be considered when multiple lines of evidence are integrated in order to make sound behavioral inferences. Our results suggest that there were at least three patterns in the adoption of farming in the Southwest: early substantial use followed by continuous increasing maize dependence, initial intensive dependence with little change in later periods, and a long period of minor use followed by substantial dependence.'Abstract not available'This paper presents a method for the analysis of socio-ecological patterns of vulnerability of people being at risk of losing their livelihoods as a consequence of global environmental change. This method fills a gap in methodologies for vulnerability analysis by providing generalizations of the factors that shape vulnerability in specific socio-ecological systems and showing their spatial occurrence. The proposed method consists of four steps that include both quantitative and qualitative analyses. To start, the socio-ecological system exposed to global environmental changes that will be studied needs to be determined. This could, for example, be farmers in drylands, urban populations in coastal areas and forest-dependent people in the tropics. Next, the core dimensions that shape vulnerability in the socio-ecological system of interest need to be defined. Subsequently, a set of spatially explicit indicators that reflect these core dimensions is selected. Cluster analysis is used for grouping the indicator data. The clusters found, referred to as vulnerability profiles, describe different typical groupings of conditions and processes that create vulnerability in the socio-ecological system under study, and their spatial distribution is provided. Interpretation and verification of these profiles is the last step in the analysis. We illustrate the application of this method by analysing the patterns of vulnerability of (smallholder) farmers in drylands. We identify eight distinct vulnerability profiles in drylands that together provide a global overview of different processes taking place and sub-national detail of their distribution. By overlaying the spatial distribution of these profiles with specific outcome indicators such as conflict occurrence or migration, the method can also be used to understand these phenomena better. Analysis of vulnerability profiles will in a next step be used as a basis for identifying responses to reduce vulnerability, for example, to facilitate the transfer of best practices to reduce vulnerability between different places.'eburnea Friese is a stingless bee kept in some regions of Colombia, where it is reported to be vulnerable to extinction due to habitat disturbance. To contribute to raising conservation strategies, the aim of this study was to identify the floral preferences of this species using melissopalynological analysis. A total of 31 pollen pot samples and 37 honey samples were taken from March 2009 through March 2010 from four colonies in Fusagasuga, Colombia. We found 92 pollen types: 17 from pollen pot samples, 39 from honey samples (indicating the sources of nectar), and 36 in both types of samples. The most frequent pollen types in the pollen pot samples were Myrcia type (100%), Eucalyptus globulus (96.9%), and Fraxinus uhdei (96.9%). The most frequent pollen types in honey samples were E. globulus (97.4%) and Myrcia type (94.9%). The pollen types corresponded mainly to native plants (68%), trees (44.5%), plants whose sexual system is hermaphroditic (56.5%), and plants with inflorescences (76.2%). The most frequent shapes of the flowers were brush-like (type Myrtaceae) and dish-like (type Asteraceae), and the preferred flower colors were white or cream (52.2%). In general, we found that M. eburnea showed a strong preference for trees of the family Myrtaceae to obtain nectar and pollen, including native and introduced species. Some other families are contributing significantly, such as Melastomataceae for pollen collection and Asteraceae for nectar. These results highlight the key plant species for the diet of M. eburnea.''A pot experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of two arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF), Dentiscutata heterogama and Rhizophagus manihotis on the growth and nutrition of Juglans venezuelensis Manning. This species is currently considered a threatened tree species and the successful restoration of its populations depends on an increased understanding of the ecological and physiological aspects of its response to inoculation with AMF. In general, shoot and total dry weight, and leaf area were significantly higher in seedlings inoculated with AMF than in non-inoculated ones. Differences in height and leaf number between the inoculated and non-inoculated treatments become apparent after of plant growth. Inoculated plants had a greater leaf area as the result of the higher allocation of resources to leaf biomass (leaf mass ratio, LMR). The fraction allocated to the roots (RMR) was not significantly different between treatments. Differences between vital stain (SDH) and non-vital trypan blue stain (TB) showed that the D. heterogama colonization was almost entirely active compared to the R. manihotis colonization. The relative responsiveness (RR) of J. venezuelensis to inoculation with D. heterogama and R. manihotis was 21.8 and respectively, but colonization values were never greater than despite low P content in the soils used. The growth and physiological responses of J. venezuelensis to inoculation with two AMF species indicate that these microorganisms should be employed when propagating this threatened species for its subsequence reintroduction into its natural habitat.''Environmental heterogeneity and dispersal limitation influence tree species distribution, but their relative contributions change with the spatial scale of analysis. We analyzed tree species turnover using twenty 1-ha permanent plots to quantify variation in floristic similarity explained by environmental factors and geographical distance at regional (among plots) and local (within plots) scales in seasonal premontane forests of northwestern Argentina. We related floristic similarity with environmental variation and geographical distance using specific regression models (regression of distance matrix and mixed-effects models at regional and local scales, respectively). Floristic similarity decreased with distance at both spatial scales but its relative contribution was significant only at the regional scale (18 and at regional and local scale, respectively). Dispersal limitation may be a relevant process at biogeographical scale where dispersion at large distances become infrequent for some species. In addition, we identified that regional climatic and topographic gradients and local edaphic variation contribute to explain floristic similarity across scales in seasonal premontane forests. Environmental heterogeneity explained about the same variance in floristic similarity at regional and local scales (7 and respectively). We conclude that quantitative aspects of floristic patterns, such as the relative contribution of niche and neutral processes to explain species distribution, can strengthen conservation strategies at different spatial scales, and therefore could be a useful tool in conservation planning.'"Four expeditions were made from February 1973 through March 1974 to the Samiria and Pacaya Rivers, which drain the zone between the Lower Ucayali and principal constituents of the Amazon. This area is protected as part of the management program for the fishing ofArapaima gigas; however, there has been chronic hunting pressure from poachers, the government's guardians, and sailors, and, recently and most importantly, the petroleum exploration workers. Strip-censusing is extensively discussed. We employed a combination of three techniques: observations from our boat, observations from canoe or on foot, and intensive work in an area with mapped trails (Maldonado Peninsula, Samiria River). The Middle Samiria and Middle Pacaya were faunally the most rewarding. Relatively abundant wereSaimiri sciureus, Alouatta seniculus, probablyPithecia monachus, andSaguinus (probablyfuscicollis illigeri); somewhat less so wereCebus apella (often associated withSaimiri) andC. albifrons; Lagothrix lagotricha required deeper penetration, andAteles is seriously threatened (A. paniscus was seen andA. belzebuth was reported present). Also reported present wereAotus trivirgatus, Cebuella pygmaea, andCallicebus moloch andC. torquatus, though the latter two species may have been confused. Crude density estimates were developed from the Maldonado Peninsula data."'BMC Ecology showcases the winning entries from its second Ecology Image Competition. More than 300 individual images were submitted from an international array of research scientists, depicting life on every continent on earth. The Editorial Board and guest judge Caspar Henderson outline why their winning selections demonstrated high levels of technical skill and aesthetic sense in depicting the science of ecology, and we also highlight a small selection of highly commended images that we simply let you miss out on.''Fine root turnover plays an important role in the cycling of carbon and nutrients in ecosystems. Not much is known about fine root dynamics in tropical montane rainforests, which are characterized by steep temperature gradients over short distances. We applied the minirhizotron technique in five forest stands along an elevational transect between 1,050 and above sea level in a South Ecuadorian montane rainforest in order to test the influence of climate and soil parameters on fine root turnover. Turnover of roots with diameter was significantly higher in the lowermost and the uppermost stand than in the three mid-elevation stands Root turnover of finest roots was higher compared to the root cohort with and exceeded at the lower and upper elevations of the transect. We propose that the non linear altitudinal trend of fine root turnover originates from an overlapping of a temperature effect with other environmental gradients (e.g. adverse soil conditions) in the upper part of the transect and that the fast replacement of fine roots is used as an adaptive mechanism by trees to cope with limiting environmental conditions.''A field experiment was designed to follow the fate of fertilizer nitrogen in an annual crop (maize) and a permanent meadow (Digitaria decumbens) cultivated on an alfisol under the tropical two-season-climate of the Venezuelan Llanos.15N labelled urea equivalent to 150 kg was added to field plots and to lysimeters of undisturbed soil.Results obtained after the first year show that the accumulation of fertilizer nitrogen was twice as great in the aboveground parts of maize and accompanying weeds (29% of the added nitrogen) than in the aerial parts of grass (16%), while the reverse trend was shown by roots: about 2% of the added nitrogen was detected in corn roots and more than 4% in the underground biomass of the meadow. Leaching losses were less than 2% under maize and almost nil under pasture in spite of intensive leaching which occured during the rainy season.The top-soil cm) of the grassland retained about 50% of the fertilizer nitrogen while only about 25% remained in the top-soil of the maize plot. The loss of fertilizer could be explained, largely, either by volatilisation immediately after application, or denitrification during the following weeks. The relative proportions of fertilizer-N and soil-N in maize and grass suggest that, during this period, gross mineralization of soil-N in both agroecosystems attained a value almost equivalent to the total nitrogen added in the fertilizer. The implications of these results when converting natural savannas into cultivated regimes are very different in the case of permanent pasture, which can improve the organic status of these poor soils and annual crops, like maize, which induce an unavoidable deficit in the nitrogen balance.''With 22 species, Ancognatha is the fourth most species-rich genus of Neotropical cyclocephaline scarabs (Melolonthidae, Cyclocephalini), an important group of anthophilous insects associated with palms (Arecaceae). Unlike other members of the tribe, which predominantly inhabit low-altitude ecosystems, Ancognatha spp. are most common in montane areas, at elevations of 1500 to over a.s.l. In the cloud forests of the Andes of Colombia, we investigated the association between Ancognatha vulgaris and seven species of wax palms (Ceroxylon spp.) from 2009 to 2013. Male and female A. vulgaris can be characterized as specialized florivores recovered in abundances of up to 40 individuals at both male and female inflorescences of all studied species of wax palms, which they also used for shelter and as aggregation sites for mating. The night-active beetles preferably fed on the pollen released in high quantities by staminate flowers of male inflorescences, but were also observed gnawing on the pistillate flowers of female inflorescences. We hypothesize that wax palm inflorescences are a key resource for the maintenance of populations of A. vulgaris under the extreme environmental conditions of Andean montane ecosystems, an assumption supported by their overlapping biogeographical distributions.''Bombus atratus Franklin is a widely distributed bumblebee of South America. In Colombia, this species is recognized for its ability to adapt to highly disturbed habitats. However, knowledge of its ecology is poorly known, in particular conditions to ensure the long-term conservation of its populations. Identification of pollen resources is an important issue that could be used as a tool to manage and conserve bumblebees. In tropical areas, rainfall patterns could affect floral phenology and therefore the availability of pollen resources. Considering this, the present work aimed to establish the effect of extreme weather conditions (El in pollen availability, use of pollinic sources, and gyne production in B. atratus colonies. We reared and located 14 B. atratus colonies in a suburban area during a dry season (ENSO and a rainy season (ENSO We registered time to gyne production and numbers of gynes produced per colony. We extracted pollen samples to establish both its floral origin and its relative abundance. We measured floral offer for each season. The data of pollen use per colony were utilized to perform Bipartite networks. We analyzed the production of gynes and pollen use per season with correlation models and generalized linear models. Colonies of the rainy season produced more gynes and faster. The floral diversity and offer were higher during the rainy season. Successful colonies used specific pollen sources in two seasons, independently of the floral offer. Extreme dry season affected development of B. atratus colonies.''There is a widespread consensus that the earth is experiencing a mass extinction event and at the forefront are amphibians, the most threatened of all vertebrate taxa. A recent assessment found that nearly one-third (32%, 1,856 species) of the amphibian species are threatened. Amphibians have existed on the earth for over 300 million years, yet in just the last two decades there have been an alarming number of extinctions, nearly 168 species are believed to have gone extinct and at least 2,469 (43%) more have populations that are declining. Infectious diseases have been recognized as one major cause of worldwide amphibian population declines. This could be the result of the appearance of novel pathogens, or it could be that exposure to environmental stressors is increasing the susceptibility of amphibians to opportunistic pathogens. Here I review the potential effects of stressors on disease susceptibility in amphibians and relate this to disease emergence in human and other wildlife populations. I will present a series of case studies that illustrate the role of stress in disease outbreaks that have resulted in amphibian declines. First, I will examine how elevated sea-surface temperatures in the tropical Pacific since the mid-1970s have affected climate over much of the world and could be setting the stage for pathogen-mediated amphibian declines in many regions. Finally, I will discuss how the apparently rapid increase in the prevalence of amphibian limb deformities is linked to the synergistic effects of trematode infection and exposure to chemical contaminants.'sincorana and S. pfisteri (Orchidaceae) are endemic to the campo rupestre vegetation, northeastern Brazil, occurring sympatrically and flowering synchronously. In this work we studied the reproductive biology of both species and investigated reproductive barriers between them. Both species are partially self-compatible, pollinator dependent, and are pollinated by males and worker bees of Bombus brevivillus. Pollinaria are deposited on the anterior portion of the mesonotum of these insects in S. pfisteri, and on the scutellum in S. sincorana. The flowers of both species are deceptive, as they have a dry cuniculus. Morphological differences in the labellum and the gynostemium impede inter-specific pollination of S. pfisteri with pollen from S. sincorana. Very low fruiting results from inter-specific crosses of S. sincorana with pollen from S. pfisteri. Although viable seeds can be produced from experimental inter-specific crosses, no natural hybrids were found. Species integrity appears to be maintained by additive unidirectional reproductive barriers between them.''Regeneration is known to be limited at many temperate tree lines, but very little data is available on the impacts of altitude and anthropogenic disturbance on regeneration patterns along tropical tree lines. The study focused on the reproductive traits of two Polylepis species in the de Papallacta in Ecuador along an altitudinal gradient, and involved different intensities of cattle trampling within subsequent altitudinal ranges. We analyzed flowering, fruit set, seed viability, germination, and seedling establishment as well as stand structure of Polylepis incana and P. pauta. The numbers of P. incana inflorescences and seedlings per showed a marginally significant decrease with increasing altitude. Mean tree height was significantly lower at higher altitudes, while stem number increased. The number of P. pauta inflorescences also decreased significantly upslope. In both forest types, trampling was found to have a positive impact on seedling abundance, presumably due to the removal of the litter layer. Thus, there was no evidence of negative effects of moderate cattle grazing on both tree line species. However, sapling establishment was minimal inside the forest stands at all altitudes and grazing levels, and we consequently observed a low proportion of narrow stems within all investigated forests. Our results show that, along with vegetative growth limitations of adult trees, important regeneration traits such as seedling and inflorescence numbers are also influenced by altitude, which might contribute to the formation of the upper tree line. Nevertheless, recruitment in the forest interior was low overall indicating that further factors, such as light conditions, affect regeneration of the studied species.'political and economic isolation in globalised world demands constant adaptation by its inhabitants. The capacity to adapt increases their ability to cope with change and to reshape local ecological and social systems, creating a more resilient system. Worldwide, home gardens are a most adaptable and accessible land resource and are an important component in reducing vulnerability and ensuring food security. The role of Cuban home gardens in relation to political change and economic crisis was investigated in Trinidad de Cuba using standard ethnobotanical research methods. Major events, such as the collapse of the Soviet Union and the subsequent economic crisis as well as frequently changing Cuban policies on agriculture, food security, religious freedom and healthcare, have had an impact on household decision-making, influencing home garden composition and management. Social networking surrounding home garden produce plays an essential part in the continuous adaptation to change, aiming to increase a diversity of resources and strategies, hence resilience.''Water scarcity is a becoming a critical issue globally, driven largely by the demands of an exponentially growing human population and complicated by the impacts of climate change on the amounts and distribution of precipitation. It is also due to mismanagement as scarce water resources are being used simultaneously for irrigation, power generation, public and industrial water supply, flood reduction, and wastewater disposal without consideration of the cumulative impacts to the water resources themselves. This paper outlines eight ecologically based principles and associated guidelines as the basis for integrated and watershed-based management of the water resources.''BackgroundMepraia gajardoi and Mepraia spinolai are endemic triatomine vector species of Trypanosoma cruzi, a parasite that causes Chagas disease. These vectors inhabit arid, semiarid and Mediterranean areas of Chile. Mepraia gajardoi occurs from to and M. spinolai from to Even though both species are involved in T. cruzi transmission in the Pacific side of the Southern Cone of South America, no study has modelled their distributions at a regional scale. Therefore, the aim of this study is to estimate the potential geographical distribution of M. spinolai and M. gajardoi under current and future climate scenarios.MethodsWe used the Maxent algorithm to model the ecological niche of M. spinolai and M. gajardoi, estimating their potential distributions from current climate information and projecting their distributions to future climatic conditions under representative concentration pathways (RCP) 2.6, 4.5, 6.0 and 8.5 scenarios. Future predictions of suitability were constructed considering both higher and lower public health risk situations.ResultsThe current potential distributions of both species were broader than their known ranges. For both species, climate change projections for 2070 in RCP 2.6, 4.5, 6.0 and 8.5 scenarios showed different results depending on the methodology used. The higher risk situation showed new suitable areas, but the lower risk situation modelled a net reduction in the future potential distribution areas of M. spinolai and M. gajardoi.ConclusionsThe suitable areas for both species may be greater than currently known, generating new challenges in terms of vector control and prevention. Under future climate conditions, these species could modify their potential geographical range. Preventive measures to avoid accidental human vectorial transmission by wild vectors of T. cruzi become critical considering the uncertainty of future suitable areas projected in this study.''Secular trends of daily precipitation characteristics are considered in the transient climate change experiment with a coupled general circulation model ECHAM4/OPYC3 for The climate forcing is due to increasing concentrations of the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Mean daily precipitation, precipitation intensity, probability of wet days and parameters of the gamma distribution are analyzed. Particular attention is paid to the changes of heavy precipitation. Analysis of the annual mean precipitation trends for revealed general agreement with observations with significant positive trends in mean precipitation over continental areas. In the period precipitation trend patterns followed the tendency obtained for but with significantly increased magnitudes. Unlike the annual mean precipitation trends for which negative values were found for some continental areas, the mean precipitation intensity and scale parameter of the fitted gamma distribution increased over all land territories. Negative trends in the number of wet days were found over most of the land areas except high latitudes in the Northern Hemisphere. The shape parameter of the gamma distribution in general revealed a slight negative trend in the areas of the precipitation increase. Investigation of daily precipitation revealed an unproportional increase of heavy precipitation events for the land areas including local maxima in Europe and the eastern United States.''Neotropical emballonurid bats are known to exhibit an exceptional diversity in social systems and dispersal strategies. Here we report the isolation of eight new microsatellite markers which will be employed to investigate ultimate causes and consequences of sex-biased dispersal by use of paternity, relatedness and population structure analyses. Novel microsatellite markers developed for the species Rhynchonycteris naso turned out to be highly polymorphic. Number of alleles ranged from seven to 31 alleles per locus and expected heterozygosities ranged from 0.74 to 0.95. Seven loci were autosomal and one locus appeared to be situated on the X-Chromosome. Cross-species amplification in four species was more successful in more closely related than in more distantly related genera of neotropical emballonurids. Together with other eleven microsatellites initially isolated for Saccopteryx bilineata, we now posses powerful tools for studying species of the two bat genera, Saccopteryx and Rhynchonycteris.'Abstract not availableAbstract not availableAbstract not available'We reviewed information on management of useful palms in South America. We documented management for 96 species, from incidental activities intended to increase populations of wild palms to the inclusion of palms in complex agroforestry systems. Two species, Bactris gasipaes and Parajubaea cocoides, are domesticated. Managed species are remarkably fewer than species used in the region, which suggests that harvesters often disregard the fate of the species they use. The best way of managing palms is to employ harvest methods that do not decimate the populations. Although a variety of harvesting techniques have been documented, overharvest is common, and mismanagement prevails unnecessary felling of palms in order to harvest leaves or fruits is a widespread practice. Research should focus on assessing production in response to management practices, but eradicating the habit of destructive harvest is an obvious priority. Research on palm management must be combined with actions addressed to all stakeholders of the palm/humans system.''Tropical anurans are among the most diverse and vulnerable organisms on Earth, yet the evolutionary mechanisms behind their diversity remain relatively unexplored. Epipedobates anthonyi is a poison frog that inhabits southern Ecuador and northern Peru along a broad elevational range Throughout its range, this species exhibits variation in phenotypic traits, such as color, advertisement calls, and alkaloid composition. The aim of this study is to isolate and characterize microsatellite loci to investigate patterns of genetic variation within the species. Using a next-generation sequencing approach to screen an enriched genomic library, we report twelve polymorphic microsatellite loci. The number of alleles per locus ranged from 7 to 15 per population. For the two populations tested, mean observed heterozygosity was 0.69 and 0.79, and mean expected heterozigosity was 0.84 and 0.85 respectively. Only locus EAN002 showed significant departure of HWE in both populations. None of the loci showed consistent null alleles in both populations. Also, no evidence of linkage disequilibrium was found across loci. In this paper, we report for the first time 12 microsatellite loci for E. anthonyi. These markers will be used to further elucidate evolutionary mechanisms underlying genetic and phenotypic variation across the range.''Assemblages of plants were studied at 14 sites in northern Patagonia corresponding to localities at which we (Monjeau et al. 1997) earlier studied the relationship between small mammal assemblages and landscape classifications. This allowed us to test predictions that both plants and small mammals correspond to the more inclusive hierarchical landscape divisions but that plants track better than small mammals the less inclusive divisions. Species presence or absence of plants at each locality was used in a series of multivariate analyses and compared by correlation analysis with those generated from small mammal species data. Assemblages of both plants and small mammals corresponded to the upper divisions, which are based on climatic and geomorphological features, but small mammal assemblages did not correspond to the lower divisions of the landscape classifications. Three factors are considered as explanations for the observed differences between plants and small mammals: a) small mammal habitat is determined more by plant growth form than by plant species; b) trophic level differences between the two groups; and c) species pool size affects the resolution of microhabitat correspondence. Our data indicate that both plant assemblages and small mammal assemblages respond to climatic and geomorphological features, which is in contrast to the paradigm that mammal assemblages simply follow plant assemblages. We also attempted to reconcile classification systems in Patagonia by proposing a nomenclatural system based on a hierarchical classification. In the system proposed, ecoregion is the lowest division small mammal assemblages can recognize in Patagonia. Finally, we conclude that the hierarchical nature of landscapes based on a holistic view of environments reflects real entities that are not just the perceptions of landscape ecologists.''Through analysis of zooarchaeological remains from two occupations at the site of Carrizales, we examine how an indigenous Peruvian maritime community responded to imperial interventions in their daily lives in the late sixteenth century. Following their forced resettlement into a planned village, and amidst demographic decline and tribute extraction, residents significantly changed how they put food on the table, pursuing less time-intensive strategies of food collection and incorporating Eurasian animals into their diets. These results illustrate of relations between imperial political economies and domestic life and the efficacy of indigenous survival strategies.''Coat protein sequences of 22 Papaya ringspot virus isolates collected from different locations in Jamaica and Venezuela in 1999 and 2004, respectively, were determined and compared with sequences of isolates from earlier epidemics in 1990 and 1993. Jamaican isolates collected in 1999 exhibited nucleotide sequence identities between 98 and 100% but shared lower identities of 92.2% with an isolate collected in 1990. Isolates from the 2004 epidemic in Venezuela exhibited more heterogeneity, with identities between 88.7 and 98.8%. However, isolates collected in 1993 were more closely related (97.7%). The viral populations of the two countries are genetically different and appear to be changing at different rates; presumably driven by introductions, movement of plant materials, geographical isolation, and disease management practices.''Taxonomic and ecological notes on all species of Aloysia Palau occurring in Bolivia are provided together with a key to the species. Variation within several species is discussed and questions are raised about the status of many varieties recognised by earlier botanists. A. arcuifolia Nesom and A. herrerae Moldenke are treated as synonyms of A. fiebrigii (Hayek) Moldenke, A. beckii Moldenke and A. mizquensis Ravenna are treated as synonyms of A. gratissima (Gillies & Hook.) Tronc., A. boliviensis Moldenke, A. depressa Ravenna and A. peruviana Turcz. are treated as synonyms of a very variable A. scorodonoides (Kunth) Cham. ex Moldenke which intergrades with A. virgata (Ruiz & Pav.) Juss. ex Moldenke. A table of differences is provided to help distinguish these two ill-defined species. A. axillaris J. R. I. Wood, a Bolivian endemic is described as new, its solitary axillary flowers extending the definition of Aloysia to include species with this kind of inflorescence. The new species is illustrated.''In this study, new single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) markers were developed for common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) and related Phaseolus species. The applied strategy presents new and interesting aspects, such as the choice of accessions used, which was aimed at capturing a large portion of the genetic diversity present in the common bean, with particular focus on wild and domesticated materials from Mesoamerica and the identification of loci for sequencing. Indeed, the primer pairs for 34 loci were designed with the main strategy being to search for single-copy orthologous genes among the legumes (for use in other legume species and comparative analyses). The 10 remaining loci were selected as being near to domestication quantitative trait loci or detected as putatively under selection during domestication in previous studies. To provide an efficient and inexpensive genotyping platform for geneticists and breeders, we used sequence data to develop 60 new SNP markers for KASPar assay genotyping. The same sample was also genotyped with SNP markers developed for common bean in other studies for the same assay. This allowed testing for systematic bias according to the criteria chosen to select the genotypes in which the genetic diversity is surveyed during SNP discovery. Finally, we show that most of the SNP markers worked well in a set of accessions of other species belonging to the Phaseolus genus. The genetic resources developed will be very useful not only for breeding, but also for biodiversity conservation management and evolutionary studies on legumes.''Mountain fens are vital ecosystems for habitat, biodiversity, water and carbon cycling, but there is little comprehensive information on their distribution, abundance or condition in any region of the western U.S. Our study objectives were to: 1) evaluate fen distribution, abundance and characteristics in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado, 2) quantify disturbances, and 3) prioritize restoration needs of fens. We mapped 624 fens in 37 watersheds and collected field data on 182 of these fens. We estimated that approximately 2,000 fens occur in the San Juan Mountains, primarily in the subalpine zone at an average elevation of Fens ranged from 0.2 to in size, peat thickness ranged between 0.40 to and surface slope ranged from Groundwater pH ranged from and Ca+2 from reflecting the diverse geochemistry of watershed parent materials. We identified 188 vascular and 63 bryophyte taxa, and classified the 309 sampled stands into 20 plant communities that formed along complex hydrogeomorphic and geochemical gradients. The majority of fens were in excellent condition; however 10% of our sampled fens had high to very high restoration potential due to impacts from roads, mining, and ditching.''The potential impacts of climate change on potatoes cropping in the Peruvian highlands (Altiplano) is assessed using climate projections for obtained from the HadRM3P regional atmospheric model of the Hadley Centre. The atmospheric model is run under two different special report on emission scenarios: high CO2 concentration (A2) and moderate CO2 concentration (B2) for four locations situated in the surroundings of Lake Titicaca. The two main varieties of potato cultivated in the area are studied: the Andean potato (Solanum tuberosum) and the bitter potato (Solanum juzepczukii). A simple process-oriented model is used to quantify the climatic impacts on crops cycles and yields by combining the effects of temperature on phenology, of radiation and CO2 on maximum yield and of water balance on yield deficit. In future climates, air temperature systematically increases, precipitation tends to increase at the beginning of the rainy season and slightly decreases during the rest of the season. The direct effects of these climatic changes are earlier planting dates, less planting failures and shorter crop cycles in all the four locations and for both scenarios. Consequently, the harvesting dates occur systematically earlier: roughly in January for the Andean potato instead of March in the current situation and in February for the bitter potato instead of April. Overall, yield deficits will be higher under climate change than in the current climate. There will be a strong negative impact on yields for S. tuberosum (stronger under A2 scenario than under B2); the impact on S. juzepczukii yields, however, appears to be relatively mixed and not so negative.''Wild populations of common bean pertainingto the Andean gene pool are distributedfrom southern Peru to northern Argentina.The objectives of this study were todetermine the genetic structure of Andeanlandraces from northern Argentina, as oneof the potential domestication sites of theAndean domesticated gene pool, and toestablish a correspondence between Andeanprimitive landraces and wild populationsthat might have served as the source ofdomesticated bean. Forty-four landraces and21 wild populations representing thediversity of common bean in northernArgentina were included in this study. Results indicated that Andean gene pool inArgentina has a large genetic base on thebasis of morphological and adaptivevariability and biochemical analysis. Theexistence of introgressed populations withsympatric wild forms was evidenced.''Characterization of crop germplasm from specific regions helps understand the patterns of genetic variation that facilitates further germplasm collection, characterization, management and their more efficient utilization in genetics, breeding and other studies. Common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) is a traditional crop in the Iberian Peninsula (Spain and Portugal) where subsistence farmers have been growing and maintaining their own cultivars since their introductions from the Americas in the sixteenth century. Our objectives were to: (i) characterize diversity in the landraces collected from the Iberian Peninsula and (ii) form a core collection. Of 388 landraces from the major production regions characterized for 34quantitative and 13 qualitative characters, including morphological, agronomic and biochemical traits, 74.7% had an Andean origin, 16.8% a Mesoamerican origin and 8.4% had seed mixtures or were recombinants between the two gene pools. Landraces of indeterminate climbing growth habit Type IV(47.2%) and bush determinate Type I(26.4%) with large (52.9%) and medium(27.4%) seeds of white (38.8%) and cream(25.9%) colour were predominant. Similarly, the phaseolin pattern and common bean race Nueva Granada were the most frequent(51%). Some exceptionally large-seeded landraces of Andean (e.g., PHA-0917 with119 g 100-seed weight-1) and Mesoamerican (e.g., PHA-0399 with 66 g100-seed weight-1) were found. These and other possible recombinants between the two gene pools merit further investigation. Fifty two landraces (13%) were chosen to form a core collection representing the genetic diversity in the Iberian Peninsula.''Three new species of Psammisia s.l. (Ericaceae: Vaccinieae) endemic to Colombia have been identified from collections of the Colombian Western Cordillera. They are Psammisia mateoi, Psammisia longirachis, and Psammisia glandulolaminata. Here the new species are described, discussed, and illustrated through line drawings and photographs of living plants.''In order to investigate the impact of the smoothed orography and the spurious orographic ripples on simulations in the low-resolution spectral model, three different numerical tests, that is, the unsmoothed orography scheme, the smoothed orography scheme and non-ripples scheme are performed. In this paper, the model used by us is the same as Part I except for orographic specification.The results from simulations indicate that, as far as the climatic simulation is concerned, some aspects of the simulated stationary disturbances, zonal and meridional wind, temperature and precipitation in the low-resolution spectral model with properly smoothed mountains are significantly improved, especially in winter hemisphere.The deep ripples in the model with the unsmoothed orography produce spurious high pressure regions at the surface with subsidence, and suppress rainfall, causing an unrealistic splitting of the precipitation area in northern winter and summer. Removal of the deep ripples by using the special procedure for smoothing topography allows a strong upward motion in the ripple area with heavy rainfall, eliminating the unrelistic split in the precipitation area.''Pentagonia lanciloba, a new species of Rubiaceae (Hippotideae) from the wet forests of northwestern Ecuador, is described. This new species is characterized by pinnatifid leaf blades with tapered and long-decurrent subsessile bases, floral bracts with long-acuminate to caudate apices, calyces with narrowly-lanceolate and remarkably long lobes and tomentose, orange to red corollas. The new species is illustrated, and its relationship to morphologically similar species is discussed.'Abstract not available'A new species of rotifer, Keratella morenoi n.sp. is described from laguna Los Juncos, a temporary pool in the Patagonia Plateau of Argentina. The new taxon is characterised by its rectangular lorica with a foundation pattern consisting of 19 clearly delimited facets, including five median. The frontomedian and anteromedian facets are pentagonal. The specimens examined have two well-developed, unequal posterior spines.'Abstract not available'The present study focuses on the geographic distribution and biodiversity of the Chlorococcales in Patagonian lakes, covering a latitudinal transect. Two different approaches are considered (a) a review of the historical records of Chlorococcales in Patagonia and (b) the analysis of the morphology-based species diversity, ecological remarks, and geographic distribution of the chlorococcalean species recorded in 33 aquatic environments during surveys 2007 and 2008. A total of 308 chlorococcalean species were recorded throughout a 60-year period in Patagonian freshwater systems, encountering the highest chlorococcalean richness in lakes and shallow lakes located in the more intensively sampled areas. In our surveys 72 chlorococcalean taxa were registered, among which 80% are worldwide distributed, about 19% are restricted to cold temperate areas in both hemispheres and one species (Pediastrum patagonicum) is one of the taxa probably endemic for Patagonia. The chlorococcalean richness in relation to the environmental factors, revealed that it is directly correlated with the trophic status of the water bodies (chl a: and DIN: The latitude was inversely correlated with the species richness and the chlorococcalean biodiversity of the Andean lakes (mean value: 3.64) was significantly lower than that of the lakes from the Patagonian Plateau (mean value: 9.62). In this study we observed a decreasing trend in the biodiversity of Chlorococcales with increasing latitude, which fits in the existing ecological pattern described for different groups of organisms.''The phylogeny of the 13 bat species belonging to the genus Sturnira Gray, 1842 (Chiroptera: Phyllostomidae: Sternodermatinae) is reevaluated after the attempts of Owen (1981, 1987) and PACHE-co and Peterson (1991). The combination of the morphological data previously reported by Owen (1981) and Pacheco and Peterson (1991) are used in the present study from which 10 different equally parsimonious trees were obtained (Cl = 57, Rl = 54, L= 39). However, after the implementation of the option of successive character weighting only two of the five previous trees were re-obtained. Both reobtain trees exhibit a. better intrageneric relationship for the genus Sturnira than the previous studies. In contraposition with the ideas of DE LA TORRE (1961), our results suggest that the ancestor for the Sturnira species occurred at high elevations in contrast to the low elevation ancestor theory.''Biological invasions are important drivers of biodiversity loss. Hence, predicting invasion risks considering the invasion history of a species might help drive meaningful conservation strategies. We investigated the niche dynamics occurring during the invasion of Hydrilla verticillata in North and South America. Because of founder effects, we hypothesised that occupied invaded area niches across North and South American are a subset of the occupied niche in the native range. Moreover, according to the invasion history, we expected that the South American niche is more similar to the North American one than the native niche. We built ecological niche models to predict the potential distribution of hydrilla from native and invaded occurrence records, as well as analysing niche overlap, equivalency, and similarity between the native and two invaded areas. Although the models predicted spatially congruent suitable sites, the ones based on native occurrence records predicted larger geographical ranges for hydrilla across South America than those based on the records of its North American invasions. The environmental conditions the species occupied in both invaded areas are modestly overlapped with the native area with native and South American niches showing the highest overlap and significant equivalency. Contrary to our prediction, the invaded North and South American niches presented the smallest niche overlap. Our findings suggest that founder effects triggered deep shifts in occupation abilities across invaded areas, but do not support successive invasion events. Grinnellian niche was maintained throughout the invaded areas, and its potential invasion across South America is massive, regardless of its origin.''Roads have important effects on wildlife, such as natural habitat fragmentation and degradation and direct killing of fauna, which leads to reductions in wildlife population size. We focused on a principal road in Northwest Argentina to test for the effect of seasonality and landscape features on the composition of road-killed wildlife. We conducted regularly scheduled road trips during the dry and wet seasons. We recorded the presence or absence of a vegetation curtain or hedge along the road. We measured land use by remote sensing in a the road. We compared the abundance of animals killed between seasons (dry and wet) for different taxonomic groups (mammals, birds and reptiles) and for different origins (domestic and native). We built linear mixed models to test the effect of landscape features on the abundance of killed animals. Two hundred and ninety-three individuals were killed, belonging to 35 species; were native and domestic species. The majority of animals killed were mid-sized mammals. More animals were killed during the dry season. The most important factors to explain the wildlife road-killing were the season and the proportion of agricultural landscape. The composition of the killed animals changed with the season. The proportion of agricultural landscape incremented the number of killed birds and mammals during both seasons, without affecting reptiles. The ratio of wild to domestic animals killed was dependent on the season. This study sets a precedent as the first in road ecology in Northwest Argentina and should be taken into account for road planning and regulation.''Earth jurisprudence represents an alternative approach to the law based on the belief that nature has rights. In this view, a river has the right to flow, species have the right to continue to exist in the wild, and ecosystems have the right to adapt and evolve over time. Proponents of Earth jurisprudence argue that, by treating nature as exploitable resources, contemporary legal systems actively promote environmental harms. Recognising rights of nature, they argue, will transform core values and inspire social changes that promote economic development which respects limits. Since 2006, rights of nature have been recognised by some sub-federal public bodies in the United States and by the governments of Ecuador and Bolivia. This paper sets out to answer two questions. First, what explains the legal recognition of rights of nature in Ecuador and Bolivia? Second, what factors impede a wider adoption and implementation of Earth jurisprudence? Amongst the constraints, it will be argued, is that Ecuador and Bolivia continue to pursue an extractivist economic development model, with assertions of national sovereignty over natural resources tending to prevail over Earth jurisprudence and environmental conservation.''Water has always played a vital role in human societies. In order to manage the water resources, many countries have built water reservoirs, for example, dams for sustainable development, growth and poverty reduction. Vegetation, in the watershed region of a dam, plays a very vital role on soil erosion and consequently on the sediments deposition in the water reservoir. This study intends to analyze the impact of vegetation cover on soil erosion and thereby the sediments deposition in the watershed region of a dam by using satellite remote sensing technique. For this, Mangla dam which is one of the most important water reservoirs in Pakistan and its capacity has been reduced by more than 20% since its construction, is selected as the study area. Shuttle Radar Topographic Mission (SRTM) data, onboard the space shuttle Endeavor, was used to calculate the total drainage area for the Mangla watershed. Landsat images for the years 1979, 1980, 1992, 1998 and 2002 were used to estimate the total area of vegetation in the Mangla watershed region. In order to estimate the vegetation area, two vegetation indices, that is, Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) were applied on Landsat MSS, TM, and ETM+ images. The comparison of sedimentation and vegetation data indicates that except for the year 1992, the load of sedimentation in Mangla dam decreases with an increase in the vegetation area in the Mangla watershed region. The maximum vegetation in the Mangla watershed region is estimated in the year 2002, and subsequently, the load of sediments in the same year in Mangla dam is minimum. The current study thus indicates that the soil erosion which is the main reason of sedimentation in water reservoir can be controlled with the help of plantation of various species of vegetation in the watershed region of the reservoir.''The snowpack is changing across the globe, as the climate warms and changes. We used daily snow water equivalent (SWE) niveograph (time series of SWE) data from 458 snow telemetry (SNOTEL) stations for the period 1982 through 2012. Nineteen indices based on amount, timing, time length, and rates were used to describe the annual temporal evolution in SWE accumulation and ablation. The trends in these annual indices were computed over the time period for each station using the Theil-Sen slope. These trends were then clustered into four groups to determine the spatial pattern of SWE trends. Temperature and precipitation data were extracted from the PRISM data set, due to the shorter time period of temperature measurement at the SNOTEL stations.Results show that SNOTEL stations can be clustered in four clusters according to the observed trends in snow indices. Cluster 1 stations are mostly located in the Eastern- and South-eastern most parts of the study area and they exhibit a generalized decrease in the indices related with peak SWE and snow accumulation. Those stations recorded a negative trend in precipitation and an increase in temperature. Cluster 4 that is mostly restricted to the North and North-west of the study area shows an almost opposite pattern to cluster 1, due to months with positive trends and a more moderate increase of temperature. Stations grouped in clusters 2 and 3 appear mixed with clusters 1 and 4, in general they show very little trends in the snow indices.''Attention is drawn to the relatively low number of Ipomoea species found in the Amazon basin as well as to the rarity of most species restricted to the region. Six new species from the Amazonian periphery are described: Ipomoea acrensis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland and I. altoamazonica J. R. I. Wood & Scotland from Brazil and Peru, I. maranyonensis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland from Peru, I. macarenaensis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland from Colombia, I. pogonocalyx J. R. I. Wood & Scotland from Brazil and I. deminuta J. R. I. Wood & Scotland from Bolivia. Variation in I. megapotamica is discussed and two subspecies are recognised, subsp. megapotamica from southern South America and subsp. velutina J. R. I. Wood & Scotland from northern Brazil and Venezuela. Plants treated as I. chenopodiifolia M. Martens & Galeotti from Venezuela are recognised as I. retropilosa (Pittier) D. F. Austin. Two subspecies of this species are proposed, subsp. retropilosa being endemic to the Venezuelan Andes whereas the newly described subsp. cundinamarcana J. R. I. Wood & Scotland is restricted to Colombia. I. austinii Infante-Bet. is treated as a synonym of the African I. involucrata P. Beauv., one of a number of Old World species now established in the neotropics.''Darwin developed his theory of evolution based on an analogy between artificial selection by breeders of his day and For Darwin, selection included what biologists came to see as being composed of (1) phenotypic selection of individuals based on phenotypic differences, and, when these are based on heritable genotypic differences, (2) genetic response between generations, which can result in (3) evolution (cumulative directional genetic response over generations). The use of the term in biology and plant breeding today reflects selection is only biologically significant when it results in evolution. In contrast, research shows that small-scale, traditionally-based farmers select seed as part of an integrated production and consumption system in which selection is often not part of an evolutionary process, but is still useful to farmers. Extending analogy to farmers can facilitate communication between farmers, biologists, and plant breeders to improve selection and crop genetic resource conservation.''Reservoir sedimentation dynamics were interpreted using Cs-137 activity, particle size and rainfall erosivity analysis in conjunction with sediment profile coring. Two sediment cores were retrieved from the Changshou reservoir of Chongqing, which was dammed in 1956 at the outlet of Longxi catchment in the Three Gorges Area using a gravity corer equipped with an acrylic tube with an inner diameter of 6 cm. The extracted cores were sectioned at 2 cm intervals. All sediment core samples were dried, sieved (<2 mm) and weighed. 137Cs activity was measured by spectrometry. The particle size of the core samples was measured using laser particle size granulometry. Rainfall erosivity was calculated using daily rainfall data from meteorological records and information on soil conservation history was collated to help interpret temporal sedimentation trends. The peak fallout of 137Cs in 1963 appeared at a depth of 84 cm in core A and 56 cm in core B. The peaks of sand contents were related to the peaks of rainfall erosivity which were recorded in 1982, 1989, 1998 and 2005, respectively. Sedimentation rates were calculated according to the sediment profile chronological controls of 1956, 1963, 1982, 1989, 1998 and 2005. The highest sedimentation rate was around 2.0 between 1982 and 1988 when the Chinese national reform and the Household Responsibility System were implemented, leading to accelerated soil erosion in the Longxi catchment. Since 1990s, and particularly since 2005, sedimentation rates clearly decreased, since a number of soil conservation programs have been carried out in the catchment. The combined use of 137Cs chronology, particle size and rainfall erosivity provided a simple basis for reconstructing reservoir sedimentation dynamics in the context of both physical processes and soil restoration. Its advantages include avoiding the need for full blown sediment yield reconstruction and the concomitant consideration of core correlation and corrections for autochthonous inputs and reservoir trap efficiency.''Rainfall erosivity is an important climatic factor for predicting soil loss. Through the application of high-resolution pluviograph data at 5 stations in Huangshan City, Anhui Province, China, we analyzed the performance of a modified Richardson model that incorporated the seasonal variations in parameters and The results showed that (1) moderate to high seasonality was presented in the distribution of erosive rainfall, and the seasonality of rainfall erosivity was even stronger; (2) seasonal variations were demonstrated in both parameters and of the Richardson model; and (3) incorporating and coordinating the seasonality of parameters and greatly improved the predictions at the monthly scale. This newly modified model is therefore highly recommended when monthly rainfall erosivity is required, such as, in planning soil and water conservation practices and calculating the cover-management factor in the Universal Soil Loss Equation (USLE) and Revised Universal Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE).''Women are traditionally important participants in both the agricultural and forestry components of agroforestry production. Women are frequently ignored in the design of agroforestry projects because of commonly held myths about their participation in both production activities and in public life. The involvement of women in agroforestry projects and activities are examined in case studies from the Dominican Republic, India and Kenya. Considerations for including women in agroforestry projects are discussed.'dendrothauma is an arboreal epiphytic hemiparasite that was recently discovered in Nepal. We present results of preliminary studies on its habitat, demography, hemiparasitism, flower development, and pollination. While showing a strong preference forAbies spectabilis trunks and branches as a substrate,P. dendrothauma also grows on other species of trees and shrubs in the understorey as well as on dead wood on the forest floor, and only very rarely is rooted in soil or on rocks, rooted in a bryophyte layer. Demographic monitoring of the population in 1999 and 2001 allows us to begin to predict longevity, average size of flowering plants, and survivorship and flowering probability on different substrates. We demonstrate that individual plants ofP. dendrothauma live at least four, and probably at least five years. Studies of haustoria show that the species has retained its hemiparasitic habit despite having moved from a terrestrial to an arboreal habitat. Flowering probability increases with plant size; an average flowering plant has five leaves and a longest leaf that measures 21.5 cm. Survivorship varies from substrate to substrate, with the greatest survivorship over a two year period occurring in plants growing on living trees. Flowering probability was the same for plants growing on living trees as it was for plants on dead wood. Studies of flower development suggest that plants growing high in the canopy proceeded through the stages of floral development more rapidly than plants nearer ground level. Despite many hours of field observation, the method of pollination remains a mystery; we suggest different possible pollination mechanisms.'is no one-size-fits-all way to successfully implement forest landscape restoration (FLR). Complex socio-ecological systems present challenges and opportunities that can best be met with a systematic framework for designing, planning, steering, and monitoring FLR projects to meet diverse needs. Project cycle management is an iterative, adaptive, hierarchical framework with recurring consultations among stakeholders that can enhance the likelihood of FLR'This article aims to map scientific production and cooperation networks on the theme of certified coffee in the Scopus and Web of Science databases for the period from 2009 to 2019. To this end, bibliometric analysis tools are networks, co-citation, co-authorship and bibliographic a set of 209 articles from Scopus and 306 articles from the Web of Science database. The results of this study allow us to conclude that although the scientific production on coffee and certification has increased in Scopus and Web of Science during the last decade, the research on the theme has a low prevalence of collaborative networks and is concentrated in a small number of journals. It is noteworthy that environmental and sustainability studies play a leading role, while there is a scarcity of studies in the economic area.''Integrated assessment of natural and human systems is regarded as a way to facilitate effective governance of complex environmental issues, and engagement of stakeholders is recognised as a key requirement of such an assessment. Place-based ecosystem service analysis is one framework for integrative research on understanding citizen values. By using the lens of place, participants can articulate values and perceptions. Advantages of this framework are particularly relevant in the urban setting, given that the population and functioning of cities create especially high pressure on ecosystems and biodiversity of the surrounding areas. This study reports on a place-based ecosystem service analysis study in Bogota, Colombia. It aimed to identify how urban citizens conceptualise the socio-ecological value of a nearby protected natural area, the Eastern Hills Protected Forest Area. The objective was to generate an integrated understanding of the services the Hills provide to Bogota. The study found that the services of fresh water and habitat provision, biodiversity, carbon sequestration, erosion control and climate and air quality were highly prioritised ecosystem services due to their fundamental importance for the maintenance of human life. The Hills also hold cultural value for Bogotans, such as a sense of belonging and identity, being the natural symbol of Bogota and inspiration for escapism. There is enthusiasm for greater stewardship and conservation of the Hills, and demand for a greater role in decision making. The place-based ecosystem service approach can be developed as a tool for developing an integrated understanding of citizen values for landscape management.''We used palm knowledge to understand the interaction between people and the rainforests and the factors that influence this dynamic process. We interviewed 278 informants in 12 villages in the Pastaza and Madidi areas of the western Amazon basin. Together they used 38 different palm species for 38 different uses in six use-categories (food, construction, utensils, ritual, medicine, commercial). Euterpe precatoria, Iriartea deltoidea, and Oenocarpus bataua were best known and were mentioned as useful by of the informants in the 12 villages. There was a great variation in number of uses and in how widespread the uses were and five of the 38 useful palms were mentioned by only one informant. Among the socioeconomic factors analyzed, the residence village influenced the knowledge of palms and their uses more than any other factor. Length of education, prosperity and for how long the informant had lived in the village were also positively correlated to how many palms and palm uses were known. Gender differences in knowledge of palm uses were not observed in our data. We suggest, that the high importance of forest products to the livelihood of the villagers, the great variation in the knowledge they possess, and the fact that the differences between villages is so great, are important elements to consider when developing management plans for the sustainable use of the rainforest resources in the western Amazon.'Abstract not available'This study tests four hypotheses related to forest clearing over time in northern Amazon: (1) a larger increase in population over time on a farm (finca) leads to more deforestation; (2) rates of forest clearing surrounding four primary reference communities differ (spatial heterogeneity); (3) fincas farther from towns/communities experience lower rates of forest clearing over time; and (4) forest clearing differs by finca settlement cohort, viz., by year of establishment of the finca. In this paper, we examine the relationship between forest clearing and key variables over time, and compare three statistical random effects, and spatial test hypotheses. Descriptive analyses indicate that of forest area was cleared on fincas between 1990 and 1999; that more recently established fincas experienced more rapid forest clearing; and that population size and forest clearing are both related to distance from a major community. Controlling for key variables, model results indicate that an increase in population size is significantly related to more forest clearing; rates of forest clearing around the four major communities are not significantly different; distances separating fincas and communities are not significantly related to deforestation; and deforestation rates are higher among more recently established fincas. Key policy implications include the importance of reducing population growth and momentum through measures such as improving information about and provision of family planning services; increasing the low level of education to delay and reduce fertility; and expanding credit and agricultural extension services to increase agricultural intensification.''This paper describes trends in population, household formation, fragmentation of landholdings, and changes in land use between 1990 and 1999 in the Northern Ecuadorian Amazon of the areas of highest biodiversity in the world. It also shows how changes in land use are associated with the duration (or age) of the farm settlement, which is also linked to the stage in the farm household lifecycle and household composition. The study is based upon data from two detailed household surveys, which result in a cohort of 246 farm households interviewed in 1990 and 1999 as well as 383 new farm households constituted after 1990. Distinct patterns of land use are linked with duration of settlement, independent of when settlement occurred in the region.''The low-level jet (LLJ) is closely related to severe rainfall events, air pollution, wind energy utilization, aviation safety, sandstorms, forest fire, and other weather and climate phenomena. Therefore, it has attracted considerable attention since its discovery. Scientists have carried out many studies on LLJs and made significant achievements during the past five or six decades. This article summarizes and assesses the current knowledge on this subject, and focuses in particular on three aspects: 1) LLJ classification, definition, distribution, and structure; 2) LLJ formation and evolutionary mechanisms; and 3) relationships between LLJ and rainfall, as well as other interdisciplinary fields. After comparing the status of LLJ research at home (China) and abroad, we then discuss the shortcomings of LLJ research in China. We suggest that this includes: coarse definitions of the LLJ, lack of observations and inadequate quality control, few thorough explorations of LLJ characteristics and formation mechanisms, and limited studies in interdisciplinary fields. The future prospects for several LLJ research avenues are also speculated.'Abstract not available'Many smallholders in the Amazon employ swidden (slash-and-burn) farming systems in which forest or forest fallows are the primary source of natural soil enrichment. With decreasing opportunities to claim natural forests for agriculture and shrinking landholdings, rotational agriculture on smaller holdings allows insufficient time for fallow to regenerate naturally into secondary forest. This case study examines how Peruvian farmers use as an adaptive response to a situation of decreasing soil fertility and how the farmers describe the rationale underlying the various actions taken in these modified fallow systems. The results indicate that farmers establish improved fallows using contextual ecological knowledge and various techniques to introduce a large diversity of tree species. This practice is also used to restore degraded land to agricultural production. The tasks of maintaining productivity on agricultural land and reforesting degraded areas is becoming increasingly urgent in the Amazon, making agricultural practices that involve reforestation and tree management highly relevant. Since swidden farming systems are the basis for the livelihoods of most Amazon smallholders, good farming practices elaborated by swidden farmers are important for sustainable small-scale family farming systems in the Amazon.''Oleoresin extracted from copaiba (Copaifera spp.: Leguminosae) trees is a popular traditional medicine in Amazonia. I studied production ecology from three copaiba types in the eastern Brazilian Amazon. Mean oleoresin yield from the first harvest was 0.07 liters per tree for all trees drilled and 0.23 liters per tree for ones yielding some oleoresin. Yields were comparable toC. multijuga results in central Amazonia but lower than anecdotal reports of 2 liters or more per tree. Yield differences were minor between tree types and seasons. Yield peaked in mid-size trees (45-65 cm DBH) while small (45 cm DBH), very large (>65 cm DBH), and hollow trees (due to senescence or fire) yielded negligible amounts. Oleoresin was harvested almost exclusively from inner heartwood, indicating that factors stimulating its synthesis in cambium are probably distinct from factors that promote its storage in heartwood and loss of yield many years later.''Rural households in agricultural economies are vulnerable to several environmental risks such as fires, floods, and droughts that may affect their productivity in whole or in part. These hazards are especially relevant in developing countries where farmers have few or no access to traditional risk-transfer techniques, such as insurance and finance, and where low governmental investments in rural infrastructure, risk assessment techniques, or early warning systems makes the aftermath of such hazards more expensive and results in slower recovery for those who are affected. In this paper, we use historical satellite data (Terra) of burned areas in South America to fit a semiparametric spatial model, based on kernel smoothing and on a nonlinear relationship between average time between events and damage, to assess the environmental hazard affecting the productivity. The results were twofold: first, we were able to develop a spatial assessment of fire hazard, and second, we were able to evaluate how much a farmer may lose in terms of productivity per hectare due to the environmental hazard. The methodology may be easily adapted to other world regions; to different environmental hazards such as floods, windbreak, windthrow, or related land-use changes; or to integrate various environmental hazards simultaneously, as long as they can be monitored via remote sensing (e.g., satellite imagery, aerial photographs, etc).''The discussions anticipating the annual joint meeting of the IMF and the World Bank in Berlin this autumn have again drawn the increased attention of a broader public to the debt problems of the developing countries. Alternative groups are planning to hold an anti-congress, in which especially the role of the IMF and the World Bank in this connection are to be subjected to a critical examination.The following article describe the basic points of criticism.''Pitayasfrom various species were an important edible fruit in semiarid lands of tropical and subtropical Mexico in ancient times. Recently, farmers have been cultivating plants selected from the wild, such as Stenocereus queretaroensis in the Sayula Basin of Jalisco. These cacti can flower and produce fruit before the onset of the summer rainy period. Their fruits have an attractively colored pulp (often dark red) with digestible seeds and without the nasty glochids found on cactus pears. The sugar content is 10 to 11%. The shelf life is only a few days, as the fruits tend to dehisce longitudinally. Pitayas bring a competitive price in local markets, resulting in a substantial financial return with relatively low inputs of water, fertilizer, and pesticides.'Abstract not available'This is the first study to investigate whether scatter-hoarding behavior, a conditional mutualism, can be disrupted by forest fragmentation. We examined whether acouchies (Myoprocta acouchy, Rodentia) and agoutis (Dasyprocta leporina, Rodentia) changed scatter-hoarding behavior toward seeds of Astrocaryum aculeatum (Arecaceae) as a consequence of a decrease in forest-patch area. Our study was conducted at the 30-year-old Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragments Project, in central Amazon, Brazil. We tested whether forest size affected the number of Astrocaryum seeds removed and scatter-hoarded (and likely dispersed) by acouchies and agoutis, as well as the distance that the seeds were hoarded. The study extended over three seasons: the peak of the rainy season the transition between the rainy and the dry season and the peak of the dry season Our results revealed that the number of seeds removed was larger in smaller fragments, but that the percentage of seeds hoarded was much lower, and seeds eaten much higher, in 1-ha fragments. Moreover, fewer seeds were taken longer distances in fragments than in the continuous forest. Site affected the number of seeds removed and season affected the percentage of seeds hoarded: more seeds were removed from stations in one site than in two others, and hoarding was more important in April and September than in June. Our study reveals that scatter-hoarding behavior is affected by forest fragmentation, with the most important disruption in very small fragments. Fragmentation converts a largely mutualistic relationship between the rodents and this palm in large forest patches into seed predation in small fragments.''There is growing interest in large-scale approaches to ecology, for both plants and animals. In particular, macroecological studies enable examination of the patterns and determinants of species richness of a variety of groups of organism throughout the world, which might have important implications for prediction and mitigation of the consequences of global change. Here, we provide richness data for freshwater fishes, which, with more than 13,000 described species, comprise a quarter of all vertebrate species. We conducted an extensive literature survey of native, non-native (exotic), and endemic freshwater fish species richness. The resulting database, called Fish-SPRICH, contains data from more than 400 bibliographic sources including published papers, books, and grey literature sources. Fish-SPRICH contains richness values at the river basin grain for 1,054 river basins covering more than 80% of the continental surface. This database is currently the most comprehensive global database of native, non-native and endemic freshwater fish richness available at the river basin grain.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'A review is given of the literature concerning palm pollination. Results of this review indicate great diversity in pollination, but three basic syndromes are common in the family, cantharophily, mellitophily, and myophily. Anemophily appears uncommon and derived. Evidence of a close association between certain beetles and palms may be indicative of ancestral cantharophily.'candida andE. formosa are two often sympatric species of bulbous geophytes restricted to neotropical rain forest understory. The species are most common in eastern Ecuador, and are the only two east Ecuadorean species of the genus found north of the Pastaza valley. Data from phenetic, karyotypic, and preliminary isozyme electrophoretic analyses of both species are represented. The species are distinguishable phenetically and karyologically, but isozyme-based relationships are more complex. Phenetic resolution of the isozyme phenotypes supports recognition of two species in Ecuador. A Peruvian isolate ofE. formosa, though not morphologically distinct, shows both allozyme and chromosomal divergence from Ecuadorean populations. Cladistic relationships based on overall allozyme data do not support species distinction, but a novel electrophoretic phenotype for glutathione reductase is shared only by individuals ofE. candida. An apparent geographic component within the monophyletic groups resolved in the cladogram suggests that some degree of gene flow between these two species has been maintained without the complete loss of morpholgoical species identity. This may have been mediated either by artificial population structures due to a probable long history of cultivation, or via Pleistocene refugia effects. Both species may have originated in eastern Ecuador from a common ancestral population which has since radiated outward, perhaps several times.'flexuosa is a keystone species with a broad geographic distribution throughout the Amazon. Environmental changes can impact the reproductive success in a keystone species such as M. flexuosa, which results in a cascade of events that impacts many other species. The present study examined the reproductive phenology in the palm M. flexuosa between December 2010 and November 2012. A 1-ha plot was established in the central Amazon and all tall were labelled for measuring. The following five phenophases were recorded monthly for each labelled palm: (i) spadix formation; (ii) buds; (iii) open flowers; (iv) infructescences with green fruits; and (v) infructescences with ripe fruits. ANOVA and multiple range tests were used to evaluate significant differences among variables for each year. The phenological activity index for each phase was related with regional climate variables, including maximum and minimum daily temperature, monthly accumulated precipitation, cloudiness, flood and water table levels in the plot using a redundancy analysis. Overall, fruiting and flowering AIs exhibited significant differences; however, increased synchronous flowering was recorded during the first year associated with maximum temperatures and a drought period; the second year indicated precipitation sufficient for higher fruit production. Climate also influenced seedling mortality, recruitment, and establishment.''Management of renewable natural resources and the corresponding policy formulation should be founded on reliable data and information. This refers both to information on the resource itself and to information on the market situation. In this paper, we present methodology and major results of an inventory of the Guadua resources, in a study area of about within the Coffee Region of Colombia. This inventory produced for the first time sample-based statistical estimations of the Guadua area and growing stock. In the study area, land cover of Guadua patches was estimated to be 3.9% or about (minimum patch area This is higher than figures published earlier. Estimation for mean number of standing culms (including shoots and dry culms) per hectare was 6,940 with a mean diameter at breast height of apparent commercial volume of commercial wood volume of oven-dry biomass of and total carbon stock of While the low-intensity sampling approach worked well and may serve as an example for similar studies, we identified a number of issues for further research, particularly in what refers to as the basic mensurational models for Guadua volume and biomass estimation from inventories.''A taxonomic revision of two of the four genera in the rutaceous subtribe Pteleinae is presented.Helietta andBalfourodendron are neotropical taxa that share trifoliolate leaves, terminal thyrses, small isostemonous flowers, syncarpous ovaries, winged fruits, and seeds with endosperm. They differ mainly in thatBalfourodendron has leaf domatia and a samara with broad verticillate wings, whileHelietta lacks domatia and has a fruit that separates into free samaroid mericarps, each with a dorsal wing. Two species are recognized inBalfourodendron, B. riedelianum andB. molle, the latter being a new combination.Helietta comprises 8 species, including a new combination,H. glaziovii. Keys to the species, descriptions, synonyms illustrations, and comments on the geographic distribution and ecology of each taxon are presented.''Since the onset of the industrial revolution, in 1750, the concentration of carbon dioxide rose from 290 to 380 parts per million. Especially during the last decennia, the effects of increased greenhouse gases concentrations are being felt. The last worldwide contained the warmest since weather recording started. For southern Europe, the major effects reported by the International Panel on Climate Change are reduced water availability and a shorter suitable winter time slot for potato production. For northern Europe, climate change will bring a decreasing number of days with frost and a lengthening of the growing season. It will be associated with more rain in winter and less in summer, with more erratic but heavier rain storms. For potato production in Mediterranean and Sahelian types of climate, during the heat-free period of the year, yields will go down as the suitable period becomes shorter. With a higher evaporative demand, the resource water will be used less efficiently. Potato yields in temperate climates may that water for irrigation is to a longer growing season and higher carbon dioxide concentrations in the air. The quality may be affected as larger tubers with a higher dry matter concentration are expected. Problems with pests and diseases are expected to increase with a longer growing season at higher temperature which allows more cycles of multiplication and greater pressure. Late blight will also have a longer period to build up and erratic rains will make control more difficult. Seed production with increased vector pressure will become more costly because fewer field generations will follow the rapid multiplication stage and seed production may move further north. Present potato areas in Europe, however, are more affected by economic factors such as inadequate farm size, changing habits, and remoteness of markets than by climate determined suitability of growing conditions. To remain competitive, the industry will have to invest in strengthening existing production areas and assess the potential of new potato production areas (further north), in new varieties adapted to extremes in weather (heat, drought), in irrigation equipment, in equipment better adapted to wet soil conditions to assure accessibility, and in improved stores with more stores equipped with refrigeration as higher winter temperatures more frequently will make it impossible to keep ware potatoes cool with ambient air. Assessment of both climate change and market liberalization in Europe shows other roads ahead than when only climate effects are taken into consideration.'must annually undergo two energetically demanding but important activities: breeding and feather molt. Due to the high energetic investment that each demands, these two events are generally not carried out simultaneously. However, substantial variation in the level of annual reproductive investment among populations may result in variation in molt-breeding overlap between them. With the goal of understanding whether different songbird populations overlap molt and breeding, and, if so, to determine directions for research on the potential tradeoffs involved, we describe the relationship between clutch size, molt, and energetic condition within a genus of New World Flycatchers (Tyrannus). Of 219 Flycatchers sampled, only one individual molted flight feathers while breeding, suggesting that molting flight feathers and breeding simultaneously is too energetically expensive at any clutch size. However, some Flycatchers molted body feathers during the breeding season. When we tested for an effect of clutch size, sex and energetic condition on body molt intensity during the breeding season, only clutch size and sex had significant effects, with a negative effect of clutch size on body molt intensity in males but not in females. Based on these results, we develop a set of hypotheses to guide future studies on the potential tradeoffs between investment in reproduction and molt.''To detect plant specialization to pollinator insects and to further examine the hypotheses, flowering angiosperms and insect visitors were recorded in a northern maritime grassland community. Associations between plant species and insect groups were analyzed using binomial tests based on census data obtained from two sites over to an insect group by a plant was expressed as a significant deviation of the actual proportion (i.e. the proportion of the number of flower visits by the insect group to the plant species in the total number of visits to the plant species) of the expected proportion (i.e. the proportion of the number of visits by the insect group in the total visits during its flowering period). to a plant species by an insect was similarly expressed using the number of flowers of the plant species visited by the insect group. Most significant preferences varied temporally or spatially. Variability in the preferences is suggested to have resulted from temporal and spatial variations in the abundance and species composition of both flowers and insects. However, in species showing variable preferences, significant specialization in the pollinator insect group (i.e. relatively constant, mutual preferences) were demonstrated for seven and five plant species at the two study sites, respectively. Most specializations were found in associations with bumblebees. were significantly well represented in the flower shape types and and the flower color types which supports the theory.''Conversion of forest land to farmland in the Hyrcanian forest of northern Iran increases the nutrient input, especially the phosphorus (P) nutrient, thus impacting the water quality. Modeling the effect of forest loss on surface water quality provides valuable information for forest management. This study predicts the future impacts of forest loss between 2010 and 2040 on P loading in the Tajan River watershed at the sub-watershed level. To understand drivers of the land cover, we used Land Change Modeler (LCM) combining with the Soil Water Assessment Tool (SWAT) model to simulate the impacts of land use change on P loading. We characterized priority management areas for locating comprehensive and cost-effective management practices at the sub-watershed level. Results show that agricultural expansion has led to an intense deforestation. During the future period forest area is expected to decrease by 34,739 hm2. And the areas of pasture and agriculture are expected to increase by 7668 and 27,071 hm2, respectively. In most sub-watersheds, P pollution will be intensified with the increase in deforestation by the year 2040. And the P concentration is expected to increase from 0.08 to 2.30 mg/L in all of sub-watersheds by the year 2040. It should be noted that the phosphorous concentration exceeds the American Public Health water quality standard of 0.2 mg/L for P in drinking water in both current and future scenarios in the Tajan River watershed. Only 30% of sub-watersheds will comply with the water quality standards by the year 2040. The finding of the present study highlights the importance of conserving forest area to maintain a stable water quality.''The contiguous United States (USA) originally had two endemic parrot species, the Carolina Parakeet (Conuropsis carolinensis) and the Thick-billed Parrot (Rhynchopsitta pachyrhyncha). The Carolina Parakeet is now globally extinct, and the Thick-billed Parrot was extirpated from the USA. Otherwise, over the last century, the USA has become home to an increasing number of naturalized parrots, originally introduced through the pet trade. In this paper, we use historical records as well as data from citizen science (eBird and Christmas Bird Count, CBC) to summarize the current status of each of the naturalized parrots in the USA. During the 15-year period eBird and CBC contain sighting records of 56 species of parrots in the wild in 43 states. Of these, 25 species are now breeding and 23 states have at least one species of parrot breeding there. The three most common species are the Monk Parakeet (Myiopsitta monachus), the Red-crowned Amazon (Amazona viridigenalis), and the Nanday Parakeet (Aratinga nenday). Collectively, these three species comprise a total of 61% of all sightings on eBird and CBC over the last Three Texas, and support populations of all 25 species of breeding parrots in the USA. Naturalized parrots are now common species in local avifaunas in many areas in the USA, and they highlight complex issues, from the conservation of endangered species to the management of invasive species.''In an era of climate change, the availability of empirical data on alpine summit vegetation in the Himalaya is still scarce. Here we report the assessment of alpine summit flora in Gulmarg Wildlife Sanctuary, Kashmir Himalaya. We employed a globally standardized Multi-Summit Approach and four spatially isolated summits spanning an elevation gradient of 210 m (between m a.s.l.) from natural treeline to nival zone were studied. Sampling of the summits was carried out in the year 2018 to collect floristic data together with records of soil temperature. A total of 142 vascular plant species were recorded in the sampled summits. Majority of the species were of herbaceous growth form and with perennial life span. Based on life form, hemicryptophytes were the most dominant followed by therophytes and phanerophytes. The summit flora showed the predominance of narrow-endemic species, with broad- and non-endemics declining with elevation. A significant relationship between growth form, life form, and the degree of endemism with elevation was observed. Both species diversity and soil temperature showed a monotonic decrease with increasing elevation. Interestingly, soil temperature clearly determined the magnitude of species diversity on the summits. Furthermore, based on floristic composition, the lowest summit had the highest dissimilarity with the rest of the summits. The present study employed globally standardized protocol to scientifically assess the patterns of plant diversity on the alpine mountain summits of Kashmir Himalaya, which in turn has wide implications towards long-term monitoring of climate change impact on alpine biodiversity in the rapidly warming Himalaya.''The aim of this work is to use GIS integration data to characterize sedimentary processes in a SubTropical lagoon environment. The study area was the Inlet estuary in the southeastern section of the Lagoon Estuarine System (CLES), state of Paulo, Brazil The area is formed by the confluence of two estuarine channels forming a bay-shaped water body locally called The region is surrounded by one of the most preserved tracts of Atlantic Rain Forest in Southwestern Brazil and presents well-developed mangroves and marshes. In this study a methodology was developed using integrated a GIS database based on bottom sediment parameters, geomorphological data, remote sensing images, Hidrodynamical Modeling data and geophysical parameters. The sediment grain size parameters and the bottom morphology of the lagoon were also used to develop models of net sediment transport pathways. It was possible to observe that the sediment transport vectors based on the grain size model had a good correlation with the transport model based on the bottom topography features and Hydrodynamic model, especially in areas with stronger energetic conditions, with a minor contribution of finer sediments. This relation is somewhat less evident near shallower banks and depositional features. In these regions the organic matter contents in the sediments was a good complementary tool for inferring the hydrodynamic and depositional conditions (i.e. primary productivity, sedimentation rates, sources, oxi-reduction rates).'Abstract not available'Contiguity of protected areas (PAs) is a critical factor to promote well being of the native flora, fauna and life support system to humans. Such contiguity cannot be guaranteed without providing a path or through forested landscapes that includes natural land cover and undisturbed patches. Incidentally, the Himalayan foothills have greater pressure on these landscapes due to high human dependence for livelihood. This pressure is expected to increase in the coming years altering the potential corridors between PAs. The PA managers need flexible processing, modeling and decision tools to propose a range of acceptable corridors between the PAs and ensure their sustainable health. Such flexible tools can be utilized in future to modify for taking decision to conserve the patches connecting patches and adapt as per changing landscapes. This article describes utility of geospatial modeling tools to assess the status of corridors in light of changing landscapes between Rajaji and Jim Corbett National Park, the two most important PAs in the Himalayan foothills. The work has been carried out in four stages, satellite data land use land cover (LULC) maps were prepared for year 1990, 2000 and 2005, Change Modeler (LCM) was used for LULC change analysis, Layer Perceptron Neural Network (MLPNN) was used to predict the status of LULC for 2015 and 2020, and temporal morphology of the areas behaving both as barrier and easiness, friction surface cost was calculated to identify least cost pathways (LCPs)/migratory corridors between the PAs. The LULC maps for 1990, 2000 and 2005 were evaluated using accuracy assessment (80%) and Khat statistics (>0.79). The change prediction model was validated by comparing actual LULC of 2005 with predicted LULC of 2005 and the agreement was 71%. The LCP has shifted with the predicted change in the classes. The corridor has shifted by towards the south and has come closer to the agriculture fields and river channels.''Facilitation is known to be an important process structuring natural plant communities. However, much less is known about its role in facilitating the invasion of ecosystems by non-native plant species. In this study we evaluated the effects of invasive (Acer platanoides) and native (Pseudotsuga menziesii) forest types on the performance of A. platanoides seedlings, and related these effects to structural and functional properties associated with the two forest types, in a native P. menziesii forest that is being invaded by A. platanoides. Acer platanoidesseedlings had higher densities, recruitment, and survival, and experienced less photoinhibition and water stress when beneath conspecific canopies than in the adjacent P. menziesii forest. Soil moisture and canopy cover were greater in the invaded patch than the native forest. There was no difference in soil fertility or understory light levels between locations. These demographic (i.e. seedling survival), physiological, and environmental differences appeared to be due to the effects of A. platanoides and P. menziesii trees. Thus, Acer trees appear to produce a more mesic environment by modifying the structure and phenology of the forest canopy and by altering the timing of transpirational water loss relative to P. menziesii. Environmental modification by invaders that lead to positive effects on conspecifics may help us to understand the dramatic success and lag periods of some invasive species''If snow cover in alpine environments were reduced through climatic warming, plants that are normally protected by snow-lie in winter would become exposed to greater extremes of temperature and solar radiation. We examined the annual course of frost resistance of species of native alpine plants from southern New Zealand that are normally buried in snowbanks over winter (Celmisia haastii and Celmisia prorepens) or in sheltered areas that may accumulate snow (Hebe odora) and other species, typical of more exposed areas, that are relatively snow-free (Celmisia viscosa, Poa colensoi, Dracophyllum muscoides). The frost resistance of these principal species was in accord with habitat: those from snowbanks or sheltered areas showed the least frost resistance, whereas species from exposed areas had greater frost resistance throughout the year. P. colensoi had the greatest frost resistance All the principal species showed a rapid increase in frost resistance from summer to early winter and maximum frost resistance in winter The loss of resistance in late winter to early summer was most rapid in P. colensoi and D. muscoides. Seasonal frost resistance of the principal species was more strongly related to daylength than to temperature, although all species except C. viscosa were significantly related to temperature when the influence of daylength was accounted for. Measurements of chlorophyll fluorescence indicated that photosynthetic efficiency of the principal species declined with increasing daylength. Levels of frost resistance of the six principal alpine plant species, and others measured during the growing season, were similar to those measured in tropical alpine areas and somewhat more resistant than those recorded in alpine areas of Europe. The potential for frost damage was greatest in spring. The current relationship of frost resistance with daylength is sufficient to prevent damage at any time of year. While warmer temperatures might lower frost resistance, they would also reduce the incidence of frosts, and the incidence of frost damage is unlikely to be altered. The relationship of frost resistance with daylength and temperature potentially provides a means of predicting the responses of alpine plants in response to global warming.''Selection of an appropriate sampling strategy is an important prerequisite to establish core collections of appropriate size in order to adequately represent the genetic spectrum and maximally capture the genetic diversity in available crop collections. We developed a simulation approach to identify an optimal sampling strategy and core-collection size, using isozyme data from a CIP germplasm collection on an Andean tetraploid potato. Five sampling strategies, constant (C), proportional (P), logarithmic (L), square-root (S) and random (R), were tested on isozyme data from 9,396 Andean tetraploid potato accessions characterized for nine isozyme loci having a total of 38 alleles. The 9,396 accessions, though comprising 2,379 morphologically distinct accessions, were found to represent 1,910 genetically distinct groups of accessions for the nine isozyme loci using a sort-and-duplicate-search algorithm. From each group, one accession was randomly selected to form a genetically refined entire collection (GREC) of size 1,910. The GREC was used to test the five sampling strategies. To assess the behavior of the results in repeated sampling, k = 1,500 and 5,000 independent random samples (without replacement) of admissible sizes n = 50(50)1,000 for each strategy were drawn from GREC. Allele frequencies (AF) for the 38 alleles and locus heterozygosity (LH) for the nine loci were estimated for each sample. The goodness of fit of samples AF and LH with those from GREC was tested using the test. A core collection of size n = 600, selected using either the P or the R sampling strategy, was found adequately to represent the GREC for both AF and LH. As similar results were obtained at k = 1,500 and 5,000, it seems adequate to draw 1,500 independent random samples of different sizes to test the behavior of different sampling strategies in order to identify an appropriate sampling approach, as well as to determine an optimal core collection size.''Genetic analysis based on Random Amplified Polymorphic DNA (RAPD) was carried out on 52 accessions representing 14 species of the genus Passiflora L. using 50 random 10-mer primers. A dendrogram constructed using the Dice similarity coefficient and the UPGMA algorithm based on 626 reproducible polymorphic products ranging in size from 2.8 to 0.3 Kb revealed high levels of variation within and among species, and clustering of accessions according to species. Similarity coefficients ranged from 0.929 to 0.075 showing a diverse genepool in the genus. Large intraspecific variation was found in P. ligularis and P. adenopoda while P. edulis and P. maliformis exhibited a low level of intraspecific variation. The clusters based on RAPD markers correlate fairly well to the present classification scheme based on morphological description with two exceptions. The subgenus Passiflora was split into P. edulis and the rest of the members of the subgenus Passiflora separated by the subgenus Tacsonia; secondly the two species of the subgenus Decaloba, P. adenopoda and P. coriacea, were not clustered together on the dendrogram of genetic relationships.''Spatial variation in twelve floral characters was examined in an epiphytic orchidLepanthes rupestris to evaluate the strength and direction of phenotypic selection in seven riparian populations along two river basins in the Caribbean National Forest for a range of months. We evaluated selection on floral characters based on male (pollinaria removal) and female fitness (fruit set). Simple linear and quadratic regressions were used to evaluate the strength of directional, disruptive and stabilizing selections. Univariate and multivariate analyses were used to estimate the total strength of the selection acting on a character. Phenotypic selection was inconsistent among characters and populations. Few of the characters appeared to be under selection and none of them was found to be consistent throughout all populations. Inconsistency in selection coefficients among populations could suggest that selection is spatially variable. We only noted one character (column length) which had some consistency in differential selection coefficients among populations. Previous studies have shown that effective population sizes inL. rupestris are small and the observed among populations could as easily be explained as stochastic events at play. We argue that the observed in most characters and inconsistency among populations are likely from stochastic noise and not phenotypic selection. Consequently, we propose that random selection on character state support the hypothesis of genetic drift in small orchid populations.''In the southeastern Peruvian Amazon, artisanal and small-scale gold mining (ASGM) is estimated to have released up to 300 tonnes of mercury (Hg) to the environment between 1995 and 2007 alone, and is claimed to be responsible for Hg concentrations above international thresholds for aquatic wildlife species. Here, we examined whether Hg concentrations in bat populations are potentially related to regional ASGM-Hg releases. We determined Hg concentrations in the fur of bats collected at three different distances from the major ASGM areas in Peru. Our findings from 204 individuals of 32 species indicate that Hg concentrations in bat fur mainly resulted from differences in feeding habits, because Hg concentrations were significantly higher in omnivorous bats than in frugivorous bats. At least in two species, populations living in ASGM-affected sites harbored higher Hg concentrations than did populations in unaffected sites. Because Hg concentrations reflect Hg dietary exposure, Hg emissions from amalgam roasting sites appear to deposit locally and enter the terrestrial food web. Although our study demonstrates that ASGM activities (and Hg point sources) increase Hg exposure in wildlife, the overall Hg concentrations reported here are relatively low. The measured Hg concentrations were below the toxicity threshold at which adverse neurological effects have been reported in rodents and mink and were in the range of Hg concentrations in the fur of bats from nonpoint source affected sites in other latitudes. This study emphasizes the importance of considering feeding habits when evaluating Hg concentrations in bats and other vertebrates.''The aboveground wood biomass (AWB) of tropical forests plays an important role in the global carbon cycle, and local AWB estimates provide essential data that enable the extrapolation of biomass stocks to ecosystem or biome-wide carbon cycle modelling. Few AWB estimates exist in Neotropical freshwater floodplains, where tree species distribution and forest structure depend on the height and duration of periodic inundations. We investigated tree species composition, forest structure, wood specific gravity, and AWB of trees dbh in 16 plots totalling an area of in a seasonally inundated riparian forest of the lower Miranda River, southern Pantanal, Brazil. The 443 tree individuals belonged to 46 species. Four species (Inga vera, Ocotea suaveolens, Tabebuia heptaphylla and Cecropia pachystachya) comprised more than 50% of the Total Importance Values (TIV), and floristic similarities between the plots averaged 38%. Although we detected an overall increase in species diversity correlated with decreasing flood levels, the most important tree species had almost identical distribution patterns along the flooding gradient. The stand basal area per plot amounted to and the tree heights averaged Multiplying the individual basal areas by individual tree heights and a form factor of 0.6, we estimated the aboveground wood volume (AWV) for each individual, and for each plot Wood specific gravity (SG) varied between (Cecropia pachystachya) and (Tabebuia heptaphylla), with a stand level average of Multiplying the individual AWV with species SG, we estimated the plot AWB to be This value is comparable to that reported for late-successional forest stands of Amazonian floodplain forests, and it is close to the worldwide tropical average AWB. Because tree heights in the present forest were comparatively low when compared to other Neotropical forests, we found that resprouting of stems accounted for comparatively high basal areas. We argue that stem resprouting is an adaptation of tree species originating in non-flooded Cerrado to the seasonal inundations of riparian forests.''ObjectivesMost subpopulations of endangered huemul deer (Hippocamelus bisulcus) fail to recover, frequently due to osteopathology. Equivalent pathology was detected only postmortem in an additional deer further north, stressing the need to improve clinical evaluations of live huemul.ResultsCaptured on a farm and attended by authorities in charge of huemul, the deer was considered apt for relocation and release. Delays with attendance and lack of reversal drugs resulted in his death. The subsequent necropsy revealed severe osteopathology particularly in mandibles and maxillae. Such disease in another southern population affected among dead adults, and 86% among live adults. The present case stems from a new subpopulation, isolated further north. Such severe pathology demands that individuals be rehabilitated, especially relevant with severely endangered species, because liberations will cause premature death and loss of reproductive lifetime. Live huemul must be examined utmost professionally especially regarding this pathophysiognomy. This incidence represents the typical situation of extant huemul, being displaced from their traditional migratory behavior to utilize fertile low-elevation habitat. This young male may have been dispersing, but reaching valleys usually leads to death due to locally intense anthropogenic activities.'rupicola Goyder, a new species of Apocynaceae: Asclepiadoideae from Bolivia, is described and illustrated. The conservation status of this species is assessed.''Cerulean Warbler (Setophaga cerulea; Parulidae) is a species which breeds in North America and migrates to winter in South America. Here we present the first documented record of the species in Brazil. One male was photographed foraging in the canopy of secondary forest on Santa Catarina island, south Brazil, on 07 April 2018. At the time of the record the species was expected to be on migration north to North America. Since the individual was heading south it is assumed that it was lost. This record can then be potentially explained by the vagrancy theory of reverse migrants.''Two new species of Acanthaceae from Bolivia are described, illustrated and discussed: Stenostephanus suburceolatus from Andean hill forest and Justicia calzadillae from the Amazonian lowlands. Notes on Stenostephanus in Bolivia are also provided.'"Sustainable development and biodiversity initiatives increasingly include ethnoscience, yet the gendered nature of rural people's knowledge goes largely unrecognized. The paper notes the current resurgence of ethnoscience research and states the case for including gendered knowledge and skills, supported by a brief review of relevant cultural ecology and ecofeminist field studies. The author argues the case from the point of view of better, more complete science as well as from the ethical imperative to serve women's interests as the managers of the living In the interests of both objectives the paper advocates an ethnoscience research approach based on empowerment of rural people, rather than simple extraction of their knowledge. The Kenyan case study of women's agroforestry work follows their response to the drought and famine of 1985 and chronicles the unfolding discovery of women's ecological, political, and social science as gendered survival skills. The case is re-counted as a story, in keeping with an explicit choice to learn through participation and to report through storytelling. The experience of rural women and researchers during the drought provides several lessons for both groups about their respective knowledge systems, their agroforestry work, and the relationship of both to local and national political economy."'Species distribution models (SDMs) are helpful for understanding actual and potential biogeographical traits of organisms. These models have recently started to be applied in the study of fossil xenarthrans. SDMs were generated for 15 South American late Pleistocene xenarthrans: eight Cingulata (Glyptodon clavipes, Doedicurus clavicaudatus, Panochthus tuberculatus, Neosclerocalyptus paskoensis, Pampatherium typum, Pampatherium humboldtii, Holmesina paulacoutoi, and Holmesina occidentalis) and seven Folivora (Glossotherium robustum, Lestodon armatus, Mylodon darwinii, Catonyx cuvieri, Catonyx (=Scelidodon) chilensis, Megatherium americanum, and Eremotherium laurillardi). Models were evaluated for three periods: the last interglacial (LIG), the last glacial maximum (LGM), and the Holocene climatic optimum (HCO). Co-occurrence records were studied based on the overlap of the potential distributions and compared with the available biome reconstructions of South America during the LGM to analyze species distribution patterns, ecological requirements, and possible interactions. Our results suggest the existence of provincialization within xenarthran megamammals grouped in at least three bioregions. Northern and southwestern taxa overlap in the de la Plata region where also some endemic taxa are found. We observed overlapping potential distributions but separated and continuous realized distributions between closely related xenarthrans suggesting competitive exclusion. A generalized reduction in potential habitats at the end of the Pleistocene was not obvious as some taxa show stable potential areas during HCO when comparing with LGM. Nonetheless, fragmentation of the most suitable areas due to climate variation and the impact of reduction in available land due to sea level changes cannot be ruled out as involved in the extinction.''The highest levels of surface ultraviolet (UV) irradiance have been measured in the Atacama Desert. This area is characterized by its high altitude, prevalent cloudless conditions, and a relatively low total ozone column. In this paper, we provide estimates of the surface UV (monthly UV index at noon and annual doses of UV-B and UV-A) for all sky conditions in the Atacama Desert. We found that the UV index at noon during the austral summer is expected to be greater than 11 in the whole desert. The annual UV-B (UV-A) doses were found to range from about (130 kWh/m2) in coastal areas to on the Andean plateau. Our results confirm significant interhemispherical differences. Typical annual UV-B doses in the Atacama Desert are about 40% greater than typical annual UV-B doses in northern Africa. Mostly due to seasonal changes in the ozone, the differences between the Atacama Desert and northern Africa are expected to be about 60% in the case of peak UV-B levels (i.e. the UV-B irradiances at noon close to the summer solstice in each hemisphere). Interhemispherical differences in the UV-A are significantly lower since the effect of the ozone in this part of the spectrum is'Shales and claystones in the Permian Irati Formation consist of Al-rich or Fe-Mg clay minerals in its southern/central and northern parts, respectively. The constrasting compositions indicate particular geological and paleo-environmental conditions. The purpose of this study was to determine the conditions of formation by characterizing the black shales and claystones from different sections of the northern edge of the basin, some of which reveal the presence of intruded diabase sills.Black shales consist of saponite or saponite-talc mixed layers, talc, lizardite, nontronite, and quartz. Green claystones are nontronite-rich but also contain lizardite, talc, and quartz. The chemical compositions of the black shale and claystones, except for one sample (POR-56), exhibit a positive correlation of the TiO2, Cr, and P2O5 contents with Al2O3, which typically results from weathering processes. The presence of saponite, nontronite, and some accessory minerals (spinel, pyroxene, native silver) suggests altered basic-ultrabasic rocks as sediment sources, consistent with the rare earth element (REE) composition being less than the Post-Archean Average Shale (PAAS) or North American Shale Composite (NASC) levels and with negative Ce and Eu anomalies. Sample POR-56 consists largely of nontronite and is anomalously rich in zircon, monazite, and apatite. Chemically, sample POR-56 is different from the black shales and claystones, being richer in Al2O3-Fe2O3, MgO-poor, and having greater REE contents than the PAAS or NASC standards. The POR-56 bed is probably a bentonite resulting from the alteration of volcanic ash in sea water (strong, negative Ce anomaly). The Zr/TiO2 vs. Nb/Y relation indicates that the magmatism was andesitic. During the Upper Permian, intermediate to basic volcanic activity was recorded in the Mitu Group of the Central Andes.Close to the diabase sill, the black shales and claystones contain saponite, talc, and lizardite but nontronite is absent. Saponite and talc crystals, however, exhibit a larger coherent scattering domain size (CSDS) and are randomly oriented with respect to the sedimentary bedding. The thermal metamorphism effect is confirmed by the presence of secondary enstatite-augite and albite crystals.''The residual kaolin deposits near Lastarria, South-Central Chile, were formed by weathering of subvolcanic quartz porphyry stocks, which intruded the metamorphic basement of the Coastal Cordillera. The clay fractions (<2 consist mainly of poorly-ordered, very fine-grained kaolinite and lath-shaped illite wt. %) with minor amounts of quartz, sanidine, and goethite. A sample from the top of the deposit contains major quantities of gibbsite morphologically indistinguishable from kaolinite flakes. The gibbsite-free clays contain wt. % Al2O3, wt. % Fe2O3, wt. % K2O, and have low TiO2 concentrations (<0.02 wt. %). The absence of quartz veining, the abundance of melt inclusions, and the scarcity of secondary fluid inclusions in quartz phenocrysts from altered rocks imply a lack of significant hydrothermal activity in the quartz porphyries. The 18O and values of the kaolins indicate formation in a weathering environment at significantly higher annual mean air temperatures than present mean temperatures of Uplift of the region alone probably cannot account for the change in climate. The stable isotope composition of gibbsite is consistent with an origin of desilication of kaolinite at superficial temperatures. Various criteria proposed to distinguish supergene from hypogene kaolins are discussed.''The nexus between migration dynamics and environmental change has drawn the attention of many researchers in the recent past. While the majority of studies focus on the impact of the environment on migration decisions, less emphasis has been placed on the feedback effect of migration on the environment in rural sending areas. This article provides a critical review of this relationship by focusing on the rich literature on migration of smallholder households in Kenya and its effects on rural environments. The article argues that there are distinct relations between migration, agricultural change and the environment. These are mediated in varying degrees by flows of remittances, loss of labor, socioeconomic stratification, gender dynamics, and cultural factors. Overly generalizing assumptions about these relations, however, fail to grasp their complexity. We propose employing a translocal perspective to enrich future analysis and enhance the understanding of interactions.''Bacterial Blight is an important disease of cassava, causing losses that have resulted in historical famines in certain growing zones. The disease is caused by Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. manihotis, a gram-negative rod that belongs to the gammaproteobacteria. In this review, we describe the pathosystem and the recent studies that have been undertaken to elucidate both susceptibility and resistance mechanisms in cassava, with the hope of generating resistant plants using biotechnology. We first describe studies of the pathogen, including pathogen population changes through time as well as genomic tools that have recently been generated to determine pathogenicity factors. Secondly, we discuss mechanisms of disease resistance that have been elucidated in recent years and how these mechanisms could be used for the generation of improved plants resistant to CBB.'Abstract not available'Shifting to fallback food (FBF) consumption and crop raiding are behavioral adjustments that support ability to endure in human-altered habitats. Nutritional models predict that the consumption of preferred foods leads to increased competition, while consumption of staple fallback foods results in decreased competition. We analyzed the competitive regime faced by individuals in a group of 133 blond capuchin monkeys (Sapajus flavius), an endangered species that inhabits a 270-ha fragment of Atlantic forest in northeast Brazil. During the study year, quantitative analyses show that fruits were a preferred food, while sugarcane was used as a staple FBF. As predicted by primate fallback foraging models, the consumption of sugarcane helped the group to survive in this fragment by providing these animals with half of the food they consumed throughout the year. Contrary to predictions, group dispersion increased with greater fruit abundance, while direct competition peaked during the consumption of sugarcane. We suggest that, although it is abundant and scattered in the area, the long handling time required to process sugarcane before consumption facilitates the direct competition. Overall, the pattern found indicates that consumption of a staple FBF does not directly translate into decreased competition and increased stability of social groups in forest fragments.'Abstract not available'Forest trees, populations, races, species, and taxonomic groups above the species level display rich variation in biochemical markers. The variation stems from inherited modifications that trace back in time, through converging ancestries, towards common progenitors. Past movements of continents, mountain building events, and climate changes isolated forest populations one from another and provided critical challenges to the lineages that survived to the present day. A wealth of molecular variants in forest trees characterize these widely-distributed, large, long-lived, outbreeding, organisms. Forest trees have an abundance of rare variants and over one third of all the alleles (different forms of one gene) occur only rarely ( < 2% frequency) in a few trees of a species sample. Those rare alleles may either represent new variation or persistent forms of genes that have low adaptive value under present conditions. From another perspective, however, the largest share of genetic variation in forest trees is due to the presence of multiple alleles found at intermediate frequencies for only a small percentage of all the genes, and those alleles are commonly widespread throughout species areas. These common alleles may mark genes that track historical events in lineages or mark genes with adaptive significance in present populations. Evidence from enzyme studies supports the conclusion that highly comparable functional genes are common to different forest taxa. Future research will be toward understanding the phenotypic expression of particular genes and revealing the relative importance of genetic variants to adaptation and growth.''The Chironomidae of tropical South America are a very rich species, but are scarcely known. The range of environmental conditions under which chironomids are found is more extensive than that of any other group of aquatic insects. The objectives of this study were to carry out a diversity survey of chironomid larvae in wetland systems of the coastal plain in the south of Brazil and to analyze the effects of area, altitude, water conductivity, nitrate and phosphorus concentrations, and the life form of the dominant plant species on chironomid richness and composition. Collections were carried out from March to April in 2002. A total of 30 taxa (23 morphospecies and 7 species) distributed along 23 genera were found, and the Chironominae showed the greatest richness, followed by Tanypodinae and Orthocladiinae. The chironomid richness was higher in the emergent than in the multistratified wetland class. The wetland area, altitude, nitrate and phosphorus concentrations, and water conductivity did not influence the richness of Chironomidae. The Chironomidae genera and species were present in both the wetland classes (emergent and aquatic bed vegetation). However, while Chironominae were more frequent in the emergent than in the aquatic bed wetlands, no difference was observed for Tanypodinae. The aquatic vegetation was an important environmental predictor for chironomid larvae richness in the studied wetlands in the south of Brazil.''A genetic linkage map of Theobroma cacao (cocoa) has been constructed from 131 backcross trees derived from a cross between a single tree of the variety Catongo and an F1 tree from the cross of Catongo by Pound 12. The map comprises 138 markers: 104 RAPD loci, 32 RFLP loci and two morphologic loci. Ten linkage groups were found which cover 1068 centimorgans (cM). Only six (4%) molecular-marker loci show a significant deviation from the expected segregation ratio.The average distance between two adjacent markers is 8.3 cM. The final genome-size estimates based on two-point linkage data ranged from 1078 to 1112 cM for the cocoa genome. This backcross progeny segregates for two apparently single gene loci controlling (1) anthocyanidin synthesis (Anth) in seeds, leaves and flowers and (2) self-compatibility (Autoc). The Anth locus was found to be 25 cM from Autoc and two molecular markers co-segregate with Anth. The genetic linkage map was used to localize QTLs for early flowering, trunk diameter, jorquette height and ovule number in the BC1 generation using both single-point ANOVA and interval mapping. A minimum number of QTLs (P<0.01) involved in the genetic expression of the traits studied was detected. Coincident map locations of a QTL for jorquette height and trunk diameter suggests the possibility of pleiotropic effects in cocoa for these traits. The combined estimated effects of the different mapped QTLs explained between 11.2% and 25.8% of the phenotypic variance observed in the BC1 population.'Abstract not available'I combined morphological fruit data, phenological, and demographic information for 128 plant species, with nutritional information for 78 species, to assess feeding preferences of woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagothricha lugens) in Tinigua National Park, Colombia. I used multiple and simple regression analyses to predict fruit feeding time and one index of fruit preference from 20 independent variables presumed to affect fruit choice. The results of the independent regressions indicated a trend to spend more time consuming good tasting fruits from abundant plants that produce large quantities of fruits and produce large crops. Among these variables, abundant fruit production and the astringency index are the most important variables explaining feeding times when other variables are statistically controlled in a multiple regression analysis. Furthermore, the preference index showed that woolly monkeys prefer fruits from large trees that produce in periods of fruit scarcity, with high pulp/seed ratios, low lipid contents, and clumped spatial distributions. The results suggest that woolly monkeys are primarily generalized, opportunistic frugivores that avoid some fruits with secondary compounds. Their feeding behavior is determined by many factors, but the predictive power of each one is always low (<15%). No multiple regression model explained >69% of the variation in feeding time. I suggest that a detailed quantification of secondary compounds might increase the predictive power of the models to explain fruit choice by frugivorous primates.'rule is one of the most known biological rules and relates the body size variation to changes in latitude or temperature. Most recently, a had been presented, which explains several trends in body size, as a consequence of availability of resources. South American Conepatus chinga is one of the most widespread small carnivores in the Neotropics, being geographically distributed from and Brazil to southern Argentina and Chile. This widely distributed species encounters a high environmental variability, which could affect body size and morphological variations. Here, I analyze geographical patterns of variation in body size and morphology estimated using a geometric morphometric approach from museum specimens. The associations between geographical patterns of variation in body size and morphometry and climatic and/or environmental variables were evaluated, using several databases and multiple regressions and redundancy analysis. Throughout the study, the presence of spatial autocorrelation was analyzed, and Spatial Eigenvector Mapping (SEVM) was used. The arid diagonal was identified as containing the smaller specimens of C. chinga, primarily related to net primary productivity (NPP). rule seems not to be valid for this species. Instead, evidence seems to support the as the primarily explanation for body size variation. A lower amount of morphological variation was explained by NPP, mainly related to relative size variation of premolar and molars.'Abstract not available'Eusociality in its various degrees represents an animal social system characterised by cooperative brood care, differentiation into castes and generational overlap. The fossil record indicates that eusociality is likely to have originated in hymenopterans and blattodeans during the Cretaceous. In this study, we present findings from surveys in Peruvian (Villa Carmen) and Ecuadorian (Rio Bigal, El Reventador) cloud forests revealing the first extant cockroach species living in complex, structured groups individuals, adults). We observed and described behaviours that suggest the existence of cooperative care, nest guarding, nest chamber preparation within hardwood Casearia sp. (Salicaceae) and bamboo (Bambusoideae), multiple overlapping generations stages instars), colony translocation, possibly a sole reproductive female (1.25 times larger white but no potential observed), and morphologically diversified immature stages. In order to define the lineage where this type of sociality originated and occurs, the forms of Melyroidea magnifica Shelford, 1912, M. ecuadoriana sp. n., M. mimetica Shelford, 1912 and an undescribed species from Peru are also described in a separate section of this study. Blattoid morphological characteristics such as typical styli suggest categorisation within distinct Oulopterygidae (Rehn, 1951), outside Corydiidae Saussure 1864. Transitional advanced sociality or semisociality in related Aclavoidea socialis gen. et sp. n. is documented in a rotting stump individuals, few adults). Close phylogenetic relation between the genera, conserved morphology of numerous characters and their diverse feeding strategies generally lacking specialisation suggests a rather recent origin of a social way of life in this group. Eusociality in invertebrates and vertebrates can thus originate in various phylogenetical and ecological trajectories including predation, parasitism, care for herbs and the new one, documented through diet shift from detritivory to fungivory and algaevory. Interdisciplinary approaches reveal the low degree of knowledge of rainforest ecosystems, with fundamental groups remaining still systematically and also behaviourally undescribed.'"Examples of the methods of traditional maintenance breeding of several crops, cited in literature, are presented. It is concluded that, although crops are grown all over the world, only few examples are sufficiently described. Only for maize some reliable data are available. Three explanations for this small number are 1. the farmers are not aware of their knowledge of growing crops (including traditional maintenance breeding), 2. the interviewers and other scientists are not acquainted with this farmer's knowledge, or 3. most farmers do not actually perform traditional maintenance breeding, as they and their ancestors probably have experienced that traditional maintenance breeding does not result in a better crop. They must have thought that seed replacement was a better method to maintain the yielding capacity of their crops."'Potato is one of the most important crops worldwide. Genetic resources of potato (Solanum tuberosum L. ssp. tuberosum) and related cultivated species are conserved through storage of tubers, in vitro plants and in cryopreservation. Cryopreservation, storage in or above liquid nitrogen, is the best option to maintain vegetatively propagated plants in the long term. The present review gives comprehensive information about various cryopreservation techniques for potato published from 1977 until the present. It discusses factors that affect the process and success of cryopreservation, such as donor culture conditions, preculture, cooling, warming and post-culture treatments. Studies are presented that analyse the histological and ultrastructural changes after different cryopreservation steps and the morphological pathways during regeneration of plants after rewarming. The maintenance of genetic stability in potato after cryopreservation has also been demonstrated by various phenotypic and molecular methods. The first thermal analyses on potato shoot tips are presented using differential scanning calorimetry to analyse the state of water during cooling and warming. Biochemical analyses of different compounds, such as soluble sugars and proteins, have been performed to understand and improve existing cryogenic methods. Potato is an example where successful virus elimination has been obtained via cryopreservation of shoot tips (cryotherapy). There are already cryopreserved collections of potato shoot tips in Germany, Peru, Czech Republic, South Korea and USA, but additional experiments on fundamental aspects of potato cryopreservation will help to improve understanding of the different cryopreservation methods, start new collections in other countries and also build up existing cryocollections of potato.''Soil loss and surface runoff patterns over a four-year period were studied in erosion plots from three hillslopes under different vegetative covers (Rosmarinus officinalis, Triticum aestivum and natural-spontaneous vegetation) in Lanjaron (Alpujarras) on the south flank of the Sierra Nevada of southeast Spain. The erosion plots were located on the hillslopes at 35.5% incline, at 1,480 m in altitude and with 41.8 m2 (21 m) in area. The vegetative covers were tested for effectiveness in controlling the surface runoff and soil loss production. The highest runoff and erosion values, ranging from 114.1 to 1.7 and from 14,564.3 to 6.6 respectively, over the entire study period, were measured under the Triticum aestivum. In the Rosmarinus officinalis, runoff ranged from 7.9 to 1.3 and erosion from 156.4 to 2.3 while on the hillslope under natural-spontaneous vegetation, runoff ranged from 4.4 to 0.9 and erosion from 322.3 to 2.2 According to the results the vegetative covers of Rosmarinus officinalis and natural-spontaneous vegetation reduced the soil losses by 99 and 98%, with respect to the Triticum aestivum, and the runoff losses by 94 and 96%, respectively. Also, the Rosmarinus officinalis and natural-spontaneous plants influenced infiltration by intercepting much of the rainfall water respect to the Triticum aestivum. Monitoring allowed more direct linkages to be made between management practices and their impacts on runoff and soil erosion, thereby enabling to identify problems and take appropriate preventive measures to improve the management practices.''The global trend toward increased agricultural production puts pressure on undeveloped areas, raising the question of how to optimally allocate land. Land-use change has recently been linked to a number of human health outcomes, but these are not routinely considered in land-use decision making. We review examples of currently used strategies to evaluate land use and present a conceptual model of optimal land use that incorporates health outcomes. We then present a framework for evaluating the health outcomes of land-use scenarios that can be used by decision makers in an integrated approach to land-use'The authenticity and provenience of what is known as the Francisco Banner of Arms, stored at the National Museum of Colombia and related to the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire, has been the object of debate amongst both historians and conservation experts for the last two centuries. In this study, a multi-analytical approach has been adopted to assess if the materials used in the making of the banner were compatible with the historical period assigned by historians. 25 micro samples were collected in different sections of the banner and subjected to microscopic, chromatographic and spectroscopic techniques to characterize the materials. Selected samples were also subjected to radiocarbon dating analysis. Analytical results enabled the identification of silk as the main fabric used in the making of the banner; cochineal, brazilwood and indigo were used as natural dyes while metal threads were utilized for decorative purposes. Paper with animal adhesive was used as the supporting material. The manufacturing technique together with radiocarbon dating data suggest the banner to be an original textile from the 15-16th centuries, possibly made at the time of King Charles I of Spain.''Research published in this special issue on cocoa agroforestry illustrates the multifunctional role of shade trees for sustaining cocoa production and improving livelihoods, and addresses tradeoffs between higher cocoa yield and the provision of ecosystem services to local households and global society. Indeed, the use of diverse shade in cocoa cultivation is threatened by a new drive towards crop intensification. The removal of shade trees diminishes ability to adapt to global change driven by demographic pressure, food insecurity, cocoa price volatility and climate change. Some forms of crop intensification may reduce ecological resilience of cocoa production systems, making adaptation strategies, combining shade trees with innovative management practices, essential for sustaining cocoa yield. Managing trade-offs between yield and environmental services at the cocoa plot and landscape scales requires a multi-disciplinary approach to identify key management options that goes beyond the artificially polarized debates around intensified versus traditional agroforestry practices, or more generally, land-sparing versus land-sharing strategies. The global challenge facing the cocoa sector today is how to increase cocoa production to meet growing demand, without expanding the area under cocoa. This means finding sustainable ways to maintain cocoa production within producing regions, particularly West Africa, through a series of technical innovations geared towards smallholders. Inappropriate intensification may result in heavy deforestation on new pioneer fronts, such as the Congo basin, and existing cocoa being replaced either by other agricultural commodities, or by less resilient and less environmentally friendly production practices.''In the alpine regions of Hindu Kush, Himalayas and Karakorum, climatic and topographic conditions can support the formation of peat, important for the livelihood of the local communities, and ecological services alike. These peatlands are a source of fuel for the local community, habitat for nesting birds, and water regulation at source for rivers. Ground-based surveys of high-altitude peatlands are not only difficult, but also expensive and time consuming. Therefore, a method using cost-effective remote sensing technology is required. In this article we assessed the distribution and extent of high-altitude peatlands in a 2000 ha area of Broghil Valley using Landsat 8 data. The composite image was trained using a priori knowledge of the area, and classified into peatland and non-peatland land covers using a supervised decision tree algorithm. The Landsat-based classification map was compared with field data collected with a differential GPS. This comparison suggests 82% overall accuracy, which is fairly high for high altitude areas. The method was successfully applied and has the potential to be replicated for other areas in Pakistan and the high-altitude regions of the neighbouring Asian countries.''BackgroundProperty rights to natural resources comprise a major policy instrument for those seeking to advance sustainable resource use and conservation. Despite decades of policy experimentation and empirical research, however, systematic understanding of the influence of different property rights regimes on resource and environmental outcomes remains elusive. A large, diverse, and rapidly growing body of literature investigates the links between property regimes and environmental outcomes, but has not synthesized theoretical and policy insights within specific resource systems and especially across resource systems. Here we provide a protocol for conducting a systematic review that will gather empirical evidence over the past two decades on this topic. We will ask the following questions: a) What are the environmental impacts of different property regimes in forests, fisheries, and rangelands? b) Which property regimes are associated with positive, negative or neutral environmental outcomes? c) How do those environmental outcomes compare within and across resource systems and regions?MethodsWe will assess current knowledge of the environmental impacts of property rights regimes in three resource systems in developing countries: forests, fisheries and rangelands. These resource systems represent differing levels of resource mobility and variability and capture much of the range of ecosystem types found across the globe. The review will use a bundle of rights approach to assess the impacts of three main property private, and well as mixed property regimes that involve some combination of these three. Assessment of the impacts of property rights regimes across a range of different resource systems and ecosystem types will enable exploration of commonalities and differences across these systems. Our analysis will emphasize major insights while highlighting important gaps in current research.''Aggregate stability is a very important predictor of soil structure and strength, which influences soil erodibility. Several aggregate stability indices were selected for estimating interrill erodibility of four soil types with contrasting properties from temperate and subtropical regions of China. This study was conducted to investigate how closely the soil interrill erodibility factor in the Water Erosion Prediction Project (WEPP) model relates to soil aggregate stability. The mass fractal dimension (FD), geometric mean diameter (GMD), mean weight diameter (MWD), and aggregate stability index (ASI) of soil aggregates were calculated. A rainfall simulator with a drainable flume (3.0 m long 1.0 m wide 0.5 m deep) was used at four slope gradients and and four rainfall intensities (0.6, 1.1, 1.7 and 2.5 mm/min). Results indicated that the interrill erodibility (Ki) values were significantly correlated to the indices of ASI, MWD, GMD, and FD computed from the aggregate wet-sieve data. The had a strong positive correlation with FD, as well as a strong negative correlation with ASI, GMD, and MWD. Soils with a higher aggregate stability and lower fractal dimension have smaller values. Stable soils were characterized by a high percentage of large aggregates and the erodible soils by a high percentage of smaller aggregates. The correlation coefficients of with ASI and GMD were greater than those with FD and MWD, implying that both the ASI and GMD may be better alternative parameters for empirically predicting the soil factor. ASI and GMD are more reasonable in interrill soil erodibility estimation, compared with calculation in original WEPP model equation. Results demonstrate the validation of soil aggregation characterization as an appropriate indicator of soil susceptibility to erosion in contrasting soil types in China.''Arboreal spiny rats of the genus Phyllomys are the most diverse group of echimyid rodents in the Atlantic Forest. Many species of Phyllomys have small geographic ranges and are rare in scientific collections. One of them is Phyllomys kerri known from only three specimens collected in a single locality almost 80 year s ago. The identity and the taxonomic validity of this enigmatic species has been questioned in recent decades. Field surveys at different sites along the southeastern portion of the Atlantic Forest in Brazil recovered specimens of Phyllomys that we hypothesized to be P. kerri based on external similarities to the type specimen and proximity to its type locality. Here we obtained DNA sequences from these recently collected specimens and historic DNA from a topotype of P. kerri collected in 1941. Our results supported the status of P. kerri as a valid species and showed it is phylogenetically positioned among the southern clade of Phyllomys species. We therefore provide an emended diagnosis of P. kerri, comparing it with sympatric congeners, and provide comments on its evolutionary affinities, geographic distribution, and conservation status.''We report the long overlooked first record of Sapphire Quail-Dove Geotrygon saphirina in Brazil, a male specimen collected at Paulo de Amazonas state, in March 1923, by Samuel M. Klages. This is the first and only documented record for the country, pre-dating a sight record from Benjamin Constant, in extreme western Brazil, in April 1966.'Abstract not available'A new species of Asplundia from the Cordillera Central in Colombia is described and illustrated. Asplundia callejasii is placed in A. subg. Asplundia, based on the morphology of the staminate flowers. The most distinctive characteristic of A. callejasii is its long leaves, with the blade unicostate, oblanceolate, shallowly divided, and very lustrous, with the plicate nerves forming roughly angles with the midrib. These features give it a unique aspect that sets it apart from any other species within the family.'Abstract not available"Two observations of Audouin's Gull flocks foraging on small fish forced to rise to the sea surface by tunas are presented. Observations were made just off-shore in the Ebro Delta, and Audouin's Gulls and terns concentrated in these flocks more than other seabirds breeding there, probably due to their higher ability for catching fish actively. The association of Audouin's Gulls with sub-surface predators may be a supplementary foraging behaviour for the species, especially during periods of short food supply."'This paper reports on the experiences as manager of a capacity-building project in Latin America. The project aimed to strengthen planning, monitoring, and evaluation (PM&E) in agricultural research. Nine lessons are drawn: (1) Project design is much more than a technical process; it is essentially one of negotiation. (2) In capacity-building projects, design activities cannot end when implementation begins. (3) Capacity-building efforts should prepare managers to deal with complexity, uncertainty and change. (4) In capacity-building efforts, it is essential to collaborate rather than patronize. (5) Organizational assessment is a complex social process, intertwined with organizational politics. (6) In designing capacity-building projects, it is essential to involve managers and staff members in assessing needs and opportunities. (7) Action-learning strategies offer great potential for capacity building. (8) In the context of strategic management and organizational learning, PM&E take on new meanings. (9) Training is most effective when it is designed to serve a purpose within an organizational change process. It is concluded that capacity building is more a process of social experimentation than of social engineering. Management systems cannot be imported, but need to be developed within organizations. Development agencies should play catalytic, facilitating roles, rather than take responsibility for organizational change. To support genuine capacity development, donors and funding agencies need to ensure that their planning and accountability procedures foster flexibility, innovation, and learning.''An extensive study of the leguminous plants growing on Venezuelan savannas was made. Of 127 species examined, 109 were nodulated, with 73 species in the Papilionoideae. 71 species in 17 genera are new records of nodulation. Most of the non-nodulated species were in the Caesalpinioideae, and non-nodulation was correlated with brown coloured roots.Some environmental factors involved in the establishment of the legume-Rhizobium association are discussed.These observations on nodulation represent 13 per cent of the total Leguminosae flora of Venezuela.''In order to assess the importance of seed dispersal (escape and colonization hypotheses), I used transplant experiments for seeds and seedlings of plant species with fleshy fruits in a lowland tropical forest (Tinigua National Park, Colombia). I controlled seed density, distance to parental tree, and habitat type. I monitored seed removal, seedling survival, and seedling growth during the first year of development for an average of 554 seeds and 169 seedlings for each species. I supplemented the experimental results with measurements of natural recruitment. I found little support for the escape hypothesis during the seed and seedling stages. For six species that showed differences in seed removal associated with distance, five showed highest removal away from, than close to parent trees, suggesting predator satiation. Seedling survival during the first year was not consistently associated with low densities and long distances from parent trees. For the majority of species, seedlings did not survive flooding in low basins, and there was growth advantage for most plant species in canopy gaps. These differences imply advantages for seed dispersal to adequate habitats, as predicted by the colonization hypothesis. In contrast to experiments, strong negative distance-dependent effects were evident when analyzing natural recruitment patterns. The ratio between saplings and seedlings was higher away from parent trees for the species with enough recruitment to be analyzed and this suggests that a negative distance-dependent effect may also occur after seedling establishment. This pattern is suspected for several other species, but an analysis with some of the other most common trees showed a variety of negative, neutral, and positive distance dependent effects. This study emphasizes the importance of long-term studies to asses the role of seed dispersal.''The floristic characteristics, age structure and survival modes of Tertiary-relic deciduous forests were analyzed at 1600 m on Mt. Emei (3099 m), Sichuan, China. Three plots were selected to represent typical topographies: Plot 1 at 1620 m on a scree slope, Plot 2 at 1640 m on a slope with moderately rocky soils, and Plot 3 at 1616 m on a gentle slope with less rocky soils. At Plot 1, on the scree slope, the forest was rich in species and dominated by Tertiary remnants and other deciduous trees (Davidia involucrata, Styrax hemsleyana, Cercidiphyllum japonicum var.sinense, Pterocarya hupehensis, Prunus brachypoda, Prunus padus, Tetracentron sinense andStaphylea holocarpa). The relic deciduous tree taxaDavidia, Cercidiphyllum, Tetracentron andEuptelea occupied the unstable concave slopes, where evergreen broad-leaved trees (Castanopsis platycantha andMachilus pingii) were rarely able to survive. On the relatively stable convex slopes of this plot, evergreen trees with small diameter mainly appeared in the subcanopy and shrub layers.Davidia involucrata was the dominant species in this forest. On the slope with moderately rocky soils (Plot 2), the forest was co-dominated by relicDavidia and other deciduous (Styrax andPterocarya), and evergreen trees (Castanopsis andMachilus). On the gentle slope with less rocky soils (Plot 3),Davidia trees were found only in the subcanopy and shrub layers, and the forest was dominated byMachilus, Castanopsis, Styrax andPrunus trees. Regeneration ofDavidia occurs mainly on the scree slope where landslides are most common. The age structure of theDavidia stands indicates that this species is able to survive on the unstable scree habitat due to its strong sprouting ability. The Tertiary-relic deciduous forest on the scree slope is seen to be a topographic climax forest.''This paper presents an overview of pollination systems inOpuntia sens. lat. in the southwestern United States. The floral syndrome of large, colorful, bowl-shaped, diurnal flowers is present in all of the prickly-pear species and most of the cholla (Cylindropuntia) species in this area. Pollination by medium-sized and large bees is established for some of the species with this floral syndrome and is predicted for the others. The same floral syndrome is widespread inOpuntia in other geographical from this floral syndrome occur in certain species of southwestern chollas, one of which has nocturnal disc-shaped flowers, and in several tropical American species groups or segregate genera with red hummingbird flowers. But such cases are relatively infrequent. Divergence between species with respect to floral syndrome and pollination system is not a common feature in the evolutionary patternAbstract not available'This study compares aboveground and belowground carbon stocks and tree diversity in different cocoa cultivation systems in Bolivia: monoculture, simple agroforestry, and successional agroforestry, as well as fallow as a control. Since diversified, agroforestry-based cultivation systems are often considered important for sustainable development, we also evaluated the links between carbon stocks and tree diversity, as well as the role of organic certification in transitioning from monoculture to agroforestry. Biomass, tree diversity, and soil physiochemical parameters were sampled in 15 plots measuring Semi-structured interviews with 52 cocoa farmers were used to evaluate the role of organic certification and organizations (e.g., cocoa cooperatives) in promoting tree diversity. Total carbon stocks in simple agroforestry systems were similar to those on fallow plots Successional agroforestry systems had the highest carbon stocks Monocultures stored significantly less carbon than all other systems posterior probability of Among shade tree species, Schizolobium amazonicum, Centrolobium ochroxylum, and Anadenanthera sp. accumulated the most biomass. High-value timber species (S. amazonicum, C. ochroxylum, Amburana cearensis, and Swietenia macrophylla) accounted for of shade tree biomass. The Shannon index and tree species richness were highest in successional agroforestry systems. Cocoa plots on certified organic farms displayed significantly higher tree species richness than plots on non-certified farms. Thus, expanding the coverage of organic organizations may be an effective strategy for fostering transitions from monoculture to agroforestry systems.''The past 25 years, 1686 potato accessions, representing 100 species in the genus Solanum L., subgenus Potatoe, section Petota, were evaluated for field resistance to one or more of the following insect pests: green peach aphid, Myzus persicae (Sulzer); potato aphid, Macrosiphum euphorbiae (Thomas); Colorado potato beetle, Leptinotarsa decemlineata (Say); potato flea beetle, Epitrix cucumeris (Harris); and potato leafhopper, Empoasca fabae (Harris). Accessions highly resistant to green peach aphid were identified within 36 species, to potato aphid within 24 species, to Colorado potato beetle within 10 species, to potato flea beetle within 25 species, and to potato leafhopper within 39 species. Resistance levels were characteristic within Solanum species. Insect resistance appears to be a primitive trait in wild potatoes. Susceptibility was most common in the primitive and cultivated Tuberosa. Insect resistance was also characteristic of the most advanced species. The glycoalkaloid tomatine was associated with field resistance to Colorado potato beetle and potato leafhopper. Other glycoalkaloids were not associated with field resistance at the species level. Dense hairs were associated with resistance to green peach aphid, potato flea beetle, and potato leafhopper. Glandular trichomes were associated with field resistance to Colorado potato beetle, potato flea beetle, and potato leafhopper. Significant correlations between insect score and altitude of original collection were observed in six of thirteen species. Species from hot and arid areas were associated with resistance to Colorado potato beetle, potato flea beetle, and potato leafhopper. Species from cool or moist areas tended to be resistant to potato aphid.''BackgroundWe studied the phylogeography and demographical history of Tabebuia serratifolia (Bignoniaceae) to understand the disjunct geographical distribution of South American seasonally dry tropical forests (SDTFs). We specifically tested if the multiple and isolated patches of SDTFs are current climatic relicts of a widespread and continuously distributed dry forest during the last glacial maximum (LGM), the so called South American dry forest refugia hypothesis, using ecological niche modelling (ENM) and statistical phylogeography. We sampled 235 individuals of T. serratifolia in 17 populations in Brazil and analysed the polymorphisms at three intergenic chloroplast regions and ITS nuclear ribosomal DNA.ResultsCoalescent analyses showed a demographical expansion at the last c. (thousand years before present). Simulations and ENM also showed that the current spatial pattern of genetic diversity is most likely due to a scenario of range expansion and range shift towards the Amazon Basin during the colder and arid climatic conditions associated with the LGM, matching the expected for the South American dry forest refugia hypothesis, although contrasting to the Pleistocene Arc hypothesis. Populations in more stable areas or with higher suitability through time showed higher genetic diversity. Postglacial range shift towards the Southeast and Atlantic coast may have led to spatial genome assortment due to leading edge colonization as the species tracks suitable environments, leading to lower genetic diversity in populations at higher distance from the distribution centroid at sharing or common ancestry among populations from Caatinga in Northeast Brazil, Atlantic Forest in Southeast and Cerrado biome and ENM evince the past connection among these biomes.'chambira Burret is native to the western parts of the Amazon basin where indigenous people use it as a source of fiber. Its use among four different indigenous groups in Ecuador is described here. They extract fibers from the pinnae, mostly of the young leaves. Both men and women twist the fibers into strings in their homes after hunting and work in the fields. The main items produced are woven hammocks, bags, and nets. These products represent the main source of cash income for many indigenous people. The highest value for their products is obtained from sale directly to tourists. The commercial use ofA. chambira can possibly be increased in extractivism along with better marketing. The variety of ways this palm is used also makes it a valuable species for agroforestry.''Many mechanisms have been proposed to explain broad scale spatial patterns in species richness. In this paper, we evaluate five explanations for geographic gradients in species richness, using South American owls as a model. We compared the explanatory power of contemporary climate, landcover diversity, spatial climatic heterogeneity, evolutionary history, and area. An important aspect of our analyses is that very different hypotheses, such as history and area, can be quantified at the same observation scale and, consequently can be incorporated into a single analytical framework. Both area effects and owl phylogenetic history were poorly associated with richness, whereas contemporary climate, climatic heterogeneity at the mesoscale and landcover diversity explained ca. 53% of the variation in species richness. We conclude that both climate and environmental heterogeneity should be retained as plausible explanations for the diversity gradient. Turnover rates and scaling effects, on the other hand, although perhaps useful for detecting faunal changes and beta diversity at local and regional scales, are not strong explanations for the owl diversity gradient.''The identification of mechanisms that have generated biodiversity is one of the major tasks in biogeography and evolutionary biology. Here, using a set of environmental variables and historical presence records, we assessed whether closely related allopatric lineages in the Arremon brunneinucha (Aves: Passerellidae) complex are either more ecologically similar or different throughout their distribution in Mesoamerica. Using PCA-env approximation, niche similarity tests, and comparative approaches, we analysed niche evolution in this species complex and the relative role of geographic and environmental factors on shaping lineage divergence. Our results suggest that most (95.24%) of the evolutionary lineages included in the A. brunneinucha complex have a null to low climatic niche overlap in addition, our data rejected the hypothesis of niche similarity among these lineages in 17 paired comparison cases (80.94%). We found that allopatric and nearly parapatric lineages both show evidence that their ecological niches have been maintained by sharp climatic gradients. These patterns suggest that divergence in these evolutionary lineages has been promoted due to different environmental conditions and evolutionary pressures, which in concert with geographical barriers to gene flow, have led to diversification in the A. brunneinucha complex throughout Mesoamerica.'tendency of animals and plants to independently develop similar features under similar evolutionary pressures - convergence - is a widespread phenomenon in nature. In plants, convergence has been suggested to explain the striking similarity in life form between the giant lobelioids (Campanulaceae, the bellflower family) of Africa and the Hawaiian Islands. Under this assumption these plants would have developed the giant habit from herbaceous ancestors independently, in much the same way as has been suggested for the giant senecios of Africa and the silversword alliance of analyses based on plastid (rbcL, trnL-F) and nuclear (internal transcribed spacer [ITS]) DNA sequences for 101 species in subfamily Lobelioideae demonstrate that the large lobelioids from eastern Africa the Hawaiian Islands, and also South America, French Polynesia and southeast Asia, form a strongly supported monophyletic group. Ancestral state reconstructions of life form and distribution, taking into account phylogenetic uncertainty, indicate their descent from a woody ancestor that was probably confined to Africa. Molecular dating analyses using Penalized Likelihood and Bayesian relaxed clock approaches, and combining multiple calibration points, estimate their first diversification at ~25-33 million years ago (Ma), shortly followed by several long-distance dispersal events that resulted in the current pantropical results confidently show that lobelioid species, commonly called 'giant', are very closely related and have not developed their giant form from herbaceous ancestors independently. This study, which includes the hitherto largest taxon sampling for subfamily Lobelioideae, highlights the need for a broad phylogenetic framework for testing assumptions about morphological development in general, and convergent evolution in particular."'Marine shell ornaments have several characteristics that make them significant for archaeological analysis. Made from a raw material valued by cultures throughout the world and imbued with water, life, health, and fertility symbolism, shell objects have functioned as prestige goods. Shell prestige goods circulated between individuals, groups, and societies and materialized interpersonal relationships, making them valuable for archaeologists shifting focus from objects to the people in past societies. Shell ornaments had multiple roles, including ornamentation, wealth, marking status, and as ritual paraphernalia, and had varying symbolic associations even within a society. The rich ethnographic literature on shell use provides a source for archaeological model building. Marine shell artifacts often moved between societies and across long distances, offering a way for archaeologists to explore regional relationships and the interactions between ancient societies. To do this requires using several scales of analysis to investigate archaeological residues of a system that includes marine shell ornaments, the social organization of their production and exchange, and the people who made, displayed, and circulated them.''Mercury is transported globally in the atmosphere mostly in gaseous elemental form (GEM, but still few worldwide studies taking into account different and contrasted environmental settings are available in a single publication. This work presents and discusses data from Argentina, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Chile, China, Croatia, Finland, Italy, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Slovenia and Venezuela. We classified the information in four groups: (1) mining districts where this contaminant poses or has posed a risk for human populations and/or ecosystems; (2) cities, where the concentration of atmospheric mercury could be higher than normal due to the burning of fossil fuels and industrial activities; (3) areas with natural emissions from volcanoes; and (4) pristine areas where no anthropogenic influence was apparent. All the surveys were performed using portable LUMEX RA-915 series atomic absorption spectrometers. The results for cities fall within a low GEM concentration range that rarely exceeds that is, 6.6 times lower than the restrictive ATSDR threshold for chronic exposure to this pollutant. We also observed this behavior in the former mercury mining districts, where few data were above We noted that high concentrations of GEM are localized phenomena that fade away in short distances. However, this does not imply that they do not pose a risk for those working in close proximity to the source. This is the case of the artisanal gold miners that heat the amalgam to vaporize mercury. In this respect, while GEM can be truly regarded as a hazard, because of possible transformations into other species, it is only under these localized conditions, implying exposure to high GEM concentrations, which it becomes a direct risk for humans.''Forest fragmentation and habitat loss are two of the main drivers of wildlife population declines. Animals exposed to habitat disturbances must develop behavioral strategies to adapt to novel, rapidly fluctuating socioecological challenges. Understanding the behavioral flexibility of endangered primates as a response to ecological challenges, e.g., anthropogenic habitat disturbance, is a key element in the design of successful conservation initiatives for remaining populations. We studied the social behavior of a group of 11 adult and subadult brown spider monkeys (Ateles hybridus) living in a recently isolated and densely populated forest fragment in the Magdalena River Valley, Colombia, and compared their behavior to that of other wild spider monkey populations. From June 2009 to July 2010 we assessed diet, activity budgets, and the rates of affiliative and agonistic interactions initiated and received by adult male and female spider monkeys. The diet of our focal group was quite different from that in most previous studies of Ateles: leaves accounted for ca. of their diet, and fruits represented barely half of their diet, suggesting that this population has had to adjust its feeding strategies to the local ecological challenges. We found no sex differences in the time males and females spent resting, moving, and socializing, but females tended to invest more time in feeding than males did. Male-to-female aggression was the most common agonistic interaction, and same-sex aggressions were almost absent. We found no significant differences in rates of grooming or embracing between the different types of dyads. The resemblance of our results to those of similar studies in less disturbed habitats suggests that spider monkeys might adapt to certain levels of ecological and social disturbance, at least initially, and are a starting point to understand better the initial effects of fragmentation on the behavioral repertoire of these primates.''Evidence of checkerboard patterns of distribution in avian mixed-species flocks suggest that competition is one of the forces shaping the composition and structure of these associations. However, evidence of competition among flock species comes from studies performed in well-preserved regions and no study has reported the interactions between invasive and native flocking species in human-modified landscapes. Such studies are important because evidence show that avian social systems such as mixed-species flocks suffer several negative impacts of habitat fragmentation. In this study, it is shown that an invasive woodcreeper (Lepidocolaptes angustirostris) from open areas of central and western South America is: 1) expanding its range into that of a native Atlantic Forest woodcreeper (L. squamatus); 2) using the same forest fragments in which the native woodcreeper occurs; 3) regularly joining Atlantic Forest mixed-species flocks that contain the native woodcreeper; 4) overlapping in foraging height with the native woodcreeper during flocking; and 5) engaging in aggressive encounters and excluding the native woodcreeper from flocks. We suggest that this aggressive behavior is a consequence of the overlap in foraging height between the invasive and native species in their original habitats and that their contact has so recently been established. This study suggests that competitive interactions mediated by aggressive behaviors of invasive species may have a negative impact on the fitness of native mixed-species flock species in a fragmented landscape.''Scientists and environmental managers alike are increasingly concerned about landscape pattern change and its effect on hydrological and ecological processes. In this paper, research progress is reviewed and key issues of eco-hydrological effects of landscape pattern change are discussed. There are different eco-hydrological effects with landscape pattern change, and most attention is paid to runoff, water quality, and soil loss. Landscape shape and spatial distribution can change precipitation-runoff processes and lead to the change in runoff yield. Water quality is closely connected with the composition and spatial pattern of and landscapes. Soil erosion systems are usually modified by land use structure and landscape pattern, and soil loss will be either reduced or increased with land use change. In addition, the change of landscape pattern also has potential impacts on climate and soil quality. In future studies, more attention should be paid to comprehensive multi-scale and integrated research of landscape pattern and eco-hydrological processes.'"One of the most pressing global issues currently facing mankind is the increase in world population and its impact on the availability of freshwater. Recent estimates of water stocks and flows through the world's hydrologic cycle and their spatiotemporal variability illustrate the nature of current and projected water disparities throughout the world. As all such problems manifest themselves at smaller scales, a major challenge in freshwater assessments is how to handle this on different geographical scales. Increasing use of water is creating water shortages in many countries that are projected to have significant population increases in the next 25 years. Humankind is projected to appropriate from 70% to 90% of all accessible freshwater by 2025. Agriculture is the dominant component of human water use, accounting for almost 70% of all water withdrawals. Hence, many of the solutions to water-related food and environmental security come from within agriculture by increasing the efficiency and productivity of water use. Many factors significantly impact the increasing water demand, including population growth, economic growth, technological development, land use and urbanization, rate of environmental degradation, government programs, climate change, and others. Demand management, not increasing supply availability, is the realistic way forward. Although, thanks to market forces, the threatened exhaustion of nonrenewable resources has not happened, renewable resources, such as freshwater, remain problematic because they are vulnerable to human overuse and pollution. Climate change adds further risks and uncertainties to the global picture requiring the adoption of adaptive management in water resources based on monitoring and reevaluation. Although climate change may be perceived as a long-term problem, it needs to be addressed now because decisions today will affect society's ability to adapt to increasing variability in tomorrow's climate. If we are to balance freshwater supply with demand, and also protect the integrity of aquatic ecosystems, a fundamental change in current wasteful patterns of production and consumption is needed. Recognition of the links between rapidly growing populations and shrinking freshwater supplies is the essential first step in making water use sustainable."'In this study, forest cover change and urbanization in the borders of Regional Directorate of Trabzon Forestry (RDTF), which is located in NE of Turkey, was investigated during a period. Spatial and temporal changes in forest cover were also analyzed using Geographical Information System (GIS) and Forest cover changes were detected from a time series of satellite images of Landsat MSS in 1975, Landsat TM in 1987, and Landsat ETM+ in 2000 using Remote Sensing (RS) and GIS. The results showed a decrease in forest area, productive forest area and degraded forest area. Total forest area decreased in the first period however increased during the second period. 36 807 hectares (7% of the study area) mixed forest area converted to conifer forest. During the whole study period, the average annual deforestation rate was equivalent to using the compound-interest-rate formula. Total number of forest fragments decreased from 135,039 to 132,839 (1.6%) during a period. On the other hand, total population lived in the borders of Trabzon City increased from 1975 to 2000 even though the rural population decreased. According to the results, the decrease of forest areas may well be explained by increasing population and urbanization. The decrease of number of patches and degraded forest area can be disclosed by the fact that the decline of rural population has positively affected the development of forest areas.''A two-zone model of the atmospheric circulation over the hemisphere is considered. The geographic latitude of the boundary between the Rossby circulation regime zone at middle and high latitudes and the Hadley circulation regime zone at low latitudes serves as a model variable. The closeness between the actual and reference (exponential) air-mass distribution over the hemisphere, with respect to modified potential vorticity (MPV), is accounted for. The informational entropy of the statistical MPV distribution in the hemispheric atmosphere and the informational entropy of the eddy regime in the basic storm-track zone are used to determine a statistically (climatically) equilibrium value of The question of atmospheric blocking over the hemisphere is considered using the proposed model.''With the global population expected to reach over 9 billion by 2050, there is a continuous need to increase food production and buffer stocks. In this scenario, countries around the world, especially developing countries where the pervasiveness of hunger and food scarcity is more acute, are resorting to various counter strategies to meet the growing demand and to avert food insecurity and famine. Over the recent years there has been growing interest to strengthen and intensify local food production in order to mitigate the adverse effect of global food shocks and food price volatilities. Consequently, there is much attention towards home gardens as a strategy to enhance household food security and nutrition. Home gardens are an integral part of local food systems and the agricultural landscape of developing countries all over the world and have endured the test of time.Through a rigorous literature review, this paper first examines definitions and characteristics of home gardens and then provides a global review of their social, economic, and environmental contributions to communities in various socio-economic contexts. Many of the compositions on home gardens share research and experiences of developing countries in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. These studies recognize positive impacts of home gardens towards addressing food insecurity and malnutrition as well as providing additional benefits such as income and livelihood opportunities for resource-poor families and delivering a number of ecosystem services. However, only a handful of case studies were found on post-crisis settings. While providing a general overview of some of these studies, this review investigates the home garden experiences of post-conflict Sri Lanka, where home gardening has been practiced for centuries. While emphasizing multiple benefits, we also highlight constraints to home garden food production. In conclusion, we emphasize the need for more research and empirical data to appraise the role of home gardens in crisis and post-crisis situations, as well as assessing their economic value and their impacts on food security, nutrition, economic growth, and gender issues.''Analysis of event-based soil erosion magnitude with special return periods is essential to appropriately design strategies and adopt soil conservation practices. However, the spatiotemporal variations of soil erosion with different return periods, especially at national level, have not been adequately considered. Therefore, the present study aimed to zone rainfall erosivity index (R factor) as the most dynamic factor affecting variability of soil erosion rate, with different return periods in monthly, seasonal and annual time scales in Iran. Toward this attempt, the kinetic energy and maximum 30-min intensity over 12,000 available and accessible events of 70 stations were calculated during the common period of and the corresponding R factor of the Universal Soil Loss Equation was then computed. Subsequently, the best-fitted frequency distributions were determined in all stations in three time scales using the EasyFit Software. The R factor was accordingly estimated for 2-, 5-, 10-, 25- and 50-year return periods. In addition, the inverse distance weighting technique was employed to determine and analyze the spatial variability patterns of R factor in different time scales using geographic information system. The results indicated that the frequency distributions fitted to study data were different in study time scales due to variability of spatiotemporal patterns of R factor. In addition, no specific spatial pattern of R factor could be recognized for different return periods and time scales. The average annual R factor was also found whereas the respective R factor for different respective return periods of 2, 5, 10, 25 and was obtained 1.47, 2.62, 3.35, 4.48 and These findings can be used for suitable decision making and effective environmental planning for land management Iran countrywide.'Abstract not available'The legality of wood products often depends on their origin, creating a need for forensic tools that verify claims of provenance for wood products. The neotropical tree species Cedrela odorata (Spanish cedar) is economically valuable for its wood and faces threats of overexploitation. We developed a 140 SNP assay for geographic localization of C. odorata specimens. Target capture and short-read sequencing of 46 C. odorata specimens allowed us to identify 140 spatially informative SNPs that differentiate C. odorata specimens by latitude, temperature, and precipitation. We assessed the broad applicability of these SNPs on 356 specimens from eight Cedrela species, three tissue types, and a range of DNA mass inputs. Origin prediction error was evaluated with discrete and continuous spatial assignment methods focusing on C. odorata specimens. Discrete classification with random forests readily differentiated specimens originating in Central America versus South America (5.8% error), while uncertainty increased as specimens were divided into smaller regions. Continuous spatial prediction with SPASIBA showed a median prediction error of 188.7 km. Our results demonstrate that array SNPs and resulting genotypes accurately validate C. odorata geographic origin at the continental scale and show promise for country-level verification, but that finer-scale assignment likely requires denser spatial sampling. Our study underscores the important role of herbaria for developing genomic resources, and joins a growing list of studies that highlight the role of genomic tools for conservation of threatened species.''The Capsicum genus is native to tropical America and consists of 27 species, five of which are used as fresh vegetables and spices: Capsicum annuum L., Capsicum chinense Jacq., Capsicum frutescens L., Capsicum baccatum L. and Capsicum pubescens R. et P. The study of the relationships among species of cultivate Capsicum species will be useful for breeding new cultivars or hybrids. This study is focused on the genetic diversity and relationships of these species that were collected in the Andean region. Ten microsatellites and four AFLP combinations were used to characterize 260 Capsicum accessions. The AFLP tree turned out to be informative regarding relationships among species. The data clearly showed the close relationships between C. chinense and C. frutescens. Moreover, C. cardenasii and C. eximium were indistinguishable as a single, morphologically variable species. Our data showed C. baccatum and C. praetermissum to be distinct species that form a compact group. In the present work, AFLP fingerprinting indicated that C. chacoense was placed in the C. baccatum complex and showed C. tovarii as a separate species. In addition, SSR data indicated that there is intraspecific differentiation in the species C. chinense, C. baccatum and C. pubescens, as the PCoA-based clustering showed a clear geographic division related to country. Even though Bolivia is considered to be the nuclear area for these species, we have found similar variability in Ecuador and Peru for several Capsicum species.''Along with other human impacts, climate change is an important driver of biological changes worldwide and is expected to severely affect species distributions. Although dramatic range shifts and contractions are predicted for many taxa occurring at higher latitudes, including bumble bees, the response of widespread tropical species is less clear due in part to scarcity of reliable occurrence data. Newly mobilized specimen records and improved species distribution models facilitate more robust assessment of future climate effects under various scenarios. Here, we predict both current and future distribution of the orchid bee Eulaema nigrita Lepeletier, 1841 (Apidae: Euglossinae), a large-bodied species widely distributed in the Neotropics whose populations within the Amazon region are believed to be controlled by cleptoparasitic Euglossini bees, such as Exaerete smaragdina 1844 and Aglae caerulea Lepeletier and Serville, 1825. Under both current and future scenarios of climate change, El. nigrita is expected to persist in deforested areas including those that might suffer desertification. While under current climatic conditions this species is not expected to occur in central Amazonia where the forest is still conserved, its range is expected to increase under future scenarios of climate change, especially in areas corresponding to the arc of deforestation in eastern Amazonia. The increase of human-related disturbances in this biome, as well as changes in the relationship of El. smaragdina and El. caerulea may explain the potential range increase of El. nigrita under future scenarios of climate change.''In 1992, Vaillancourt and Weeden discovered a very important mutation for studying cowpea evolution and domestication. A loss of a BamHI restriction site in chloroplast DNA characterized all domesticated accessions and a few wild (Vigna unguiculata ssp. unguiculata var. spontanea) accessions. In order to screen a larger number of accessions, primers were designed to check this mutation using PCR RFLP or direct PCR methods. Using these new primers, 54 domesticated cowpea accessions and 130 accessions from the wild progenitor were screened. The absence of haplotype 0 was confirmed within domesticated accessions, including primitive landraces from cultivar-groups Biflora and Textilis, suggesting that this mutation occurred prior to domestication. However, 40 var. spontanea accessions distributed from Senegal to Tanzania and South Africa showed haplotype 1. Whereas this marker could not be used to identify a precise center of origin, it did highlight the widely distributed cowpea crop-weed complex. Its very high frequency in West Africa could be interpreted as a result of either genetic swamping of the wild/weedy gene pool by the domesticated cowpea gene pool or as the result of domestication by ethnic groups focusing primarily on cowpea as fodder.''Euglossini is an important tribe of Neotropical bees found primarily in wet forest environments, although their distribution extends to seasonal tropical forests and mountainous grassland habitats. However, little is known about the geography and diversity of euglossine bees in mountain regions, particularly in the Brazilian semi-arid Cerrado vegetation. We evaluated the distribution of euglossine bees along an elevational gradient in Serra do Brazil, where the vegetation varies from savanna (Cerrado) at lower elevations to rupestrian grasslands in mountain summits, and an ecotone of cerrado/rupestrian grassland at mid elevations. We also tested whether bee species richness and abundance were influenced by environmental variables (vegetation and climate) that change with elevation. Bee abundance decreased with elevation, while species richness peaked at mid elevations. Species replacement along the elevational gradient led to differences in species composition between sites; but species diversity remained relatively constant, along the gradient. Abundance and diversity patterns were similar between the dry and rainy seasons, despite differences in species composition. We emphasize the importance of preserving corridors of mesic environments in the conservation of euglossine bees for maintaining ecosystem services in mountain savannas.''Agroforestry has become an important land use type in Central and South America. It is important to study agroforestry systems because of their ability to sequester carbon. This study investigates plantations that are located in the foothills of the Peruvian Andes, and it evaluates the aboveground and soil carbon storage of agroforestry coffee plantations with different dominant shading trees, including Inga spp., Pinus spp. (both old) and Eucalyptus spp. old). These agroforestry systems were also compared to a coffee plantation without shading trees. Biomass and carbon were estimated for trees and coffee shrubs using allometric equations. Soil (within depth of and litter carbon were estimated using field sampling and laboratory analyses. The total carbon stock for the site dominated by Inga spp. was while for the sites dominated by Pinus spp. it was and for the site dominated by Eucalyptus spp. it was In the Sun coffee site the ecosystem carbon stock was Most carbon was fixed in the soil compartment followed by aboveground tree biomass tree belowground biomass coffee shrubs and litter'Cocoa is one of the most important crops of the region in Bolivia. This crop is produced in different systems, among them monoculture and agroforestry. In order to determine the effect of the production system on microbiological soil characteristics, we measured microbial biomass carbon, microbial biomass nitrogen and cellulase activity and we determined the microbial quotient in soil under five different cocoa production systems (conventional monoculture, organic monoculture, conventional agroforestry, organic agroforestry and successional agroforestry) and in fallow plots. The measurements were carried out in dry and rainy season. Soil from fallow plots and soil under agroforestry had higher microbial biomass than soils under monocultures, probably due to the effect of fresh organic matter input on microbial biomass. No significant difference for microbial biomass in soil from plots subjected to organic management and soil from plots subjected to conventional management was observed, possibly because of the short time elapsed from the initial establishment of the plots. In dry season, the microbial quotient showed a significantly higher value in soils under conventional agroforestry than in soils under organic monoculture, suggesting that besides the input of fresh organic matter, mineral fertilization may play a role on the fraction of available carbon. Cellulase activity was not affected by any of the factors tested, indicating that, under our assay conditions, it was not a good indicator of changes in soil.'velutina (Thymelaeaceae) is a unique dioecious and heterocarpic shrub, each female producing both dry and fleshy fruits. It is endemic to the Balearic Islands (western Mediterranean) and has suffered an important regression in recent decades, especially due to habitat loss. It lives in coastal areas, mainly in dunes, but a few populations occur up to 1300 m in the mountains of Mallorca. In the present study, we examined its breeding system and pollen vectors, determined whether seed production is pollen-limited, and quantified the relative importance of different insect visitors at coastal and mountain sites. Selective exclusions showed no differences between populations in the relative importance of insects and wind as pollen vectors. Pollen was limiting at both populations, though not consistently in time. Flowers of T. velutina were visited mostly by generalist insects, and species composition and abundance of flower visitors varied both in space and time. The flowering period is about a month later in the mountain than in the dune, and this results in a higher frequency of insect visits to plants in the mountain due to the higher insect abundance; insects were also more diverse in the mountain, although they visited a proportionally lower number of flowers than in the dune. Despite this spatio-temporal variation in the frequency of insect visits and in the importance of a particular insect group, the ambophilous system in this species (previously described as anemophilous) ensures a relatively high fruit set at the two different sites.''Food security is a major challenge in Guatemala, one of the poorest countries in the world. Food insecurity is concentrated in the Western Highlands of Guatemala (WHG) where indigenous communities have been the main victims of social, political and economic marginalization. In this study we characterize the diversity of farming households in the WHG, identify the main sources of food for different types of farm households and assess their food security status through a simple, yet robust, potential food availability indicator. Based on a large and rich dataset of nearly 5000 farm households, our results show the diversity of farming systems in the region, dominated by maize and coffee production, as well as the large differences in their potential food availability. In our model, 52% of farm households in the WHG did not have the means to attain sufficient energy from their agricultural activities. In general, diversified maize-based, coffee-based and specialized coffee farm households had larger proportions of potentially food secure households with 60%, 83% and 74% food secure households, respectively. This contrasted with farm households specialized in maize production and resource-constrained households where there were a greater proportion of households were food insecure. The analytical framework presented here, combining a typology of farm households and their livelihoods with the analysis of their food security status, provides a useful approach for better targeting development interventions towards combating hunger, poverty and malnutrition.''Randomly amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) markers have been used to characterise cocoa clones representing the three main cultivated subpopulations: Criollo, Forastero and Trinitario. The use of single primers of arbitrary nucleotide sequence resulted in the selective amplification of DNA fragments which were unique to the individual cocoa clones studied. The use of a single primer allowed each of the clones evaluated to be unequivocally characterised. The application of RAPD markers for the evaluation of germplasm and cocoa improvement programmes are discussed.''Arid lands in the Mediterranean Basin harbour populations of saltbushes over substantial areas. These have been grazed for centuries and often cleared. There are also some 100,000 hectares of artificially established saltbushes, both native and exotic; they include no more than half a dozen species, when large scale plantations are concerned. Another dozen of exotic species, introduced from Australia, Southern and Northern America, have successfully undergone field trials and could be used on a large scale in a near future. The present paper attempts to review the current state of knowledge on Atriplex spp. in the Mediterranean Basin as a means of Arid Land rehabilitation at a time where huge areas in the region have undergone processes of severe degradation or have been subjected to desertization, particularly over the past four decades. In spite of a number of constraints in their establishment, management and utilization, the plantation of Atriplex spp. appears as one of the best way, if not the best one, to rehabilitate desertized areas and restore them to production, under the present state of knowledge on arid land rehabilitation. They, in particular, are amenable to inclusion into new, man-made agro-sylvo-pastoral systems of production well adapted to arid lands and to the needs of their populations.''Historicity forms for logic the direct antithesis of regularity. In recognition of this dialectical premise physical geography has attempted to remove the historical contingent element of its phenomena in order to emphasise the regularity, and by so doing legimitise its status as a scientific discipline. This has resulted in a schism between empirical knowledge and the accepted theoretical structures. The regularity of geodynamic processes is apparent only on the basis of contingent clusters that in their essential characteristics are subject to historical change. Analysis becomes therefore a question of attribution, reconstructing individual clusters of causal determinants, each cluster being described as an individual outcome rather than the embodiment of necessary laws. The concept of the historical within geography must be clearly separated from the pseudo-historical development concept, as employed in relation to the theory of The scientific methodological problem, present in geography because of the incongruence between the logical assessment and the empirical subject matter, is here considered as the basis for the application of the evolutionary epistomological theory which not only recognises this incongruence but also clarifies and makes explicable its origin.''Widely distributed tree species usually face different growth conditions across gradients of climate variables. Hymenaea courbaril inhabits most of Neotropical lowlands, where its growth is limited by low precipitation under seasonal precipitation regimes. However, it is still unclear what are the drivers of growth variability at its distribution limits, where populations are most vulnerable to climate change. We evaluated the role of precipitation and temperature variability on the growth rate of two populations of H. courbaril at the southern limits of its occurrence. Sampling sites comprise two semi-deciduous forest fragments with weathered and chemically poor soils, similar temperature conditions, only differing in size and in precipitation regime. To achieve that goal, we built two tree-ring chronologies using standard dendrochronological methods, one with 21 trees (37 radii) and the other one with 13 trees (24 radii). First, we evaluated if site conditions would affect average growth patterns, and then, we tested the climate-growth relationships and the teleconnections with the Equatorial Pacific sea surface temperature (SST). The results show that trees display similar average growth rates throughout life without evidence of influence from differing fragment sizes. Nonetheless, precipitation positively influences annual growth in the drier site, while it has a negative effect on growth in the wetter site. In contrast to previous studies, temperature has a stronger influence than precipitation on the growth of these trees. Monthly, seasonal, and annual mean temperatures showed a negative influence on trees growth. The variability of the regional temperature and, consequently, of the growth rate of the trees is partially dependent on the SST of the Equatorial Pacific. In conclusion, this study shows that temperature is a key limiting growth factor for this species at its southern distribution limits and periods with warmer temperature will likely reduce annual growth rate.'Abstract not available'We describe and illustrate Huberia misteriosa, a new species endemic to the state of Santo, Brazil. The new species can be recognized by the young branches and abaxial surface of the leaves covered with dendritic trichomes mm long, hypanthium covered with stalked glands, sepals with the internal laminae broadly trapezoidal, with the apex truncate and shortly apiculate, and by the petals with an apiculate apex. We also provide taxonomic comments, comparisons with closely related species, information about distribution and photos of living and dry specimens.'yaracuyensis (Convolvulaceae: Convolvuloideae: Ipomoeae) is described and illustrated by materials from cloud forests of the Sierra de Aroa and the Macizo de Nirgua of the Coastal Cordillera of Venezuela. This new species can easily be distinguished from other related species by the presence of few-flowered cymes supported by relatively short and arched peduncles, relatively large long), subcoriaceous and apiculate sepals, and a yellow corolla ca. long. A description of the pollen is also included.''This study evaluates quantitatively the suitability of the use of site-specific socio-economic and environmental data as indicators to rapidly assess patterns of diversity and genetic erosion risk in cassava. Socio-economic data as well as estimation of genetic erosion were collected in the study area, the Ucayali region of the Peruvian Amazon, through interviews with 285 cassava farmers in 50 communities, while diversity was assessed based on agromorphological characterization of 295 cassava accessions. Using multivariate regression analyses, 50 and 45% of the variation in respectively diversity and genetic erosion estimation could be explained by a selected set of socio-economic and environmental indicators. In both regression models four out of the total of 38 variables proved to contribute significantly (at level). Additionally, the study revealed that farmers are a good direct source of information on the diversity present at community level, which can contribute to the development of methodologies to assess diversity more rapidly. The results of this study are valuable for the development of models to rapidly assess diversity dynamics in large areas.''One of the less studied components of carbon cycling that could improve our understanding of how and how strongly Amazonian ecosystems act as sinks or sources of carbon is the amount that is carried downstream by rivers. In this paper, we show that a headwater river can carry from 25 to of the reported sink for Amazonian forests, therefore not being negligible for ecosystem-level carbon budgets. Based on monthly measurements from May 2004 to April 2005 of the upper Purus River, southwestern Amazonia, we found that: water pH, dissolved oxygen, specific electrical conductivity, and dissolved inorganic carbon (DIC) were inversely related to water discharge and precipitation; pCO2 was directly and strongly related to discharge and precipitation, and to a lesser extent to pH and dissolved oxygen; and dissolved organic carbon (DOC) was not related to any measured variable. Annual flux of dissolved carbon at the sampling site was estimated as More than was in the form of bicarbonate, with the remainder as CO2 and DOC. This amount is equivalent to in the upstream drainage basin, which is on the same order of magnitude as terrestrial carbon fixation.''The metabolic activities of root nodules formed by Rhizobium tropici UM1899 were measured to test for the effects of geographical origin of the host bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) plant. Under increasing levels of N (0 to 24 mM of NH4NO3), the optimum condition for nitrogen fixation based on nitrogenase activity and allantoin concentration, was obtained between 2 and 4 mM N. Cultivars, including wild accessions from the two major domestication centers in America (Middle America and Andes), were then grown under aseptic conditions with 2 mM NH4NO3 and the rhizobial inoculant. Plant nodulins [leghaemoglobin (Lb), phosphoenolypyruvate carboxylase (PEPC) and glutamine synthetase (GS)], bacterial nitrogenase (NIF) activities as well as allantoin (ALA) concentration in the xylem sap, were assayed in flowering plants. Lb, PEPC, NIF activities and ALA concentrations were strongly affected by cultivar and by the center of origin. GS activity did not vary significantly with either cultivar or center of origin. LB, NIF and ALA were directly related to plant growth and offer opportunities to select for efficient N2-fixing symbioses. There were slight increases in nodulin activities of the domesticated cultivars, but the overall low variability within this material relative to landraces suggests that diversity for biological nitrogen fixation was reduced by domestication.''During the past decades, the Argentine Puna (a subtropical high elevation desert of c. 14 million hectares) has been going through a process of of large herbivore communities. In response to rural population outmigration and resulting livestock reduction accompanied by protection measures, large wild herbivores such as increased. To explore the ecological consequences of this transition, we analysed the spatial patterns of wild herbivores and livestock in relation to human settlements, and we estimated the changes in vegetation productivity of peatlands, using NDVI derived from MODIS satellite images between 2001 and 2012. Peatlands are key ecosystems in high elevation deserts; they regulate water and carbon fluxes and provide most forage for livestock and wildlife. A field survey of 50 peatlands revealed that travel time from human settlements was positively correlated with the wild herbivore abundance, and negatively correlated with livestock abundance (especially sheep and goats). Thus, it is a good indicator of livestock use. At the regional scale, after controlling for the physical and climatic variables of the 8134 peatlands, accessibility from human settlements explained less than 0.1% of mean and interannual NDVI variability. These results provide no evidence of livestock-induced degradation. Furthermore, likely due to rainfall increase, peatlands showed an overall positive NDVI trend between 2001 and 2012, but isolated peatlands showed comparatively more negative NDVI trends during the same period, possibly associated with increased wildlife herbivory. Similar rewilding processes could occur in many mountain regions undergoing decreasing human population and marginal land uses. Our study suggests that traditional management could contribute to the productivity, stability, and resilience of peatlands.''Recognition of the significance of the boundary between ecological systems, often referred to as the ecotone, has a long history in the ecological sciences and in zoonotic disease research. More recent research in landscape ecology has produced an expanded view of ecotones and elaboration of their characteristics and functions in ecosystems. Parallel research on emerging infectious diseases (EIDs) and the causes of increased rates of pathogen transmission, spread, and adaptation suggests a correspondence between ecotonal processes and the ecological and evolutionary processes responsible for zoonotic and vector-borne emerging infections. A review of the literature suggests that ecotones play a role in a number of the most important EIDs. Yet these are the only diseases for which specific landscape ecological information exists in the literature or disease reports. However, the similar disease ecologies of these with about half of the approximately 130 zoonotic EIDs suggests ecotones, particularly their anthropogenic origination or modification, may be generally associated with ecotones and the global trend of increasing EIDs.'Abstract not available'The replacement of native dry forests by commercial (exotic) tree plantations could generate changes in rainfall partitioning, which further affects the water cycle. In this study, we determined (i) the rainfall partitioning into interception, throughfall and stemflow, (ii) the role of rainfall event size on rainfall partitioning, (iii) the pH of water channelized as throughfall and stemflow, and (iv) the runoff in Lithraea molleoides (a native species) and Pinus elliottii (an exotic species) stands in the dry Chaco mountain forests, central Argentina. On average, interception, throughfall and stemflow accounted for 19.3%, 79.5% and 1.2% of the gross rainfall in L. molleoides stand, and 32.6%, 66.7% and 0.7% of the gross rainfall in P. elliottii stand, respectively. Amounts of interception, throughfall and stemflow presented positive linear relationships with the increment of rainfall event size for both tree species (P<0.01 in all cases). Percentages of interception, throughfall and stemflow were all related to the increment of rainfall event size, showing different patterns. With increasing rainfall event size, interception exponentially decreased, throughfall asymptotically increased and stemflow linearly increased. Both P. elliottii and L. molleoides stands presented significant differences in the pH values of water channelized as throughfall (6.3 vs. 6.7, respectively; P<0.01) and stemflow (4.5 vs. 5.8, respectively; P<0.01). Runoff occupied only 0.3% of the gross rainfall in P. elliottii stand and was zero in L. molleoides stand. Our results showed that the native species L. molleoides presented 13.6% more water reaching the topsoil (i.e., net rainfall; net rainfall=gross than the exotic species P. elliottii. This study improves our understanding of the effects of native vegetation replacement on the local water balance in the dry forest ecosystems.'acutangulum has been previously understood as a widespread and variable species. Here, it is proposed that populations east of the Andes should be divided into two species: P. acutangulum and P. acidum based on characters of the leaves, anthers, fruits and seeds. The new combination Psidium acidum is made here and the species is described, illustrated and contrasted with P. acutangulum and P. friedrichsthalianum. Psidium acutangulum as now understood remains variable and seems to be related to a mainly Amazonian group of species. Populations from western Ecuador, once thought to belong to P. acutangulum are now considered a new species.'Abstract not available'Peruvian Pacific drainage catchments only benefit from 2% of the total national available freshwater while they concentrate almost 50% of the population of the country. This situation is likely to lead a severe water scarcity and also constitutes an obstacle to economic development. Catchment runoff fluctuations in response to climate variability and/or human activities can be reflected in extreme events, representing a serious concern (like floods, erosion, droughts) in the study area. To document this crucial issue for Peru, we present here an insightful analysis of the water quantity resource variability of this region, exploring the links between this variability and climate and/or anthropogenic pressure. We first present a detailed analysis of the hydroclimatologic variability at annual timescale and at basin scale over the period. In addition to corroborating the influence of extreme El events over precipitation and runoff in northern catchments, a mean warming of per decade over all catchments was found. Also, higher values of temperature and potential and actual evapotranspiration were found over northern latitudes. We chose to apply the Budyko-Zhang framework that characterizes the water cycle as a function of climate only, allowing the identification of catchments with significant climatic and anthropogenic influence on water balance. The Budyko-Zhang methodology revealed that 11 out of 26 initial catchments are characterized by low water balance disparity related to minor climatic and anthropogenic influence. These 11 catchments were suitable for identifying catchments with contrasting change in their hydroclimatic behavior using the Budyko trajectories. Our analysis further reveals that six hydrological catchment responses can be characterized by high sensitivity to climate variability and land use changes.''Forests in lowland Bolivia suffer from severe deforestation caused by different types of agents and land use activities. We identify three major proximate causes of deforestation. The largest share of deforestation is attributable to the expansion of mechanized agriculture, followed by cattle ranching and small-scale agriculture. We utilize a spatially explicit multinomial logit model to analyze the determinants of each of these proximate causes of deforestation between 1992 and 2004. We substantiate the quantitative insights with a qualitative analysis of historical processes that have shaped land use patterns in the Bolivian lowlands to date. Our results suggest that the expansion of mechanized agriculture occurs mainly in response to good access to export markets, fertile soil, and intermediate rainfall conditions. Increases in small-scale agriculture are mainly associated with a humid climate, fertile soil, and proximity to local markets. Forest conversion into pastures for cattle ranching occurs mostly irrespective of environmental determinants and can mainly be explained by access to local markets. Land use restrictions, such as protected areas, seem to prevent the expansion of mechanized agriculture but have little impact on the expansion of small-scale agriculture and cattle ranching. The analysis of future deforestation trends reveals possible hotspots of future expansion for each proximate cause and specifically highlights the possible opening of new frontiers for deforestation due to mechanized agriculture. Whereas the quantitative analysis effectively elucidates the spatial patterns of recent agricultural expansion, the interpretation of long-term historic drivers reveals that the timing and quantity of forest conversion are often triggered by political interventions and historical legacies.''We analyzed the distributional pattern of species and environmental gradients across inland palm ecotones (morichals) of the Orinoco lowlands to increase comprehension of the nature of ecotone heterogeneity. A total of 91 species (53 genera and 45 families) with aboveground dry mass were recorded. Detrented canonical correspondence analysis (DCCA) indicated that vegetation phytomass was related strongly to soil properties, including gradients of silt exchangeable Al K Na Mg concentrations, pH units), and soil organic matter. Cluster analysis allowed the definition of four types of ecotones on the basis of hydrogeomorphic processes. The first major group (1) encompassing the sites from Venezuelan lowlands (i.e., 3V, 4V, 5V, 6V, and 7V) was related to less acidic soils with high organic matter content. The second group (II) from Eastern Colombian llanos (i.e., sites 8C, 9C, 11C, 12C, 13C, 14C, and 15C) was located in acidic soils units) with high Mg concentration. The third group (III) (i.e., sites IV and 10C) was located in soils with high Na content, whereas the fourth group (IV) (i.e., site 2V) was characterized by species growing in soils with low exchangeable aluminum. The results evidenced the interactive role of valley constraint, landforms, hydrological regime, and soil feature in structuring the plant community. Biogeographic and floristic considerations were also taken into account to explain differences in species composition.''We contrasted the demographic trends of three congeneric populations of globose of Melocactus ernestii Vaupel (MeC, MeM), and one of Melocactus bahiensis (Britton & Rose) Luetzelb. survival, growth and reproduction data. Censuses were performed every in the three populations over a 2-year period for MeM and MbC, and for MeC). Two annual transition matrices and a mean transition matrix for each population were constructed to determine and compare the influence of key life cycle stages, demographic processes, harvest intensity, and pollinator decline. The populations differed in distributions, flower and fruit production, and size at maturity. The survival curves for the populations of M. ernestii did not differ from each other, but they both differed from the curve for M. bahiensis, which was higher. Based on stochastic simulations, the growth rate of the MeC population exceeded that of MeM. Retrospective perturbation analyses (life table response experiments, LTRE) showed that adult survival and fecundity were the main contributors to the spatiotemporal differences in among populations. Demographic behavior of the three populations was strongly dependent on adult survival counteracting high mortality in early stages; adult annual harvest would cause rapid decline in the three populations. Susceptibility to adult harvesting and high habitat specificity contributes to the populations risk of local extinction and such threats should be monitored to safeguard them.''The growing demand for food poses major challenges to humankind. We have to safeguard both biodiversity and arable land for future agricultural food production, and we need to protect genetic diversity to safeguard ecosystem resilience. We must produce more food with less input, while deploying every effort to minimize risk. Agricultural sustainability is no longer optional but mandatory. There is still an on-going debate among researchers and in the media on the best strategy to keep pace with global population growth and increasing food demand. One strategy favors the use of genetically modified (GM) crops, while another strategy focuses on agricultural biodiversity. Here, we discuss two obstacles to sustainable agriculture solutions. The first obstacle is the claim that genetically modified crops are necessary if we are to secure food production within the next decades. This claim has no scientific support, but is rather a reflection of corporate interests. The second obstacle is the resultant shortage of research funds for agrobiodiversity solutions in comparison with funding for research in genetic modification of crops. Favoring biodiversity does not exclude any future biotechnological contributions, but favoring biotechnology threatens future biodiversity resources. An objective review of current knowledge places GM crops far down the list of potential solutions in the coming decades. We conclude that much of the research funding currently available for the development of GM crops would be much better spent in other research areas of plant science, e.g., nutrition, policy research, governance, and solutions close to local market conditions if the goal is to provide sufficient food for the growing population in a sustainable way.''Electrophoretically detectable genetic variation was used to describe the genetic structure of three South American species ofNothofagus: the widespreadN. betuloides andN. dombeyi, and the geographically restrictedN. nitida. Although the widespread species possess higher levels of genetic variation, the three species have more genetic variation within than among populations. These results are consistent with the theoretical expectations for woody, presumably highly outerossed species with wind-borne seeds.Estimates of outcrossing rates from progeny arrays yielded slightly higher average t-values forN. nitida (1.158) andN. dombeyi (range than forN. betuloide (0.878). Hierarchical analysis of population structure revealed values of FIS and FIT that were positive and significantly different from zero at most loci and for each species. The levels of inbreeding detected by F-statistics indicate some degree of self-fertilization and/or population substructuring into discrete family groups. Reduced seed vagility and regeneration of natural stands after disturbance by a few remnant individuals would probably generate the recruitment of related seedlings underneath parent trees.The analysis of a putative hybrid population betweenN. nitida andN. betuloides indicated that individuals clearly segregated intonitida-like orbetuloides- like individuals. The reduced outcrossing rate ofbetuloides-like individuals from the hybrid site (t=0.585) is interpreted in concert with low pollen availability and the increased probability of selfing and/or hybridization inNothofagus.''The ability of seeds to regenerate from soil seed banks has long been recognized as a key survival strategy for plants establishing new niches in highly variable climates of alpine environments. However, the fundamental aspects of evolutionary/selective forces for seed bank development in alpine ecosystems are largely unknown. Here, we developed a model that describes dormancy, a high temperature requirement and a specific light/darkness regime at the time of seed shedding can preclude autumn germination, thus contributing to seed persistence until the next growing season. The benefits of these factors synchronising germination with the growing season are reviewed. Additionally, the importance of climatic variations of maternal environment affecting some of these factors is also discussed. It is suggested that the environmental conditions during the growing season partly control the seed persistence and seeds that fail to germinate are carried over to the next season. Species that have small and round-shaped seeds tend to persist more easily in soil for over than do the large or flat seeds. However, some large-seeded species also have the potential to establish short-term persistence bank. A literature survey reveals of the alpine seeds have a mass Seed size has only a weak relationship with mean germination timing (MGT) indicating that reduced persistence in large-seeded species cannot be counteracted by quicker germination, but combined effects of other factors stimulating germination remain an open area to be studied. It is proposed that long distance dispersal (LDD) is limited in most-but not all-species, primarily due to the absence of specialized dispersal structures. However, among numerous dispersal modes, most species tend to be dispersed by wind. Thus, spermatophytes of alpine environments have a greater tendency to establish seed banks and spread the risk of germination to many years, rather than being dispersed to other micro-climates.'"BackgroundTanganya virus (TGNV), the only shrew-associated hantavirus reported to date from sub-Saharan Africa, is harbored by the Therese's shrew (Crocidura theresae), and is phylogenetically distinct from Thottapalayam virus (TPMV) in the Asian house shrew (Suncus murinus) and Imjin virus (MJNV) in the Ussuri white-toothed shrew (Crocidura lasiura). The existence of myriad soricid-borne hantaviruses in Eurasia and North America would predict the presence of additional hantaviruses in sub-Saharan Africa, where multiple shrew lineages have evolved and diversified.MethodsLung tissues, collected in from 39 Buettikofer's shrews (Crocidura buettikoferi), 5 Jouvenet's shrews (Crocidura jouvenetae), 9 West African pygmy shrews (Crocidura obscurior) and 21 African giant shrews (Crocidura olivieri) captured in d'Ivoire during 2009, were systematically examined for hantavirus RNA by RT-PCR.ResultsA genetically distinct hantavirus, designated Azagny virus (AZGV), was detected in the West African pygmy shrew. Phylogenetic analysis of the S, M and L segments, using maximum-likelihood and Bayesian methods, under the model of evolution, showed that AZGV shared a common ancestry with TGNV and was more closely related to hantaviruses harbored by soricine shrews than to TPMV and MJNV. That is, AZGV in the West African pygmy shrew, like TGNV in the Therese's shrew, did not form a monophyletic group with TPMV and MJNV, which were deeply divergent and basal to other rodent- and soricomorph-borne hantaviruses. Ancestral distributions of each hantavirus lineage, reconstructed using Mesquite 2.74, suggested that the common ancestor of all hantaviruses was most likely of Eurasian, not African, origin.ConclusionsGenome-wide analysis of many more hantaviruses from sub-Saharan Africa are required to better understand how the biogeographic origin and radiation of African shrews might have contributed to, or have resulted from, the evolution of hantaviruses."'Studies of the level and the structure of the genetic diversity of local varieties of Phaseolus vulgaris are of fundamental importance, both for the management of genetic resources and to improve our understanding of the pathways of dissemination and the evolution of this species in Europe. We have here characterized 73 local bean populations from Sardinia (Italy) using seed traits and molecular markers (phaseolins, nuSSRs and cpSSRs). American landraces and commercial varieties were also included for comparison. We see that: (a) the Sardinian material is distinct from the commercial varieties considered; (b) the variation in the seed traits is high and it mostly occurs among populations (95%); (c) compared to the American sample and the commercial varieties, the Sardinian collection has a low level of diversity; (d) the majority (>95%) of the Sardinian individuals belong to the Andean gene pool; (e) the Sardinian material shows a strong genetic structure, both for cpSSRs and nuSSRs; (f) the nuSSRs and cpSSRs concur in differentiating between gene pools, but a lack of congruence between nuclear and chloroplast has been observed within gene pools; and (g) there are three putative hybrids between the Andean and Mesoamerican gene pools. Despite the relatively low level of diversity, which is probably due to a strong founder effect, the Sardinian landraces are worth being conserved and studied further because of their distinctiveness and because hybridization within and between the gene pools could generate variation that will be useful for breeding.''This paper examines the traditional use of medicinal plants in Northern Peru, with special focus on the Departments of Piura, Lambayeque, La Libertad, Cajamarca, and San Martin.Northern Peru represents the center of the old Central Andean "Health Axis," stretching from Ecuador to Bolivia. The roots of traditional healing practices in this region go at least as far back as the Moche period (AC about 50% of the plants in use reported in the colonial period have disappeared from the popular pharmacopoeia, the plant knowledge of the population is much more extensive than in other parts of the Andean region.510 plant species used for medicinal purposes were collected, identified and their vernacular names, traditional uses and applications recorded. The families best represented were Asteraceae with 69 species, Fabaceae (35), Lamiaceae (25), and Solanaceae (21). Euphorbiaceae had twelve species, and Apiaceae and Poaceae 11 species.The highest number of species was used for the treatment of "magical/ritual" ailments (207 species), followed by respiratory disorders (95), problems of the urinary tract (85), infections of female organs (66), liver ailments (61), inflammations (59), stomach problems (51) and rheumatism (45).Most of the plants used (83%) were native to Peru. Fresh plants, often collected wild, were used in two thirds of all cases, and the most common applications included the ingestion of herb decoctions or the application of plant material as poultices.''This study represents the first analysis of livestock influence over individual mammal species in NW Argentina forests. Through camera-trapping, I found a negative correlation between frequencies of occurrence of livestock (sheep, goats and cattle) and Gray brocket deer Mazama gouazoubira, and a modification of the daily activities patterns of the latter according to changes in density of the former. However, no evident associations between Crab-eating fox Cerdocyon thous and Pampas fox Lycalopex gymnocercus frequencies and livestock were found. This study provides insights on the effects of extensive ranching over mammal species in NW forests of Argentina, where this activity is of major importance among forests inhabitants.'Abstract not available'Declining soil fertility has become an increasingly urgent problem and gathering firewood is one of the important contributing factors. Due to the excessive exploitation of natural resources especially for firewood, the red soil hilly region has become one of the most vulnerable eco-environment regions in China. The pressure of gathering firewood on forestland soil fertility in forestland has been generally estimated by geographical information system and questionnaire method in this paper in the Zhuxi watershed of Changting County, Fujian Province, China, a typical representative in the red soil hilly region of China. The results of this study show that: i) Forestland soil fertility is negatively affected by gathering firewood, which is more intensive in the integrated buffer zone than out of zone. The forestland soil fertility grade, OM, total N, available N, total P, available P, total K, available K, pH and <2 clay content are lower and bulk density is higher in the integrated buffer zone than those out. ii) The forestland soil fertility grade, OM, total N, available N, total P, available P, total K, available K, pH and <2 clay content tend to be lower and bulk density tends to be higher in the village buffer zones than those out in Datian, Chenguang and Youfang respectively. iii) The population density, economic development and terrain might be the key driving forces contributing to the relationship between gathering firewood and forestland soil fertility. Higher population density leads to more massive firewood collection and imposes more pressure on forestland soil fertility. Decreasing the use of firewood stove may reduce firewood consumption and thus release the pressure of gathering firewood on forestland soil fertility. Terrain affects the accessibility to gathering firewood thus affects forestland soil fertility. Other driving forces influencing the relationship between gathering firewood and forestland soil fertility should also be taken into account in the further study.''ContextDisentangling the relative effects of forest loss versus fragmentation on species distribution and abundance is crucial for adopting efficient biodiversity conservation actions, which could change with the nature of the landscape matrix.ObjectivesWe tested the moderating effect of landscape matrix on insectivorous bats response to forest loss and fragmentation.MethodsWe conducted acoustic surveys at forest patches surrounded by either an agricultural-dominated matrix or a pine-dominated matrix. We related bat activity to forest amount and the number of forest patches at multiple spatial scales, and compared their effects between landscape matrices.ResultsBat activity was associated with both predictors, however their effects varied with the matrix type. In agricultural landscapes, as the amount of forest increased, the activity of Histiotus montanus, Lasiurus cinereus and Tadarida brasiliensis increased, while activity of Myotis chiloensis decreased. Similarly, as fragmentation increased, the activity of Lasiurus varius and M. chiloensis increased, while activity of H. montanus decreased. In production-forest landscapes, only H. montanus decreased its activity with increasing forest amount. In contrast, activity of L. cinereus, M. chiloensis and T. brasiliensis increased with increasing fragmentation. Forest amount was a stronger predictor for agricultural landscapes than for production-forest landscapes, suggesting that low contrast matrices can mitigate the effects of forest loss.ConclusionsFragmented landscapes with native forest patches surrounded by a low contrast matrix may support a higher activity of insectivorous bats. Management efforts in fragmented landscapes should aim to decrease the patch-matrix contrast, which will mitigate the effects of forest loss on bats.'"Gender differences in knowledge of NRM practices have long been noted in Senegal and throughout Sub-Saharan Africa. An exploration of these differences among a sample of rural Senegalese men and women shows that these differences are, in part, a function of extension agent interventions. The level of knowledge of a set of NRM technologies is associated with contact with three key types of extension agent in rural Senegal: extension team leaders, forestry agents, and women's agents. Analysis of intra-household variation in levels of knowledge shows a degree of interdependence between the knowledge levels of husbands and wives for some practices. However, multi-variate analysis, controlling for personal and contextual factors, clearly demonstrates the independent impact of extension agents on gender differences in rural Senegalese NRM knowledge. It can be concluded that contact with extension agents increases knowledge of NRM practices. In particular, contact with the women's agent is a strong predictor of the level of women's NRM knowledge and, surprisingly, also contributes to the level of men's knowledge. Despite the small number of women's agents in the field, they appear to have significant positive impact on the dissemination of NRM knowledge among rural Senegalese women and men."'Along the coast facing the Pacific Ocean in the province of Esmeraldas (Ecuador) one can observe some stretches where a process of rapid erosion is currently in progress. If it is not prevented, it seriously risks compromising the development of any form of utilization. In this paper, which summarizes the observations carried out in three different periods (1989, 1992 and 1999), we express the opinion that this process is the product of two distinct main causes. Along the Atacames bay, which may be considered as the main seaside resort of Quito, the capital of Ecuador, progressive cliff retreat is not only very dangerous for the existing tourist settlements, but also hinders their further development. The shoreline dynamics that seems to be due only to causes (sea level rising, or the lastEl event) are so active that defence works are not recommended. At Camarones the erosion of the coast is clearly due to the systematic destruction of mangroves by man. Also as a result of the lastEl event, the situation has become alarming and it could rapidly get worse. By means of the present contribution, the Authors intend to attract the attention of the international scientific community upon the processes, not surveyed so far, affecting the stretches of the Ecuadorian coast.''Changes in population structure and plant functional traits across environmental gradient in the near natural treeline is a critical determinant of environmental changes in treelines. In this study we analyzed population characteristics and leaf traits of Rhododendron campanulatum across treeline ecotone in a trans-Himalayan region of Mustang district in central Nepal. Along 4 vertical transects, a total of 72 quadrats (5 m 5 m) - 34 above Betula utilis treeline and 38 below treeline - were sampled to analyze the population structure, regeneration, specific leaf area (SLA) and leaf-stem relationship of R. campanulatum. Our results showed that the regeneration of R. campanulatum was fairly good in both habitats, as evident from density-diameter curve. The species showed type III survivorship curve in both habitats with the highest mortality during early stage of life. However, the seedling density and mortality was higher below treeline than above treeline. Canopy cover and basal cover were found to be the major factors affecting regeneration, as indicated by higher number of juveniles in relatively open areas above treeline. The total leaf area increased (p<0.001) with stem cross-section area in both habitats. However, the SLA was higher below treeline (55 cm2/g) than above (47 cm2/g) (p> 0.001); it also increased with the canopy cover of trees (R = 0.59, p<0.001) below the treeline. In conclusion, high density of juvenile, low mortality of seedlings, and low SLA above treeline indicated that the species has successfully adapted in climatically stressful alpine habitat with potential to expand upward.''We report a new locality for Monodelphis handleyi, a rare short-tailed opossum species, previously known only from its type locality, in Loreto, northeastern Peru. One adult male was collected using pitfall trap disposed in Amazonian savanna of southern Amazonas state, Brazil. Voucher specimen had their identification confirmed by molecular data (mitochondrial gene Cytochrome b) and morphological comparison. We provide external and cranial measurements of this specimen and comment on its morphology. The specimen reported here represents the first record of M. handleyi in Brazil and is the second known locality for the species, and there is high level of divergence found between the two distant localities (5.1%). This record extends the species range at least 1200 km eastern beyond the type locality and denotes the importance of use of complementary methods for sampling small nonvolant mammals.''Species-area data from a study of marsh birds are used to test five predictions generated by the equilibrium theory of island biogeography. Three predictions are supported: we found a significant species-area relationship, a non-zero level of turnover, and a variance-mean ratio of 0.5. One prediction is rejected: the extinction rates were not greater on small islands. The results of one test are equivocal: the number of species on each island was not always the same. As Gilbert (1980) suggests, a strong species-area relationship alone does not validate the theory. The avian communities we studied were on habitat islands, not true islands, and underwent complete extinction annually. Thus caution must be used before applying the theory to these and other habitat islands.''A critical comparative analysis of howfarmers and scientists classify and manage soilsreveals fundamental differences as well assimilarities. In the past, the study of local soilknowledge has been predominantly targeted atdocumenting how farmers classified their soils incontrast to understanding how such classificatoryknowledge was made use of in actually managing soilsfor sustaining production. Often, classificatorydesigns being cognitive and linguistic in nature not reflect the day-to-day actions in farming.Instead of merely describing local soil classificationin relation to scientific criteria, understanding howdifferent types of ethnolinguistic soil categories arerelated to crops, climate, subsistence needs,fertility, market demand, and cultural norms of thesociety would be far more effective in focusingresearch and development efforts.''The ability of to understand, record and forecast weather and climate has been an important factor in successfully responding to past weather and climatic change in New Zealand. Through interacting with local environments over the centuries have developed a wealth of environmental knowledge, with the lessons learnt having been incorporated into traditional and modern practices of agriculture, fishing, medicine, education and conservation. In partnership with the tribal group Te Research and Development Unit (Te Kuwaha o Taihoro Nukurangi) have initiated a pilot project to identify and document environmental knowledge (MEK) of weather and climate in New Zealand. Using a Kaupapa based research approach and semi-directive interviewing, an intimate understanding of local weather and climate was demonstrated by elders from Te This knowledge includes the use of a vast indigenous nomenclature for local weather and climate phenomenon, the oral recording of weather and climate based events and trends, and the identification of environmental indicators to forecast weather and climate. Learning from this knowledge provides an opportunity to understand what has helped adapt to weather and climate variability in the past. It also provides clues on how to enhance present day and western scientific understanding of local weather and climate in New Zealand.'sellowii (Podocarpaceae) is one of only a few gymnosperms native to Brazil and the sole species of the genus found in the northeastern region of that country. It has a very restricted distribution in this region, with only three known populations in highland forests (called Brejos de Altitude), which apparently have been isolated from each other since the Pleistocene. Due to this long-term isolation and the fact that these populations have few adult individuals and suffer great anthropogenic pressure, low genetic variability is expected, compromising their long-term viability. The present work assessed the genetic variability and structure of northeastern populations of P. sellowii to investigate the role of Pleistocene glaciations on the genetic relationships between them and to propose strategies for their conservation by analyzing the SSR and ISSR markers of adult and juvenile individuals. Low genetic diversity was found with both markers, associated with a high differentiation of the Brejo de population in relation to the their isolation at different points in time, probably during the Pleistocene. Actions directed towards increasing the genetic diversity of these populations will be needed, such as planting seedlings with high genetic the high degrees of differentiation observed between the populations must be taken into account.''The present study aims to assess rainfall erosivity and erosivty density both in space and time over the Suketi River catchment of western Himalayan region in India during The data used comprises of daily rainfall measurements at three rain gauge stations, which are sparsely distributed over the catchment. Rainfall erosivity was assessed by employing Wischmeier and Smith algorithms, whereas erosivity density was estimated by applying algorithm. The spatial distribution of both algorithms was analyzed through Kriging method based on geographical information system. The obtained results indicate remarkable year-to-year, seasonal and monthly variations in average annual rainfall erosivity and erosivity density. Apart from this, individual cases of high and very high rainfall erosivity and erosivity density were noticed. The long-term average annual rainfall erosivity and erosivity density revealed a general decreasing trend. This decreasing trend in rainfall erosivity was found to be statistically significant at 0.05 significance level, whereas it was found to be non-significant for erosivity density. The highest values of both indices were observed in the month of July followed by August and June particularly in northern parts. These results indicate that July month followed by August and June are the most susceptible months for soil erosion over the Suketi River catchment with lower reaches (northern) being the most vulnerable one. Finally, results of this study will be valuable for farmers, agronomists and regional planners in chalking out best management practices for reducing water erosion in vulnerable areas of the catchment.'"In the past few decades, Latin America has encountered two related developments that are transforming indigenous peoples' ownership, use, and management of land and resources. The first has been a wave of political organizing among indigenous communities. International linkages, national and regional confederations, and local, intercommunal organizations have proliferated across Central and South America. Secondly, there has been a swift rise in the number and influence of nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), which have brought unprecedented financial support and political leverage to the struggles of indigenous people. This paper examines development, natural resource management, and ecopolitics in the Chiquitano communities of Lomerio in the Bolivian lowlands. I discuss the impact of NGO and government policies and practices on Chiquitano political organization, and present examples of political agency on the part of the Chiquitanos, and features of the structural conditions that frame relations among the different groups."'The region located in the east of the state of Tocantins, central Brazil is the largest continuous area of protected cerrado, a hotspot of biodiversity. Here we present a new species of Dioscorea, found in dry soils in sandy open cerrado vegetation within the limits of two protected areas. This species differs from other similar species by its combination of dwarf habit, staminate flowers with three stamens plus three staminodes, compact pistillate inflorescences and spheroid unwinged seeds.''Management of wetlands is often constrained by lack of a precise typology of habitats. Regional landscape attributes need to be considered in the integrative research of wetlands to allow habitat-specific management. Here we investigated the distribution and the habitat diversity of the wetlands in the Amazonian Piedmont in the Department of Colombia. Based on the landscape approach we combined geomorphic, hydro-chemical and biotic attributes. We used remote sensing based interpretation and ground truth verification. We found 896 wetlands covering up to of the study area. Our estimate of the wetland area does not reflect the true historic wetland area (occasionally flooded area) because of the flooded active floodplain area has been converted to pastures. Including the pastures the estimated wetland area is of the study region. We identified 7 wetland habitats. The method we applied can be used to map small and middle sized wetlands achieving an acceptable overall accuracy. These wetlands provide important ecosystem services and act as corridors for biodiversity in human-dominated landscapes such as the region. Our results provide support for the wise use of tropical wetlands and may help to improve landscape management in the Amazon basin.''The critically endangered yellow tailed woolly monkeys (Oreonax flavicauda, Humboldt 1812) are endemic to the cloud forests of northeastern Peru. We surveyed populations of Oreonax flavicauda in the Centro Poblado La Esperanza, Amazonas department between May 2008 and March 2009. We conducted census work in an area comprising disturbed primary cloud forest interspersed with pasture lying between 3 protected areas, all of which are known to contain populations of Oreonax flavicauda. We used standardized line transect methodology to census an area of ca. We also recorded group size and composition. We compared the results of transect width estimation, method, and an ad libitum total group count. We calculated individual densities of 8.27/km2 and and group densities of 0.93/km2 and using method and transect width estimation, respectively. Average group size was 8.9, with adult males, adult females, and juveniles and infants. The results from our transect surveys coincided well with our estimated total group count. Our results are similar to those from previous studies, although differences in methodologies and site-specific environmental factors make comparison difficult, and suggest that Oreonax flavicauda is able to survive in disturbed habitat when hunting pressure is low.''Understanding the role of seed banks can be important for designing restoration projects. Using the seedling emergence method, we investigated the soil seed banks of two montane, deciduous riparian forest ecosystems of southeastern Arizona. We contrasted the seed banks and extant vegetation of Ramsey Canyon, which is the site of riparian restoration activities, with that of Garden Canyon, which has been less affected by human land uses. Fewer plant species were found at Ramsey Canyon than Garden Canyon, for both the seed bank and extant vegetation, and the vegetation at Ramsey Canyon (seed bank and extant) had consistently drier wetland indicator scores. As well, vegetation patterns within sampling zones (channel margins and adjacent riparian forests) differed between canyons. At Garden Canyon channel margins, the seed bank and extant vegetation had relatively high similarity, with herbaceous wetland perennial species dominating. Extant vegetation in the floodplain riparian forest zone at Garden Canyon had a drier wetland indicator score than the seed bank, suggesting that the floodplains are storing seeds dispersed from wetter fluvial surfaces. Vegetation patterns for Ramsey Canyon channel margins were similar to those for Garden Canyon floodplains. Vegetation patterns in the Ramsey Canyon riparian forest zone were indicative of non-flooded conditions with an abundance of upland species in the soil seed bank and extant vegetation. Channel geomorphology measurements indicated that much of the riparian forest zone at Ramsey Canyon is functionally a terrace, a condition that may be a legacy of channel erosion from historic land uses. Steep, erodible channel slopes may contribute to the low seed bank germinant density at Ramsey Canyon channel margins, and narrower flood-prone area may explain the greater terrestrialization of the vegetation in both sampling zones. We recommend testing the use of donor soils from more diverse stream reaches to restore biodiversity levels at Ramsey Canyon, following restoration activities such as channel-widening. Seed banks from Garden Canyon, for example, although predominantly consisting of herbaceous perennials, would supply species with a range of moisture tolerances, life spans, and growth forms. We also recommend that restorationists take care not to harm seed banks exposed during removal of introduced species; at Ramsey Canyon, soil seed banks were equally diverse in areas with high and low cover of the introduced Vinca major (a legacy of Ramsey Canyon land use).''An evaluation of the interactions between vegetation, overland and soil erosion can provide valuable insight for the conservation of soil and water. An experiment was conducted to study water infiltration, runoff generation process, rate of sediment erosion, and hydrodynamic characteristics of overland flow from a sloping hillside with different draw-off discharges from alfalfa and control plots with slope. The effect of alfalfa on runoff and sediment transport reduction was quantitatively analyzed. Alfalfa was discussed for its ability to reduce the overland flow scouring force or change the runoff movement. Compared to the bare-soil plots, alfalfa plots generated a 1.77 times increase in infiltration rate. Furthermore, the down-slope water infiltration rate for the bare soil plots was higher than in the up-slope, while the opposite was found in the alfalfa plots. In addition, alfalfa had a significant effect on runoff and sediment yield. In comparison to the control, the runoff coefficient and sediment transportation rate decreased by 28.3% and 78.4% in the grass slope, respectively. The runoff generated from the alfalfa and bare-soil plots had similar trends with an initial increase and subsequent leveling to a steady-state rate. The transport of sediment reduced with time as a consequence of the depletion of loose surface materials. The maximum sediment concentration was recorded within the first few minutes of each event. The alfalfa plots had subcritical flow while the baresoil plots had supercritical flow, which indicate that the capability of the alfalfa slope for resisting soil erosion and sediment movement was greater than for bare soil plots. Moreover, the flow resistance coefficient and roughness coefficient for the alfalfa plots were both higher than for the bare-soil plots, which indicate that overland flow in alfalfa plots had retarded and was blocked, and the flow energy along the runoff path had gradually dissipated. Finally, the ability to erode and transport sediment had decreased.''According to theory, variation in plant secondary metabolism against herbivores is driven by variation in biotic and abiotic conditions interacting with plants genotype to determine the expression of resistance traits. Particularly, it has been long postulated that plants growing along latitudinal gradients experience changes in biotic and abiotic interactions, specifically leading to a decrease of plant toxicity towards the poles. We tested this hypothesis using the asteraceous species Smallanthus macroscyphus. Smallanthus species are known to contain sesquiterpene lactones (STLs), bitter compounds with a broad spectrum of biological activities, including deterrence to herbivores. S. macroscyphus showed a decrease in chemical diversity of STLs when investigating populations growing from the tropical regions to less tropical ones. Populations from lower latitudes were found to be more chemically diverse with enhydrin, uvedalin and fluctuanin as main components, while populations southward were chemically fairly uniform, with polymatin A as the main and largely dominant STL. The STL chemistry of S. macroscyphus is in agreement with the hypothesis that plants of tropical forests have a greater diversity of secondary metabolites when compared to their temperate counterparts.''Adaptation to climate change is given increasing international attention as the confidence in climate change projections is getting higher. Developing countries have specific needs for adaptation due to high vulnerabilities, and they will in this way carry a great part of the global costs of climate change although the rising atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations are mainly the responsibility of industrialized countries. This article provides a status of climate change adaptation in developing countries. An overview of observed and projected climate change is given, and recent literature on impacts, vulnerability, and adaptation are reviewed, including the emerging focus on mainstreaming of climate change and adaptation in development plans and programs. The article also serves as an introduction to the seven research articles of this special issue on climate change adaptation in developing countries. It is concluded that although many useful steps have been taken in the direction of ensuring adequate adaptation in developing countries, much work still remains to fully understand the drivers of past adaptation efforts, the need for future adaptation, and how to mainstream climate into general development policies.''BackgroundParasites from the genus Plasmodium, the aetiological agent of malaria in humans, can also infect non-human primates (NHP), increasing the potential risk of zoonotic transmission with its associated global public health concerns. In Colombia, there are no recent studies on Plasmodium spp. infecting free-ranging NHP. Thus, this study aimed to determine the diversity of Plasmodium species circulating in fragmented forests in central Colombia, both in Anopheles mosquitoes and in the four sympatric NHP in the region (Ateles hybridus, Cebus versicolor, Alouatta seniculus and Aotus griseimembra), in order to evaluate the risk of infection to humans associated with the presence of sylvatic hosts and vectors infected with Plasmodium spp.MethodsOverall, there were collected 166 fecal samples and 25 blood samples from NHP, and 442 individuals of Anopheles spp. DNA extraction, nested PCR using mitochondrial (cox3 gene) and ribosomal (18S rDNA) primers, electrophoresis and sequencing were conducted in order to identify Plasmodium spp. from the samples.ResultsPlasmodium falciparum was detected in two fecal samples of Alouatta seniculus, while Plasmodium vivax/simium infected Ateles hybridus, Cebus versicolor and Alouatta seniculus. Co-infections with P. vivax/simium and Plasmodium malariae/brasilianum were found in three individuals. The highest prevalence from blood samples was found for Plasmodium malariae/brasilianum in two Alouatta seniculus while Plasmodium vivax/simium was most prevalent in fecal samples, infecting four individuals of Alouatta seniculus. Seven Anopheles species were identified in the study site: Anopheles (Anopheles) punctimacula, Anopheles (An.) malefactor, Anopheles (Nyssorhynchus) oswaldoi, Anopheles (Nys.) triannulatus, Anopheles (An.) neomaculipalpus, Anopheles (Nys.) braziliensis and Anopheles (Nys.) nuneztovari. Infection with P. vivax/simium was found in An. nuneztovari, An. neomaculipalpus, and An. triannulatus. Furthermore, An. oswaldoi and An. triannulatus were found infected with P. malariae/brasilianum. The effect of fragmentation and distance to the nearest town measured in five forests with different degrees of fragmentation was not statistically significant on the prevalence of Plasmodium in NHP, but forest fragmentation did have an effect on the Minimum Infection Rate (MIR) in Anopheles mosquitoes.ConclusionsThe presence of Plasmodium spp. in NHP and Anopheles spp. in fragmented forests in Colombia has important epidemiological implications in the interface and the associated risk of malaria transmission.''Acoustic waves have a remarkable ability to transfer energy from the ground up to the uppermost layers of the atmosphere. On the ground, there are many permanent sources of infrasound, and also pulsed and/or sporadic sources (e.g., sea waves, infrasonic and sonic noise of cities, lightning, earthquakes, explosions, etc.). The infrasonic waves carry away the major part of their energy upwards through the atmosphere. What are the consequences of the upward energy transfer? What heights of the atmosphere are supplied by energy from various sources of an infrasonic wave? In most cases, the answers to these questions are not well known at present. The only opportunity to monitor the propagation of an infrasonic wave to high altitudes is to watch for its influence on the ionospheric plasma. Unfortunately, most of standard equipment for ionospheric sounding, as a rule, cannot detect plasma fluctuations in the infrasonic range. Besides, the form of an infrasonic wave strongly varies during propagation due to nonlinear effects. However, the development of the Doppler method of radiosounding of the ionosphere has enabled progress to be made. Simultaneously, the ionospheric method for sensing aboveground and underground explosions has been developed. Its main advantage is the remote observation of an explosion in the near field zone by means of short radio waves, i.e., the radio sounding of the ionosphere directly above the explosion. The theory of propagation of an acoustic pulse produced by an explosion on the ground up to ionospheric heights has been developed better than the theory for other sources, and has been quantitatively confirmed by experiments. A review of some advances in the area of infrasound investigations at ionospheric heights is given and some current problems are presented.''This paper offers a technical and geopolitical reappraisal of a macro-engineering proposal to plumb freshwater, siphoning some of it from a region of surplus (Amazon River Basin) to a region of shortage (arid northern Africa) via his positively buoyant (subsurface floating) seabed-anchored Transatlantic Freshwater Aqueduct. Two different routes for the pipeline, of length 4,317 and respectively, have been considered. Pipe diameters larger than are necessary for low pumping power (i.e., less than Using a bundle of smaller size pipes instead of a larger single pipe might overcome technical difficulties but the advantage of simplifying the construction technology might be exceeded by the disadvantage of consuming more power in operation. To keep the number of pumping stations reasonably small (i.e. fewer than 20) a single pipe of diameter higher than (or bundles of smaller diameter pipes) is required. The Atlantic Ocean currents may be used to provide the necessary power for pumps. The available power possibly provided by the North Brazil Current ranges between 2 and 9 GW. The North Equatorial Current may provide less than 0.3 GW power while the North Equatorial Counter Current provides the largest power availability, ranging between 2 and about 100 GW. A rough cost estimate of the project is about 20,600 GUSD and 18,400 GUSD, respectively, for two pipeline routes.''Multi-century climate simulations obtained with the GISS atmospheric general circulation model coupled to the hybrid-isopycnic ocean model HYCOM are described. Greenhouse gas concentrations are held fixed in these experiments to investigate the coupled ability to reproduce the major features of climate with minimal drift. Emphasis is placed on the realism of the oceanic general circulation and its effect on exchange processes. Several model runs using different closures for turbulent vertical exchange as well as improvements to reduce vertical numerical diffusion are compared with climate observations. As in previous studies, the Southern Ocean emerges as the Achilles Heel of the ocean model; deficiencies in its physical representation had far-reaching consequences in early experiments with the coupled model and have provided the strongest impetus for model improvement. The overarching goal of this work is to add diversity to the pool of ocean models available for climate prediction and thereby reduce biases that may stand in the way of assessing climate prediction uncertainty.'Abstract not available'This study analyses the perceptions of Zoque indigenous men and women of changes in climate variability, indicated by rainfall and temperature records from the region. Peasant farmers perceive decreases in rainfall and increases in temperature as these factors are related to modifications in the corn planting season and the introduction of crops which were usually only found in hot regions. The climate changes in the zone are attributed to vegetation loss and the eruption of the volcano in 1982. The Zoque perception is structured according to cultural and individual experience, tied to agriculture and the annual weather calendar. The volcanic eruption offers a significant chronological reference point in order to explain different environmental transformations, such as climate, within Zoque territory. Perception is the mental picture of local climate variability changes and the responses in seasonal agriculture modifications, utilizing individual and cultural experiences which are vulnerable to economic and environmental change.''Broadleaf-Korean pine forests exhibit high species richness and distinctive species composition, which are currently becoming more dominant among natural forests in Changbai Mountains of north-eastern China. Understanding the ecological process of restored vegetation is quite important for ecosystem reconstruction. Distinguishing stand development stages and analyzing the dynamic spatial patterns could provide insights into significant community coexistence mechanisms. In the present study, eight permanent study areas were established according to the substituting space for time method in Changbai Mountains of north-eastern China. The optimal division method was used to quantify the successional series into different stand development stages, and the point pattern analysis method (L(r) function) was used to analyse the dynamic changes in spatial patterns and interspecific associations. Our results suggested that: (1) The stand development process was divided into five stages: the first three stages were poplar-birch secondary forests in different stages of recovery, the fourth stage was the spruce-fir mixed forest, and the last stage was the primary broadleaf-Korean pine forest; (2) The spatial pattern showed an aggregated distribution at a small scale and changed to a random distribution as the scale increased in poplar-birch secondary forests, but the spatial pattern appeared to be randomly distributed in spruce-fir mixed forest and broadleaf-Korean pine forest; (3) The interspecific associations between pioneer species and climax species changed from negative to positive among the different stand stages, and environmental resources were shared among these species. Interspecific differences in shade tolerance among the tree species were key determinants of forest dynamics and structure. Our study is vital to the understanding of the forest development; thus, the spatial change features should receive greater attention when forest management is being planned and restoration strategies are being developed for the Changbai Mountains.'' Freshening of high latitude surface waters can change the large-scale oceanic transport of heat and salt. Consequently, atmospheric and sea ice perturbations over the deep water production sites excite a large-scale response establishing an oceanic "teleconnection" with time scales of years to centuries. To study these feedbacks, a coupled atmosphere-ocean-sea ice model consisting of a two dimensional atmospheric energy and moisture balance model (EMBM) coupled to a thermodynamic sea ice model and an ocean general circulation model is utilised. The coupled model reproduces many aspects of the present oceanic circulation. We also investigate the climate impact of changes in fresh water balance during an ice age initiation. In this experiment part of the precipitation over continents is stored within continental ice sheets. During the buildup of ice sheets the oceanic stratification in the North Atlantic is weakened by a reduced continental run-off leading to an enhanced thermohaline circulation. Under these conditions salinity is redistributed such that deep water is more saline than under present conditions. Once the ice sheets built up, we simulate an ice age climate without net fresh water storage on the continents. In this case the coupled model reproduces the shallow and weak overturning cell, an ice edge advance insulating the upper ocean, and many other aspects of the glacial circulation.''Over the past 20 years, GPS collars have emerged as powerful tools for the study of nonhuman primate (hereafter, "primate") movement ecology. As the size and cost of GPS collars have decreased and performance has improved, it is timely to review the use and success of GPS collar deployments on primates to date. Here we compile data on deployments and performance of GPS collars by brand and examine how these relate to characteristics of the primate species and field contexts in which they were deployed. The compiled results of 179 GPS collar deployments across 17 species by 16 research teams show these technologies can provide advantages, particularly in adding to the quality, quantity, and temporal span of data collection. However, aspects of this technology still require substantial improvement in order to make deployment on many primate species pragmatic economically. In particular, current limitations regarding battery lifespan relative to collar weight, the efficacy of remote drop-off mechanisms, and the ability to remotely retrieve data need to be addressed before the technology is likely to be widely adopted. Moreover, despite the increasing utility of GPS collars in the field, they remain substantially more expensive than VHF collars and tracking via handheld GPS units, and cost considerations of GPS collars may limit sample sizes and thereby the strength of inferences. Still, the overall high quality and quantity of data obtained, combined with the reduced need for on-the-ground tracking by field personnel, may help defray the high equipment cost. We argue that primatologists armed with the information in this review have much to gain from the recent, substantial improvements in GPS collar technology.''Policy measures regarding adaptation to climate change include efforts to adjust socio-economic and ecologic systems. Colombia has undertaken various measures in terms of climate change mitigation and adaptation since becoming a party of the Kyoto protocol in 2001 and a party of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) in 1995. The first national communication to the UNFCCC stated how Colombian agriculture will be severely impacted under different emission scenarios and time frames. The analyses in this document further support that climate change will severely threaten the socioeconomics of Colombian agriculture. We first query national data sources to characterize the agricultural sector. We then use 17 Global Circulation Model (GCM) outputs to quantify how Colombian agricultural production may be affected by climate change, and show the expected changes to years under the A2 scenario of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Special Report on Emissions Scenarios (SRES-A2) and the overall trends in both precipitation and temperature to 2100. We then evaluate expected changes within different regions and measure the proportion of area affected within each distributional range. By 2050, climatic change in Colombia will likely impact 3.5 million people, of national GDP corresponding to agriculture, employment of of the population, agro-industries, supply chains, and food and nutritional security. If no adaptation measures are taken, of crops would be impacted in more than of their current areas of cultivation, with particularly severe impacts in high value perennial and exportable crops. Impacts also include soil degradation and organic matter losses in the Andes hillsides; likely flooding in the Caribbean and Pacific coasts; niche losses for coffee, fruit, cocoa, and bananas; changes in prevalence of pests and diseases; and increases in the vulnerabilities of non-technically developed smallholders. There is, however, still time to change the current levels of vulnerability if a multidisciplinary focus (i.e., agronomic, economic, and social) in vulnerable sectors is undertaken. Each sub-sector and the Government need to invest in: (1) data collection, (2) detailed, regionally-based impact assessments, (3) research and development, and (4) extension and technology transfer. Support to vulnerable smallholders should be given by the state in the form of agricultural insurance systems contextualized under the phenomenon of climate change. A national coordination scheme led by (but not restricted to) the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (MADR) with the contributions of national and international institutions is needed to address agricultural adaptation.''Amazonian plant management is perhaps nowhere as intense as in homegardens and swiddens. A quantitative ethnobotanical study was conducted in Indigenous Territory and National Park Bolivia, to investigate plant use and management in homegardens and swiddens by local and Trinitario ethnic groups. Ethnobotanical data of plants were obtained from 11 and 11 Trinitario participants through semistructured interviews. A total of 151 different cultivated or tolerated species was recorded, accounting for 21% of all inventoried plants considered useful to local and Trinitarios. The local use value of managed plants is almost twice that of wild plants. Managed plants score particularly higher than wild plants for medicinal, food and material applications. Most managed plants are herbs, followed by trees and shrubs. Nevertheless, managed trees have significantly higher overall use values than all other life forms. Managed trees tend to be particularly more appreciated as sources of food and materials, whereas herbaceous plants generally have a higher therapeutic value. Our results support observations made in literature that moderately humanized landscapes, and homegardens and swiddens in particular, are an important source of food and healing for forest people. Although people generally start managing plants in homegardens and swiddens because of their perceived usefulness, they are also favourable locations to experiment with the usefulness of (managed or wild) plants prevailing there. This particularly accounts for medicinal plants and it is argued that the use of managed plants in traditional medicine relates to (1) the high intensity of contact with theses species, and (2) their chemical defence strategy. To conclude, a number of policy recommendations are presented.''The geographical patterns of tree species richness in forest communities have been studied widely, but little is known about the geographical variation of the estimated species richness and minimum areas using species-area curves. A differential technique based on the species-area relationships (SAR) was developed for estimating the minimum area (Amin) capturing of the species in each plot, which is an important characteristic of a forest community. The relationship between estimated species richness (ESR) from the SAR and the corresponding minimum area is described by the linear model ESR = (R2 = 0.98, p < 0.0001). Both the ESR and the minimum area exhibit similar geographical variations with a significant increase along altitudinal and a decrease along latitudinal gradients. The spatial variations of the ESR were partitioned into three geographical components and their combined effects. Altitude accounted for 40% and 45% of the total variation in the ESR and the minimum area, respectively. While latitude accounted for 69% and 61% of the total variation in the ESR and the minimum area, respectively. Thus, latitude is the main determinant which influences the geographical variation of the ESR. As far as we know, this study presents the first report of the geographical patterns of the minimum area in temperate forests.''Testate amoebae are an abundant and diverse polyphyletic group of shelled protozoa living in aquatic to moist habitats ranging from estuaries to lakes, rivers, wetlands, soils, litter, and moss habitats. Owing to the preservation of shells in sediments, testate amoebae are useful proxy indicators complementary to long-established indicators such as pollen and spores or macrofossils. Their primary use to date has been for inferring past moisture conditions and climate in ombrotrophic peatlands and, to a lesser extent, to infer pH in peatlands and the trophic or nutrient status of lakes. Recent research on these organisms suggests other possible uses in paleoecology and ecology such as sea-level reconstruction in estuarine environments, as indicators of soil or air pollution, and monitoring recovery of peatland. We review the past and present use of testate amoebae, the challenges in current research, and provide some ideas on future research directions.'' We compared foraging behavior of foliage-gleaning birds of the boreal forest of two Palaearctic (central Siberia and European Russia) and two Nearctic (Mackenzie and Ontario, Canada) sites. Using discriminant function analysis on paired sites we were able to distinguish foliage-gleaning species from the Nearctic and Palaearctic with few misclassifications. The two variables that most consistently distinguished species of the two avifaunas were the percentage use of conifer foliage and the percentage use of all foliage. Nearctic foliage-gleaner assemblages had more species that foraged predominantly from coniferous foliage and displayed a greater tendency to forage from foliage, both coniferous and broad-leafed, rather than twigs, branches, or other substrates. The greater specialization on foliage and, in particular, conifer foliage by New World canopy foliage insectivores is consistent with previously proposed hypotheses regarding the role of Pleistocene vegetation history on ecological generalization of Eurasian species. Boreal forest, composed primarily of spruce and pine, was widespread in eastern North America, whereas pockets of forest were scattered in Eurasia (mostly the mountains of southern Europe and Asia). This may have affected the populations of birds directly or indirectly through reduction in the diversity and abundance of defoliating outbreak insects. Loss of habitat and resources may have selected against ecological specialization on these habitats and resources.''While some reports that capuchins crack nuts or hard-shelled fruit to eat have already been presented, it has been unknown whether such behavior is only one of the varied feeding habits of capuchins or if it is also a behavior adaptive to their habitats, a behavior which requires the use of hands and mastering of skill related to tool-using behavior. On a border of La Macarena National Park in Colombia, the authors minutely observed the feeding behavior of the black-capped capuchin, in which the monkey skillfully fed on the albumen of the fruit of cumare, a kind of cocoid palm-fruit, using two different methods, according to the degree of ripeness of the fruit. The characteristic behavior developed by the black-capped capuchin while eating the fruit of cumare could be fixed as one of the higher level adaptive behaviors of the animal to his habitat.''A growing dilemma is how to conserve Amazonian forest while allowing local people to secure their livelihoods. Small-scale swidden farming in Amazonia is entirely dependent on the continued provision of ecosystem services (ES) that generate the conditions for agriculture. This study identified soil-related ES needed for, and enhanced by, productive swidden systems from the perspective. Workshops in six farming communities in northeastern Peru discussed various land uses, swidden systems that continue to be productive, and swidden systems on degraded land. The participating farmers noted changes in their production systems and described the ES (or lack thereof) in terms of soil quality, crop production quantity and quality, burning practices, forest regeneration, and farming skill. The central elements described in own strategies for managing soil-related ES were fallow management for biomass production and crop diversity, factors identified as central to future ES management work in established agricultural areas in Amazonia.''Canavalia llanorum (subgenus Wenderothia) from the northwestern Llanos region of Colombia and Venezuela (Orinoquia) is described and illustrated, and its morphological relationship with an allied species is discussed. The new species is morphologically related to C. bicarinata, but it differs mainly by its legumes having only one extra medium rib (vs. two ribs in C. bicarinata), and by its leaflets elliptic-ovate or obovate (vs. ovate). We also discuss the phylogenetic position of C. llanorum and present geographical and ecological information about the new species.''Rainfall-induced landslides constitute a major cause of damage and fatalities throughout the intramontane basins of the Andes. The geological and climatic setting plays a key role in the generation of a high number of landslides in this area. For this reason, a greater understanding of the relationship between landslide frequency and climate conditions is necessary to mitigate human and economic losses. Accordingly, this paper presents an analysis of rainfall variables associated with a series of dated landslides (153 in total) in the southern Ecuador basin of Loja. This analysis was performed by applying an affordable empirical method that enables the calculation of critical rainfall threshold (CRT) curves. This calculation is based on an in-depth examination of rainfall parameters, such as cumulative precipitation and mean intensity, linked to a wide range of rainfall duration (from 1 to The inspection of these parameters was addressed considering their frequency, which was calculated by using partial duration series (PDS), taking into account the entire rainfall record. This work has revealed that only 24% of landslides were triggered by rainfall conditions with maximum return periods greater than whereas the rest did not exceed that return period. After finding the best correlation between the maximum return periods and the maximum mean intensity, a minimum power law function was adjusted to the CRT curve that correlates duration and cumulative rainfall. The values for this CRT function resulted in 5.14 and 0.83 for its scaling constant and shape parameter respectively. In addition, a spectral analysis was conducted to detect climatic cycles on the entire rainfall record. In general, a clear correlation could not be established between climatic frequencies and significant rainfall events inducing landslides, although similarly return periods were found for a critical rainfall event of March 2015 (10.4 years) and the SUNSPOT cycles (10.5-12 years). The results derived from this research are significantly valuable for the prevention of future mass-movements, although additional data will be crucial to update and calibrate CRT curves to study the influence of climate on landslide event frequency and magnitude in Loja.''In Ecuador, DINAGE (known today as the Servicio Nacional) and the German Federal Institute for Geosciences and Natural Resources have discovered a huge allophane deposit covering an area of >4000 km2. This study presents the results from an investigation of a 16-m thick vertical sequence from this deposit, supposedly the weathering product of two different volcanic ash deposits. In particular, the distribution of alkali metals within the uppermost layer indicates that the weathering process is still ongoing.According to the mineralogical composition, an allophane-rich layer (allophane facies) could be distinguished from the underlying halloysite-rich layer (halloysite facies). A 2-m thick transition zone is characterized by the presence of gibbsite and intermediate specific surface area values. Only a few imogolite fibers could be identified (by scanning electron microscopy), indicating the dominance of allophane over imogolite in the allophane facies. Single allophane particles were investigated by atomic force microscopy, though this method was less accurate than transmission electron microscopy with respect to the determination of the primary particle diameter. Carbon isotope analysis (14C) suggested an age of y for the allophane layer.Within the allophane facies, a 4-m thick layer occurs containing wt.% allophane with an N2-BET specific surface area of >300 m2/g. Based on infrared and energy-dispersive X-ray diffraction measurements, an Al/Si ratio of was established for this allophane, which is between Al-rich and Si-rich allophane. The allophane layer may be of economic value due to the large allophane content, the small amount of organic matter, and the significant thickness of the deposit.''Dacryodes caparuensis, D. decidua, D. froesiana,D. oblongifolia, D. oblongipetala,D. obovata, D. ramosa,D. spatulata, D. sudyungasensis, and D. villosa are described and illustrated. While presenting diverse morphologies, all are lowland species of Amazonia and the Guianas, with the exception of D. sudyungasensis from montane forests on the eastern slopes of the Andes in Bolivia. The descriptions of most of these species are based on few collections. The decision to proceed with the publication of a long-accumulating backlog of novel taxa is based on two factors making it doubtful that additional material of these species will be seen in the near future. First, Dacryodes species are usually rare where they occur, moreover they are usually large trees whose flowers and fruits are difficult to see and access. Second, there has been an alarming decrease in botanical exploration, while the urgency of documenting flora especially undescribed diversity has only increased.''The palm (Attalea phalerata) is widespread in Bolivia and is an economically valuable species as a source of vegetable oil. In Bolivia it is utilized as construction material, food, medicine, cosmetic, and edible oil. Oil extracted from the kernel of dry weight) is high in lauric and myristic oils and compares favorably with other tropical oil crops. The palms reach reproductive maturity in years and potential oil production from cultivated stands is 1.1-2.4 tons/ha/yr.'"The atmosphere is part of the environment with which the human organism is permanently confronted. Epidemiological research investigates the occurrence of effects on morbidity and mortality due to heat, cold, air pollution and changes in the weather. Concentrating on aspects of the environment relevant for medical questions, three major complexes of effects can be discriminated: the complex conditions of heat exchange, the direct biological effects of solar radiation, and air pollution. Biometeorological knowledge can serve to assess the atmospheric environment, and can also be of help in the field of preventive planning, to conserve and develop the climate as a natural resource with regard to man's health, well-being and performance."'In sustainability science, interdisciplinarity, i.e., the integration of perspectives from different disciplines, is built collectively from interactions among researchers of various disciplines but also results from the fact that researchers have backgrounds in multiple disciplines We applied social network analysis tools to analyze how individual interdisciplinarity influences collective interdisciplinarity, using the case of a forest sustainability science group. We hypothesized that researchers with higher individual interdisciplinarity had more interdisciplinary interactions and were interdisciplinary brokers within the group. We first analyzed individual interdisciplinarity using a bipartite network of researchers and disciplines. We then analyzed networks of management, research, and publication interactions among researchers in the research group. This showed how disciplines influenced interactions and how researchers contributed to interdisciplinary interactions and brokerage. Results of the first analysis identified large disciplinary communities in the center of the bipartite network, whereas smaller ones were more distant. The second analysis highlighted disciplinary homophily in interaction networks, as two researchers interacted more if they were from the same disciplinary community. Results also showed that the interactions among researchers were structured not only by disciplinary homophily, but also by other forms of homophily related to location or region of work. The key brokers of interactions across disciplinary communities were distributed across several communities, showing that brokerage was not controlled by the large, dominant communities. Analysis of correlations between individual interdisciplinarity and contributions to collective interdisciplinarity did not support our hypothesis but rather hinted at the alternative hypothesis that researchers with high individual interdisciplinarity interacted less with other disciplinary communities.''Few longitudinal studies link agricultural biodiversity, land use and food access in rural landscapes. In this paper, we test the hypothesis that, in a context of economic change, cash crop expansion is associated with deforestation, reduced agrobiodiversity and changes in food access. For this purpose, we analysed data collected from the same 53 upland and floodplain mestizo households in Ucayali, Peru, in 2000 and 2015. We found an emerging transition towards less diversified food access coupled with loss of forest cover and reduced agricultural biodiversity. In 2015, diets appeared to rely on fewer food groups, fewer food items, and on products increasingly purchased in the market compared to 2000. Wild fruits and plants were mentioned, but rarely consumed. Agricultural production systems became more specialised with a shift towards commercial crops. Peak deforestation years in the 15-year period appeared linked with incentives for agricultural expansion. Our results suggest an overall trend from diversified productive and systems and more diverse food access, towards specialized productive systems, with less diverse food access and stronger market orientation (both in production and consumption). The assumption in the food and agricultural sciences that increased income and market-orientation is linked to improved food security, is challenged by our integrated analyses of food access, agrobiodiversity, land use and forest cover. Our results highlight the importance of longitudinal, multidimensional, systemic analyses, with major implications for land use, food and health policies. The potential risks of parallel homogenisation of diets and agricultural production systems require interdisciplinary research and policies that promote integrated landscape approaches for sustainable and inclusive food systems.''Above- and below-ground organisms are closely linked, but how elevational distribution pattern of soil microbes shifting across the treeline still remains unknown. Sampling of 140 plots with transect, we herein investigated soil bacterial distribution pattern from a temperate forest up to a subalpine meadow along an elevational gradient using Illumina sequencing. Our results revealed distinct elevational patterns of bacterial diversity above and below the treeline in responding to changes in soil conditions: a hollow elevational pattern in the forest (correlated with soil temperature, pH, and C:N ratio) and a significantly decreasing pattern in the meadow (correlated with soil pH, and available phosphorus). The bacterial community structure was also distinct between the forest and meadow, relating to soil pH in the forest and soil temperature in the meadow. Soil bacteria did not follow the distribution pattern of herb diversity, but bacterial community structure could be predicted by herb community composition. These results suggest that plant communities have an important influence on soil characteristics, and thus change the elevational distribution of soil bacteria. Our findings are useful for future assessments of climate change impacts on microbial community.''BackgroundConsidering the lack of research over this region the Statistical Downscaling Model (SDSM) was used as a tool for downscaling meteorological data statistically over four representative regions in the eastern side of Colombia. Data from the two Global Climate Models CanESM2 and IPSL-CM5A-MR, which are part of the CMIP5-project have been used to project future maximum and minimum temperature, precipitation and relative humidity for the periods and For both models, the Representative Concentration Pathways RCP2.6 and RCP8.5 were considered, representing two different possible future emission trajectories and radiative forcings. Predictor variables from the National Centre for Environmental Prediction (NCEP-DOE 2) reanalysis dataset, together with analyzed correlation coefficient (R) and root mean square error (RMSE) were used as performance indicators during the calibration and validation process.ResultsResults indicate that Maximum and minimum temperature is projected to increase for both Global Climate Models and both Representative Concentration Pathways; relative humidity shows a decreasing trend for all scenarios and all regions; and precipitation shows a slight decrease over three regions and an increase over the warmest region. As expected, the results of the simulation for the period show a more drastic change when compared to the baseline period of observations.ConclusionsThe SDSM model proves to be efficient in the downscaling of maximum/minimum temperature as well as relative humidity over the studied regions; while showing a lower performance for precipitation, agreeing with the results for other statistical downscaling studies. The results of the projections offer good information for the evaluation of possible future-case scenarios and decision-making management.''A new, biogeochemical model of ice age cycles is developed and applied which explains major features of climate variations in the late Quaternary ice age terminations, large glacial-interglacial amplitudes and 100-kyr cycles in a way consistent with the paleorecord. Existing models which invoke non-linear, ice-sheet-earth-crust dynamics to explain ice age cycles are not consistent with simultaneous terminations in both hemispheres and other phase relationships implied by the paleorecord. The present model relates climate change to oscillations of oceanic primary (new) production controlled by the availability of inorganic nitrogen. Large oscillations follow shelf erosion events triggered by small sea-level drops. These drops are due to glacial buildup associated with a minimum in Northern Hemisphere insolation. Rapid global warming at terminations is initiated by open ocean denitrification events leading to new production crashes and rapid modification of atmospheric trace gas concentrations (CO2, DMS, N2O). Other feedbacks of the land-ice-atmosphere-ocean system control the rest of the climate cycle. 100-kyr cycles derive from orbital pacemaking of the strong, low-frequency model response. Results suggest that the climate regime transition near 800 kyr B.P. may be related to changes in the continental shelf slope, that existing chronologies based on orbital tuning may need to be revised and that temporary increases in atmospheric N2O concentrations at terminations, due to the denitrification events, may have caused significant warming. A of elevated N2O concentration at terminations may be recorded in polar ice.''The Pampean Plains comprise a flat area of southeastern South America (SESA), encompassing the most populated and productive area of Argentina. Several floods and droughts have been reported in the region during the last affecting lakeshore villages. In spite of the well-known importance of monitoring hydrological systems in flood-risk areas, long series of instrumental limnimetric data are sparse in the Pampean Plains. Lake located in the center of this region, provides a valuable record of the annual lake-area oscillations from 1965 to 2015. In this study we analyze the lake area variability at different time-scales, from intra-annual to multi-annual, investigating the persistence and the frequencies of the series. Our results show that the lake area oscillates following a significant quasi-bidecadal periodicity. A secondary 13 years-frequency signal was detected since the 1970s, when a dramatic increase in Lake area occurred, associated with a shift to humid conditions in SESA. The analysis of meteorological series suggests that lake area variations are controlled by precipitation and evaporation with different time-lags. Further comparisons of the lake area fluctuations with climate indices from the Pacific and Atlantic oceans provide evidence of the link between the dynamic of lakes in the Pampean Plains and both large-scale climate circulation and low-frequency phenomena. These results confirm that a regular monitoring of these shallow lake systems and the analysis of high-resolution reliable data on inland water environments of the Pampean Plains is fundamental for anticipating their hydrological responses to forecasted climate changes.''The importance of ants for pollination in the dioeciousBorderea pyrenaica (Dioscoreaceae), a Tertiary palaeoendemic plant of the Pyrenees (NE Iberian Peninsula) was studied. The frequency of different visitors (ants, lady beetles, andDiptera) to staminate and pistillate flowers was quantified, and their effectiveness as pollinators was examined by means of fruit and seed set in selective experimental exclusions. Although ants were less abundant on flowers than other visitors, they were the most effective pollinators. Some qualitative factors of this mutualistic ant-plant interaction may account for their effectiveness: the small size of the ants, their high visitation rate to pistillate flowers, and the lack of reduction in viability of the pollen transported on the integument. In addition, the sedentary nature of ants assures their presence during the flowering period. The most abundant floral visitors ofB. pyrenaica were therefore not the most effective pollinators.'Abstract not available'The reproductive biology of Zeyheria montana was studied through field observations of flower visitors and floral events, controlled manual pollinations, and observations of pollen tube growth and ovule penetration by fluorescence microscopy. Analysis of secretory areas of the nectar chamber was made by flower dissections and histology of serial sections. The flower lasted days, but pollen exposure and stigma receptivity occurred only up to the end of the first and second days, respectively. Pollination was effected by several species of hummingbirds, especially Colibri serrirostris. The flowers present a rudimentary, non-functional disc, and secretion of nectar is performed by corolla-borne glandular trichomes. Only hand cross-pollinated and natural-pollinated flowers set fruits. Artificially self-pollinated and non-pollinated flowers dried off after anthesis without presenting any swelling of the ovary. Almost all the ovules in selfed and crossed pistils were penetrated 96 h after pollination. However, a delay in ovule penetration in self-pollinated pistils was verified, which indicates the occurrence of late-acting self-incompatibility.'Abstract not available'Palms are a natural resource that has been abundantly used by Amerindians for centuries. Only a few palm domestications have been reported in the American tropics, where there is great diversity of the Arecaceae family. We report the results of a survey combining ethnobotanical and ecological methods to study the past and present management and distribution of palms by the indigenous people from the Tambo river region in the Peruvian Amazon. Our objectives were to document palm-related traditional ecological knowledge, to examine correlation between palm abundance and management practices and social exchange of palm resources, and to address the question of how the have modified palm diversity and distribution in their territory. We found that most palm species have multiple uses; the most intensively managed were palms that provide thatch, notably Attalea phalerata, Oenocarpus mapora and Phytelephas macrocarpa. Of these, Attalea phalerata was the most commonly cultivated and was found only in cultivated stands. Our results have implications for understanding the domestication of Attalea weberbaueri, which is a landrace within the Attalea phalerata complex. A closer understanding of this process would require morphometric and genetic methods to compare wild and managed populations.''The three age-sex classes of rufous hummingbirds (Selasphorus rufus) that directly interact on southward migratory stopovers in our California study system differ in territorial ability and resource use. Immature males are behaviorally dominant to adult and immature females and defend the richest territories. Here, we test the hypothesis that the territorially subordinate age-sex classes compensate exploitatively for their exclusion from rich resources. Our results show that females were able to accumulate energy stores at rates comparable to males despite their subordinate territorial status. Territorial females gained body mass at the same rate and in the same pattern as males, and resumed migration at the same body masses. Moreover, during periods when birds were nonterritorial and used dispersed resources, adult and immature females maintained or gained body mass, whereas immature males lost mass. We suggest that females may be energetically compensated by (1) lower costs of flight incurred during foraging and defense, resulting from their lower wing disc loading, and (2) greater success at robbing nectar from rich male territories, resulting from duller coloration (immature females), experience (adult females), and, possibly, hormonal differences. In the future, experiments will be necessary to distinguish the various hypotheses about the mechanisms involved in compensation.''Common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) has become a cosmopolitan crop, but was originally domesticated in the Americas and has been grown in Latin America for several thousand years. Consequently an enormous diversity of bean nodulating bacteria have developed and in the centers of origin the predominant species in bean nodules is R. etli. In some areas of Latin America, inoculation, which normally promotes nodulation and nitrogen fixation is hampered by the prevalence of native strains. Many other species in addition to R. etli have been found in bean nodules in regions where bean has been introduced. Some of these species such as R. leguminosarum bv. phaseoli, R. gallicum bv. phaseoli and R. giardinii bv. phaseoli might have arisen by acquiring the phaseoli plasmid from R. etli. Others, like R. tropici, are well adapted to acid soils and high temperatures and are good inoculants for bean under these conditions. The large number of rhizobia species capable of nodulating bean supports that bean is a promiscuous host and a diversity of bean-rhizobia interactions exists. Large ranges of dinitrogen fixing capabilities have been documented among bean cultivars and commercial beans have the lowest values among legume crops. Knowledge on bean symbiosis is still incipient but could help to improve bean biological nitrogen fixation.'Abstract not available'Many fungi are pathogenic on plants and cause significant damage in agriculture and forestry. They are also part of the natural ecosystem and may play a role in regulating plant numbers/density. Morphological identification and analysis of plant pathogenic fungi, while important, is often hampered by the scarcity of discriminatory taxonomic characters and the endophytic or inconspicuous nature of these fungi. Molecular (DNA sequence) data for plant pathogenic fungi have emerged as key information for diagnostic and classification studies, although hampered in part by non-standard laboratory practices and analytical methods. To facilitate current and future research, this study provides phylogenetic synopses for 25 groups of plant pathogenic fungi in the Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Mucormycotina (Fungi), and Oomycota, using recent molecular data, up-to-date names, and the latest taxonomic insights. Lineage-specific laboratory protocols together with advice on their application, as well as general observations, are also provided. We hope to maintain updated backbone trees of these fungal lineages over time and to publish them jointly as new data emerge. Researchers of plant pathogenic fungi not covered by the present study are invited to join this future effort. Bipolaris, Botryosphaeriaceae, Botryosphaeria, Botrytis, Choanephora, Colletotrichum, Curvularia, Diaporthe, Diplodia, Dothiorella, Fusarium, Gilbertella, Lasiodiplodia, Mucor, Neofusicoccum, Pestalotiopsis, Phyllosticta, Phytophthora, Puccinia, Pyrenophora, Pythium, Rhizopus, Stagonosporopsis, Ustilago and Verticillium are dealt with in this paper.''Glacier recession is a globally occurring trend. Although a rich body of work has documented glacial response to climate warming, few studies have assessed vegetation cover change in recently deglaciated areas, especially using geospatial technologies. Here, vegetation change at two glacier forefronts in Glacier National Park, Montana, U.S.A. was quantified through remote sensing analysis, fieldwork validation, and statistical modeling. Specifically, we assessed the spatial and temporal patterns of landcover change at the two glacier forefronts in Glacier National Park and determined the role of selected biophysical terrain factors (elevation, slope, aspect, solar radiation, flow accumulation, topographic wetness index, and surficial geology) on vegetation change (from non-vegetated to vegetated cover) at the deglaciated areas. Landsat imagery of the study locations in 1991, 2003, and 2015 were classified and validated using visual interpretation. Model results revealed geographic differences in biophysical correlates of vegetation change between the study areas, suggesting that terrain variation is a key factor affecting spatial-temporal patterns of vegetation change. At Jackson Glacier forefront, increases in vegetation over some portion or all of the study period were negatively associated with elevation, slope angle, and consolidated bedrock. At Grinnell Glacier forefront, increases in vegetation associated negatively with elevation and positively with solar radiation. Integrated geospatial and field approaches to the study of vegetation change in recently deglaciated terrain are recommended to understand and monitor processes and patterns of ongoing habitat change in rapidly changing mountain environments.'Abstract not available'Typhoon no. 19 of 1991 (T9119) caused multiple treefalls and created large openings in an old-growth beech (Fagus crenata) forest at Mt. Daisen, in the Daisen Forest Reserve, southwestern Japan. The area of the largest opening was about 1.7 ha (300 m by 70 m). To predict the dynamics of the beech stand after the disturbance of T9119, we investigated the damage to the stand and the density and growth rate of trees with cm in a 1-ha plot covering a large part of the largest opening and the adjacent closed canopy.The beech did not regenerate immediately. The regeneration and growth rate of trees with cm were related to the frequency of the typhoon attack for at least the past century. In beech forests, small gap formation is the prevailing mode of disturbance. Our results indicate that typhoons affect the structure and dynamics of this beech stand. We suggest that both small gap formation and large-scale disturbance are important for the maintenance of beech forest in some areas.'macrocephala is a long-lived columnar cactus endemic to the Valley in south-central Mexico. This plant has a very restricted distribution and few recruitment events have been detected in its populations. In this study, we analyze the N. macrocephala demographic pattern using a projection matrix in order to determine the main limiting factors of this species. To accomplish this goal, we compare our results with those obtained for another species of the same genus, N. tetetzo. Considering that both species inhabit the same valley, we believe that this comparative study will offer insights into the main demographic limitations of N. macrocephala. Results showed that these species of columnar cacti have similar demographic patterns in which survival is the process with the highest relative contribution to followed by growth and reproduction. Of all the life cycle stages, seeds and seedlings have the lowest survival probabilities due to a high mortality caused by seed predation and effects of direct solar radiation on germinated seeds. The estimated growth rates indicate that populations of these species of Neobuxbaumia are in a numerical equilibrium. With respect to reproduction, N. macrocephala produce a lower number of seeds per plant than N. tetetzo. This low level of sexual reproduction may decrease the probability of establishment of new individuals in N. macrocephala populations. It is suggested that pollen limitation and pre-dispersal seed predation could be some factors that limit the distribution and abundance of this columnar cactus.''Episodisch auftretender Vulkanismus wie an Beispielen aus Europa, aus den USA und aus Brasilien gezeigt wird, die Bildung von Sedimenten, die reich an organischer Substanz sind und Erdgasmuttergesteine). Beispiele aus Europa sind: unterkarbonische Oil-Shale Group, Schottland; oberkarbonische Steinkohle, W-Deutschland; oberjurassischer Kimmeridge Shale, Nordsee-Raum; unterkretazischer NW-Deutschland; und Rheingraben. Beispiele aus den USA sind oberdevonische/unterkarbonische Gas-Shales, USA; permische Phosphoria-Formation, mittlere Rocky Mountains; mittelkretazischer Mowry-Shale, Rocky Mountains; Green River Shale, Rocky Mountains; und Monterey Shale, Kalifornien. Aus Brasilien sind permischer Irati Oil Shale und Paraiba-Valley Oil Shale beschrieben. Der Vulkanismus sich der Sedimentation vor allen durch: (1) Exhalation von SO2 und/oder CO2, (2) Einwehung vulkanischer Asche, (3) Schaffung anoxischer und Konservierung der organischen Substanz und (4) halmyrolytische Umwandlung der vulkanischen Aschen in Tone (Montmorillonit).''We tested two approaches to forecast species distributions while balancing the impact of climate change against the inertia promoted by other influential factors that have been forecast as not changing. Given that mountain species are presumed to be more at risk due to climate warming, we selected an amphibian, a reptile, a bird, and a mammal species present in the Spanish mountains, to model their distributional response to climate change during this century. The climatic forecasts were made according to the general circulation models CGCM2 and ECHAM4 and to the A2 and B2 emission scenarios. We modelled the response of the species to spatial, topographic, human, and climatic variables separately. In our first approach, we compared each of these single-factor models using the Akaike Information Criterion, and produced a combined model weighting each factor (spatial, topographic, human, and climatic) according to Akaike weights. This procedure overestimated the best model, and the other factors were neglected in the combined model output. In our second approach, we produced a combined model using stepwise selection of the variables previously selected within each factor. In this way every factor was effectively represented in the combined explanatory model of the distributional response of the species to environmental conditions. This enabled the construction of models that combined climate with the other explanatory factors, to be later extrapolated to the future by replacing current climatic and human values with those expected from each emission and socio-economic scenario, while preserving spatial and topographic variables in the model.''Butterfly species lists were assembled for 18 Great Basin mountain ranges for which distributional data on mammals and birds have been analysed previously by other workers. The ranges represent remnant islands of the boreal habitat that once was continuous across the Great Basin but is now restricted to higher elevations as a result of climatic change at the close of the Pleistocene. The effects of biogeographic factors (area, distance, elevation) and habitat diversity on butterfly species number were examined. The Great Basin boreal butterfly faunas were found to be depauperate overall relative that of the principal mainland source, the Rocky Mountains, and were found to have fewer species than predicted by the mainland species-area data. However, only a weak area effect, and no distance effect, was detected by bivariate and multivariate analysis. Furthermore, the habitat diversity score found to explain virtually all the variation in bird species number in the same ranges in previous studies is only marginally significantly correlated with butterflies. When the butterflies are subdivided according to their vagility, the relative differences in the species-area correlation and slope (z-value) between the vagility categories were consistent with those found previously for mammals and birds, and, as predicted by theory, less vagile taxa exhibit higher species-area correlations and z-values. Overall, differences in the insular biogeography of buttterflies and vertebrates seem to reflect fundamental ecological differences between the taxa.'Abstract not available'A field survey/collection trip to Bolivia was carried out in 1994 in order to examine the present status of the leguminous tuber/root crop Pachyrhizus ahipa. The germplasm available prior to the field trip was very limited, only one accession of known origin and two of unknown origin were available for genetic analysis and agronomic evaluation. However, in order to ensure that information on cultivation practices, genetic variation and the need for conservation initiatives would become available to the biosystematic Yam Bean Project (funded by the EU/STD3 Programme), a detailed questionnaire was developed and used in the survey. The field trip succeeded in establishing the urgent need for conservation measurements, the considerable genetic variation available within the extant landraces, and the objectives of any future breeding programme. This species possesses numerous agronomically attractive traits.'"The distinction between the context ofdiscovery and the context of justificationrestricts philosophy of science to the rationalreconstruction of theories, and characterizesscientific discovery as rare, theoreticalupheavals that defy rational reconstruction. Kuhnian challenges to the two contextsdistinction show that non-rational elementspersist in the justification of theories, butgo no further to provide a positive account ofdiscovery. A gradualist theory of discoverydeveloped in this paper shows, with supportfrom ecological cases, that discoveries areroutinely made in ecology by extending modelsto new domains, or by making additions toearlier models. The logic of discovery isphilosophically accessible once it isappreciated that model truth is presumed, evenif counterfactually, in ecologists' applicationof models. A gradualist view shows thatmodels' heuristic power routinely leads todiscoveries."'Salt licks are key places for the ecological dynamics of wildlife communities around the world and are locations where animals develop geophagical behaviours. Geophagy is a method for animals to supplement their diets or facilitate their digestive processes and is related to the health of individuals and populations. This study characterises a series of salt licks located in the Colombian Amazon foothills and describes their structural, mineralogical and physicochemical properties, as well as the fauna that visit these locations. The results are analysed in reference to the geological characteristics of the study area and in relation to the role of the salt lick in the nutritional ecology of the Amazonian fauna. Located in the study area are two types of salt licks that are significantly different in composition. These salt licks are located in an area where young geological materials have been exposed. The characteristics of the salt licks supports the hypothesis that they are used to solve nutritional problems that result from herbivorous diets. The clear importance of salt licks in the ecology of several Amazonian animal species emphasises the need to prioritise conservation areas by maximising the complementarities of salt lick sites.''Land-use type under different topographic conditions and human activities affects soil development. We investigated the effects of land-use, topography and human activity on soil classification changes in the Toshan watershed in northern Iran. Seven representative pedons derived from loess parent materials were studied on different land-uses and topographic positions. The studied pedons in forest (FO) on backslopes and footslope were classified as Calcic Haploxeralfs and Typic Haploxeralfs, respectively. The soils in abandoned lands (AB) and orchards (OR), where formerly under natural forests, located on the shoulder and backslopes positions were classified as Calcic Haploxeralfs and Vertic Haploxeralfs, respectively. Well-developed argillic horizons as indicators for higher degrees of soil evolution were observed in more-stable areas under the natural forest or less disturbed areas. Clay lessivage through these soil profiles have led to formation of Typic or Calcic Haploxeralfs, while under croplands (CP) were classified as Typic Calcixerepts. Conversion of sloping deforested areas to CP along with inappropriate management have accelerated soil erosion, resulting in unstable conditions in which decalcification and formation of developed soils cannot occur. Paddy cultivation in flat areas has caused to reduced conditions and formation of Typic Haplaquepts. Because of unfavorable conditions for chemical weathering (e.g. lower water retention compared to more-stable areas) no vermiculite was detected in the CP. The results showed that evolution and classification of the studied soils were strongly affected by land-use type, topography and management.'and morphological studies have begun to reexamine the taxonomy of the red howlers Alouatta seniculus which live throughout the northern and western Amazon basin, in the Guianas, and from northern Colombia and Venezuela, south to Bolivia. We briefly review the current state of knowledge of the taxonomy and distributions of red howlers, in particular, that of the Guianan subspecies. Recently, two names have been applied to populations from this region, Simia straminea Humboldt, 1812, and Alouatta macconnelli Elliot, 1910. Allen (1911, 1916) unquestioningly accepted the validity of A. macconnelli from the Guyana coast, but most subsequent taxonomic revisions (Cruz Lima, 1945; Cabrera, 1957; Husson, 1978) have synonymized it with S. straminea. Tate (1939) and Hill (1962) listed Alouatta seniculus macconnelli, but both doubted its validity. Nevertheless, recent cytogenetic and morphological studies, without due consideration of the taxonomic history of the two scientific names, have led to the resurrection of A. macconnelli, as distinct from S. straminea. The use of the name Alouatta macconnelli has evidently arisen from a cursory reading of Hill (1962) or an uncritical interpretation of his provisional subspecific distribution map or both. There are also contradictory interpretations of a reciprocal translocation as indicating that Simia straminea and Alouatta macconnelli are separate species (Bonvicino et al., 1995) or the same subspecies (Sampaio et al., 1996). Doubts about the type locality of Simia straminea Humboldt, 1812, as given by Hill (1962), led us to research its original description and to conclude that Simia straminea is a synonym of Alouatta caraya and therefore unavailable for Alouatta seniculus. Before A. macconnelli is accepted as the next available name for the Guianan red howlers, however, we advocate a thorough review of Guianan, Venezuelan, and Colombian red howler subspeciation, with due consideration for the taxonomic status of Mycetes auratus and Mycetes laniger Gray, 1845. We note that Alouatta guariba (Humboldt, 1812) is a senior synonym of Alouatta fusca (Saint-Hilaire,'Ecological engineers have important effects on biodiversity because they often increase habitat complexity and moderate environmental conditions, implying that their influence on associated fauna will vary across gradients of environmental stress. To test this, we quantified the positive effects of mussel beds on associated benthic communities around the entire South African coastline We hypothesised that molluscan assemblages would show stronger affinities to the presence of mussel beds with increasing levels of heat-stress. Biomimetic loggers used to characterise thermal properties within and outside mussel beds found that solitary mussels experienced significantly greater daily maximum temperatures than mussels within beds across all locations. However, the magnitude of such differences did not appear to vary with latitude or time of year but rather was strongly influenced by biogeographic region. Differences in the abundance, diversity and community structure of molluscs within and outside mussel beds showed similar biogeographic variability, with differences in total molluscan abundances being most pronounced along the cool temperate west coast during summer and least pronounced along the warm temperate south coast during winter. Greater affinity of molluscan assemblages for mussel beds within cooler biogeographic regions suggests that evolutionary history and/or other abiotic factors may be the primary cause for the stronger influence of mussel beds on the west coast. This highlights the complex, context-dependant nature of ecosystem engineering and the varying degrees to which associated organisms affiliate with these biogenic structures. Such findings have important implications for the use of ecosystem engineers as umbrella species in ecological conservation.''In Hebei Province of North China, forest was recovered with natural recruitment in plantations with large area of clear-cutting Chinese pine (Pinus tabuliformis). This study was aimed to demonstrate the dynamic characteristics of recruits during the natural recruitment. Both plot survey and the spatial point-pattern analysis were performed. Five developmental stages of natural recruitment were selected and studied, including 1 year before and 2, 5, 8, and 11 years after clear-cutting. Different slope aspects were also included. Natural recruitment was always dominated by Chinese pine with a proportion of higher than 90%. For plots of 1 year before clear-cutting on east- and north-facing slopes, recruit densities were 7886 and 5036 stems/hm2, the average heights were 0.78 and 1.06 m, and the average diameters at breast height (DBH) were 3.21 and 2.91 cm, respectively. After clear-cutting, recruit density was initially increased, then it was gradually declined with time; however, the variation of average DBH was contrary to that of recruit density. Both of them were no longer varied between 8 and 11 years after clear-cutting. The average height of recruits continued to increase after clear-cutting. For the plots of 11 years after clear-cutting on east- and north-facing slopes, average heights of recruits reached 2.00 and 2.24 m, respectively. The statuses of recruits on north-facing slopes were better than those on east-facing slopes after clear-cutting. Meanwhile, recruits on east-facing slopes were always aggregated at small scales, while spatial pattern of recruits varied with time on north-facing slopes. Moreover, forest was recovered more quickly by natural recruitment than by artificial afforestation after clear-cutting. The structural diversity was higher in naturally regenerated forests than in plantations of the same age. Our results demonstrated that clear-cutting of Chinese pine plantations recovered by natural recruitment has the potential to be an effective approach for establishing multifunctional forest.'are ecosystem engineers that have an impact on community structure by creating patches in the landscape mosaic. Our aim was to study the effect of evergreen-trees, as landscape modulators, on herbaceous plants in a Mediterranean maquis system in northern Israel. We examined the effects of canopy removal and cattle grazing on species richness, plant functional types, and rare plant species in two patch-types: (1) tree canopy (or the location of a removed canopy); (2) open areas with no tree canopy. Patch-type and tree removal affected species richness and plant functional types. The extreme negative effect of the woody patch-type on species richness disappeared soon after the removal of the landscape modulator canopy. We conclude that the dominant effect of the evergreen woody landscape modulators can be regulated by canopy removal and grazing for maintaining patch-type and landscape diversities, and consequent high species richness in Mediterranean ecosystems, which is a main goal of global nature conservation policy.''We tested two hypotheses about boundary units and seven about environmental control of species diversity in order to explain geographical trends in the richness of amphibian species in the Mediterranean watershed of the southern coast of the Iberian Peninsula. The number of amphibian species tends to decrease from west to east. The longitudinal trend in the richness of amphibian species actually occurs on passing from one basin to another, but there is not any longitudinal trend within the basins. Multivariate analyses confirmed that the disturbances of episodic river-basin floodings were the principal factor which controls the richness of amphibian species. They explained 94.8% of the observed variations in the richness of amphibian species in this area, according to the intermediate disturbance hypothesis.We propose hydrographic basins as suitable geographical units for further biogeographical analysis and for considering the role of disturbances produced by floods in the environmental control of species diversity.''The harlequin ladybird, Harmonia axyridis (Pallas) (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae), is native to Asia but has been intentionally introduced to many countries as a biological control agent of pest insects. In numerous countries, however, it has been introduced unintentionally. The dramatic spread of H. axyridis within many countries has been met with considerable trepidation. It is a generalist top predator, able to thrive in many habitats and across wide climatic conditions. It poses a threat to biodiversity, particularly aphidophagous insects, through competition and predation, and in many countries adverse effects have been reported on other species, particularly coccinellids. However, the patterns are not consistent around the world and seem to be affected by many factors including landscape and climate. Research on H. axyridis has provided detailed insights into invasion biology from broad patterns and processes to approaches in surveillance and monitoring. An impressive number of studies on this alien species have provided mechanistic evidence alongside models explaining large-scale patterns and processes. The involvement of citizens in monitoring this species in a number of countries around the world is inspiring and has provided data on scales that would be otherwise unachievable. Harmonia axyridis has successfully been used as a model invasive alien species and has been the inspiration for global collaborations at various scales. There is considerable scope to expand the research and associated collaborations, particularly to increase the breadth of parallel studies conducted in the native and invaded regions. Indeed a qualitative comparison of biological traits across the native and invaded range suggests that there are differences which ultimately could influence the population dynamics of this invader. Here we provide an overview of the invasion history and ecology of H. axyridis globally with consideration of future research perspectives. We reflect broadly on the contributions of such research to our understanding of invasion biology while also informing policy and people.''Sustainable management for existing Amazonian forests requires an extensive knowledge about the limits of ecosystem nutrient cycles. Therefore, symbiotic nitrogen (N2) fixation of legumes was investigated in a periodically flooded forest of the central Amazon floodplain over two hydrological cycles (20 months) using the 15N natural abundance method. No seasonal variation in 15N abundance values) in trees which would suggest differences in N2 fixation rates between the terrestrial and the aquatic phase was found. Estimations of the percentage of N derived from atmosphere (%Ndfa) for the nodulated legumes with Neptunia oleracea on the one side and Teramnus volubilis on the other resulted in mean %Ndfa values between 9 and 66%, respectively. More than half of the nodulated legume species had %Ndfa values above 45%. These relatively high N gains are important for the nodulated legumes during the whole hydrological cycle. With a %Ndfa of for the entire forest, N2 fixation is important for the ecosystem and therefore, has to be taken into consideration for new sustainable land-use strategies in this area.''Soil organic matter (SOM) represents one of the largest reservoirs of carbon on the global scale. Thus, the temperature sensitivity of bulk SOM and of different SOM fractions is a key factor determining the response of the terrestrial carbon balance to climatic warming. We condense the available knowledge about the potential temperature sensitivity and the actual temperature sensitivity of decomposition in situ, which ultimately depends on substrate availability. We review and evaluate contradictory results of estimates of the temperature sensitivity of bulk SOM and of different SOM fractions. The contradictory results demonstrate a need to focus research on biological and physicochemical controls of SOM stabilisation and destabilisation processes as a basis for understanding strictly causal relationships and kinetic properties of key processes that determine pool sizes and turnover rates of functional SOM pools. The current understanding is that temperature sensitivity of SOM mineralisation is governed by the following factors: (1) the stability of SOM, (2) the substrate availability, which is determined by the balance between input of organic matter, stabilisation and mineralisation of SOM, (3) the physiology of the soil microflora, its efficiency in substrate utilisation and its temperature optima and (4) physicochemical controls of destabilisation and stabilisation processes, like pH and limitation of water, oxygen and nutrient supply. As soil microflora is functionally omnipotent and most SOM is of high age and stability, the temperature dependence of stable SOM pools is the central question that determines C stocks and stock changes under global warming.''The application of biochar (biomass-derived black carbon) to soil has been shown to improve crop yields, but the reasons for this are often not clearly demonstrated. Here, we studied the effect of a single application of 0, 8 and of biochar to a Colombian savanna Oxisol for under a maize-soybean rotation. Soil sampling to was carried out after maize harvest in all years but 2005, maize tissue samples were collected and crop biomass was measured at harvest. Maize grain yield did not significantly increase in the first year, but increases in the plots over the control were 28, 30 and 140% for 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively. The availability of nutrients such as Ca and Mg was greater with biochar, and crop tissue analyses showed that Ca and Mg were limiting in this system. Soil pH increased, and exchangeable acidity showed a decreasing trend with biochar application. We attribute the greater crop yield and nutrient uptake primarily to the greater available Ca and Mg in soil where biochar was applied.''In this article I critique Charles aboriginal overkill hypothesis, which states that Native Americans numbered 100 million or more in precolumbian North America, extensively humanized the landscape, and suppressed wildlife numbers, thus allowing wildlife browse to proliferate. By examining source use and pertinent information, I find that he makes four kinds of significant mistakes: exaggerations, failure to provide necessary data, errors of omission, and errors of logic. Through examples I illustrate that errors compromise his hypothesis. Kay uses Yellowstone National Park as his primary example of such a humanized area; in contrast, I suggest it is a relatively pristine area.''Key messageGrain amaranth is an underutilized crop with high nutritional quality from the Americas. Emerging genomic and biotechnological tools are becoming available that allow the integration of novel breeding techniques for rapid improvement of amaranth and other underutilized crops.AbstractOut of thousands of edible plants, only three wheat and the major food sources for a majority of people worldwide. While these crops provide high amounts of calories, they are low in protein and other essential nutrients. The dependence on only few crops, with often narrow genetic basis, leads to a high vulnerability of modern cropping systems to the predicted climate change and accompanying weather extremes. Broadening our food sources through the integration of so-called orphan crops can help to mitigate the effects of environmental change and improve qualitative food security. Thousands of traditional crops are known, but have received little attention in the last century and breeding efforts were limited. Amaranth is such an underutilized pseudocereal that is of particular interest because of its balanced amino acid and micronutrient profiles. Additionally, the C4 photosynthetic pathway and ability to withstand environmental stress make the crop a suitable choice for future agricultural systems. Despite the potential of amaranth, efforts of genetic improvement lag considerably behind those of major crops. The progress in novel breeding methods and molecular techniques developed in model plants and major crops allow a rapid improvement of underutilized crops. Here, we review the history of amaranth and recent advances in genomic tools and give a concrete perspective how novel breeding techniques can be implemented into breeding programs. Our perspectives are transferable to many underutilized crops. The implementation of these could improve the nutritional quality and climate resilience of future cropping systems.'"Fish is an important concentrator of mono-methyl mercury and the main route to human contamination. We compared fish Hg bioaccumulation (within similar weight ranges) in two Amazonian river habitats during high-water seasons. The Rio Madeira has been greatly impacted by agriculture, alluvial gold extraction, and a hydroelectric reservoir, whereas the Rio Negro is much less affected by these human activities. The species at the top of the food web, Hoplias malabaricus (piscivorous; 80-668 ng Hg/g) and Cichla spp. (piscivorous; ng Hg/g) showed the highest range of Hg concentrations. Nonpiscivorous species with comparable weight range, such as Potamorhina latior (detritivorous; ng Hg/g) and Myleus torquatus (herbivorous; ng Hg/g), had lower Hg concentrations. Triportheus elongatus (omnivorous; ng Hg/g), with the lowest weight range, also showed a low range of Hg concentrations. Despite the Rio Madeira's higher sediment load as well as environmental impacts (deforestation, agriculture, hydroelectric reservoir, and alluvial gold mining) on natural Hg release, fish Hg bioaccumulation was no different between the two river habitats for nonpiscivorous species. In this small observational study only the species at the top of the food web (M. torquatus, Cichla spp, T. elongatus) showed higher mean Hg concentrations in the Rio Madeira than the dominantly wilderness habitat of the Rio Negro."'NW Patagonia in Argentina has high potential for planting fast-growing exotic conifers, supported by its volcanic soils. Nonetheless, many aspects related to the effects of pine plantations on soil are still unknown. We aimed to evaluate the quality and erodibility of volcanic soils under the hypothesis that Pinus ponderosa plantations increase the quality and decrease the erosion rate of soils compared to degraded rangelands. Rainfall simulation experiments were performed in degraded rangeland soils and in pine plantations with none, partial and complete removal of fresh litter and duff layers. Results showed that rangeland soils were highly susceptible to water erosion. Sediment production in the rangeland varied between 144 and Loamy sand soils, poor in organic matter (OM) and without non-crystalline aluminosilicates, were the most erodible soils. The plantations improved soil quality, with positive changes in OM content and total and effective porosity, mainly in soils without non-crystalline materials. Soil erosion in pine plantations was negligible when fresh litter was either conserved or removed, with erosion rates as low as and respectively. Even when fresh litter and duff layers were totally removed, soil erosion rates in the pine plantations were lower than in the rangeland sites; however, this reduction was significant only for the most erodible soils. The high erodibility of volcanic soils and the low soil cover in overgrazed rangelands revealed the fragility of the soils in the study area. We show that pine plantations, an alternative land use of rangelands, improve some aspects of soil quality, provide a mulching effect through the litter layer and became a mean for controlling soil erosion.'Abstract not available"Climate warming is expected to advance treelines to higher elevations. However, empirical studies in diverse mountain ranges give evidence of both advancing alpine treelines as well as rather insignificant responses. In this context, we aim at investigating the sensitivity and responsiveness of the near-natural treeline ecotone in Rolwaling Himal, Nepal, to climate warming. We analysed population densities of tree species along the treeline ecotone from closed forest stands via the krummholz belt to alpine dwarf shrub heaths (3700-4200 m) at 50 plots in 2013 and 2014. We quantified species - environment relationships, i.e. the change of environmental conditions (e.g., nutrient and thermal deficits, plant interactions) across the ecotone by means of redundancy analyses, variation partitioning and distance-based Moran's eigenvector maps. In particular, we focus on explaining the high competitiveness of Rhododendron campanulatum forming a dense krummholz belt and on the implications for the responsiveness of Himalayan krummholz treelines to climate change. Results indicate that treeline trees in the ecotone show species-specific responses to the influence of environmental parameters, and that juvenile and adult tree responses are modulated by environmental constraints in differing intensity. Moreover, the species - environment relationships suggest that the investigated krummholz belt will largely prevent the upward migration of other tree species and thus constrain the future response of Himalayan krummholz treelines to climate warming."johnclarkii and G. hubbardiorum, two new species from the wet forests of northwestern and Amazonian Ecuador, are described and illustrated. In addition, the two subspecies of both G. speciosa and G. macarenensis are elevated to species, and the new combination Gustavia paucisperma is provided. A justification for these changes is presented.''Until recently, there has been no sense of a Tibetan prehistory. Beginning in the 1970s, however, Chinese archaeologists began to systematically explore the plateau, and began to draw an outline of the deep Tibetan past. The pace of research accelerated rapidly in the 1990s, which brought this outline into sharper focus. This paper reviews what is known of Tibetan prehistory until the seventh century A.D., when the Tibetan empire was established. Topics covered in this paper include a consideration of the antiquity of a human presence upon the plateau, changing adaptive strategies following the end of the glacial epoch, the advent of the Neolithic, and the emergence of social and political complexity. Despite significant advances in our knowledge of the Tibetan past, much work remains to be done before models of process can be examined in any detail.''During a surveillance programme on avian influenza in wild birds in the east of Colombia, of examined wild black-bellied whistling ducks (Dendrocygna autumnalis) were infected with undescribed Haemoproteus sp., which macrogametocytes possess one or several huge in largest diameter) conspicuous roundish vacuoles, a unique character of avian haemoproteids. This parasite is named Haemoproteus (Parahaemoproteus) macrovacuolatus and described here using data on the morphology of its gametocytes, host cells and sequences of the complete mitochondrial genome and cytochrome b fragments. Illustrations of blood stages of the new species and DNA sequence information are provided. The phylogenetic analysis identified a closely related lineage C033, reported in South Asian ducks belonging to Dendrocygna. We also found that all Haemoproteus lineages from Passeriformes conformed a monophyletic group. Whereas we cannot exclude that this pattern could be an artefact of the limited taxonomic sampling in non-passeriform birds, thus this finding is worthy of attention. This study adds to our knowledge of the phylogenetic relationships among species of avian haemoproteids and describes a new haemoparasite in a non-passerine host.'Abstract not available'The absence of a national soilclassification system for Nigeria hinderssuccessful agrotechnology transfer inparticular, and agricultural development ingeneral. A discussion of the role of indigenousknowledge in agricultural development showsthat indigenous knowledge of the soil can beintegrated with modern soil science to developa soil classification system for the country.Much as local knowledge is invaluable foradvancing scientific knowledge and vice versa,caution is given against overestimating therole of indigenous knowledge in developmentalactivities. It is important to encourage theproper integration of all knowledge systems increating new paradigms for sustainabledevelopment in Nigeria.''Participation has been widely touted as to a number of problems facing agroforestry research programs. It is not enough, however, to involve rural people as workers and informants in research endeavors defined by outsiders. A truly collaborative approach will depend upon our ability to broaden our definitions of research and participation, to accommodate a wide spectrum of land users and local knowledge, and to expand our repertoire of research methods. This paper presents a critique of facile approaches to participation, outlines a more inclusive framework for who participates on what terms, and reviews a variety of methods that address the complex realities of rural life and landscapes. The final section of the paper suggest a multi-institutional model that combines the complementary strengths of several types of organizations in participatory field research.''This study aimed to investigate the environmental impacts generated by the hydroelectric complex in the Madeira River, Brazilian Amazon, based on the perceptions of local fishers and fishery database, it focus attention on three main impacts: (i) on local fishery stocks; (ii) in fish fauna and (iii) on the aquatic ecosystems. The local fishers were selected through the approach for the application of semi-structured interviews. All the local fishers confirmed having perceived a decline in fishery productivity following the impounding of the Madeira River. Changes in the condition of the fish were also perceived by the local fishers, including exophthalmia (82%), a reduction in the weight or length of the fish (25%), and irregular breeding patterns (14%). In the case of impacts on the river, changes in the hydrological cycle were the process remembered most frequently (75%). The results elucidated a range of environmental impacts caused by the hydroelectric dams of the Madeira River.''BackgroundThe genus Ilex (Aquifoliaceae) has a near-cosmopolitan distribution in mesic habitats from tropical to temperate lowlands and in alpine forests. It has a high rate of hybridization and plastid capture, and comprises four geographically structured plastid groups. A previous study showed that the plastid rbcL gene, coding for the large subunit of Rubisco, has a particularly high rate of non-synonymous substitutions in Ilex, when compared with other plant lineages. This suggests a strong positive selection on rbcL, involved in yet unknown adaptations. We therefore investigated positive selection on rbcL in 240 Ilex sequences from across the global range.ResultsThe rbcL gene shows a much higher rate of positive selection in Ilex than in any other plant lineage studied so far species) by tests in both PAML and SLR. Most positively selected residues are on the surface of the folded large subunit, suggesting interaction with other subunits and associated chaperones, and coevolution between positively selected residues is prevalent, indicating compensatory mutations to recover molecular stability. Coevolution between positively selected sites to restore global stability is common.ConclusionsThis study has confirmed the predicted high incidence of positively selected residues in rbcL in Ilex, and shown that this is higher than in any other plant lineage studied so far. The causes and consequences of this high incidence are unclear, but it is probably associated with the similarly high incidence of hybridization and introgression in Ilex, even between distantly related lineages, resulting in large cytonuclear discordance in the phylogenies.''PurposeThe vertical patterns of soil carbon (C), nitrogen (N), and phosphorus (P) stoichiometry are still controversial, and relative contribution of their controlling factors also is rarely understood for the whole soil profile. This study aimed to assess the vertical variation of both C/N, N/P, C/P ratios and their determining factors along soil profiles in subalpine forests of the eastern Tibetan Plateau.Materials and methodsSoil samples at five depths and were collected from 132 forest sites to evaluate the vertical distribution of soil C/N, N/P, and C/P ratios. Eleven relevant environmental factors (e.g., altitude, latitude, longitude, soil pH, soil bulk density, relative stone contents, soil order, slope, position, forest type, and dominant tree species) were measured to examine their relative contribution on stoichiometric ratios within each soil layer using boosted regression tree (BRT) analysis.Results and discussionSoil C/N, N/P, and C/P ratios consistently decreased with increasing soil depth. BRT models accurately predicted the soil C/N, N/P, and C/P ratios in the upper four layers For soil C/N and N/P ratios, altitude associated with latitude had the highest contribution across five soil layers, while the contributions of soil pH and bulk density were significant within soil layers closer to the surface. Independently, soil bulk density and altitude were the most important factors of C/P ratios in and soil layers.ConclusionsThis study indicated that soil C/N/P stoichiometric ratios, and the relative importance of their controlling factors, shifted within soil profiles across Tibetan Plateau forests. Further research will be needed to understand the regulatory mechanism of soil stoichiometry and biogeochemistry in response to environmental change at whole soil profiles.''Two new species of Acalypha, A. neeana and A. machiensis, are described and illustrated based on Bolivian specimens. Comments on the systematics of related species are included.'aristatus, a new species from Panama, is described and illustrated. Among the species of the genusOrnithocephalus, it can be distinguished by the nonresupinate flowers, the sepals each provided with a flexuous awn half as long as the sepal itself, the porrect petals with revolute margins, the hastate lip with triangular-ovate, crose lateral lobes, the linear, acute midlobe, conduplicate and subreflexed at apex, and the dise with a bilobed, obreniform callus provided with a conical tuft of stiff hairs. A key to the species ofOrnithocephalus from Panama is provided.'montana, a new species from Colombia, is described and illustrated, and its relationships discussed. Two groups of species within the genus are characterized.'lacunata Kvitvik, a new species of subgen.Pharmacosycea sect.Pharmacosycea collected in the provinces of Carchi, Imbabura, and Pichincha in Ecuador, shows affinities to bothFicus macbridei Standl. andFicus tonduzii Standl. but differs distinctly in leaf and syconium characters.''Pilea carautae M. D. M. Vianna & R. J. V. Alves (Urticaceae) is described and illustrated. This new species is endemic to the Cabo Frio region in Rio de Janeiro State, Southeastern Brazil. P. carautae is considered threatened by IUCN standards due to its extremely restricted geographic area of occurrence.'Abstract not available'A recent review on exotic cervids concluded that deer introduced to Patagonia impacted habitat and native huemul deer Hippocamelus bisulcus. I evaluate these assertions and amend information about this South American case study. Categorizing deer along narrow characteristics may be too restrictive to allow accurate predictions about interactions. More effective is considering the magnitude of plasticity (behavioral, phenotypic, genetic). The dichotomy of native versus exotic deer masks situations where prevailing ecological conditions are far from such as absence of predators, and such results from artificial settings have limitations. Studies used to contrast effects on vegetation from exotic red deer (Cervus elaphus) versus native huemul did not analyze native deer and provided no data to support conclusions in the review. Huemul were concluded to have high trophic overlap with red deer whose diet, however, was determined in another habitat where the food item of supposed major overlap was absent, and suggesting that red deer might cause exploitation competition was not supported by cited data. There was no mention that huemul are foremost exposed to livestock rather than exotic deer. Concluding that exotic prey including red deer increase predator density resulting in increased predation of huemul (apparent competition), was not supported by cited studies. To the contrary, high-density puma (Puma concolor) could not prevent guanaco (Lama guanicoe) from increasing >13-fold, nor that huemul expanded into these sites. Not only were those studies opposite to conclusions in the review, but none had studied huemul nor predator population trends. Data from little known species like huemul should be used with reservations when aiming at generalizations.''The monotypePlagiolirion horsmannii has been re-collected from remnant forest of the Cauca valley in Colombia, 94 years after its last known collection. Examination of mature fruits and seed clearly establishes the phylogenetic affinities of the genus withEucharis, Caliphruria, andUrceolina and thus its placement in tribe Eucharideae of the Amaryllidaceae. A description of the genus and karyotype (2n=46) are provided.''BackgroundAntillean manatees (Trichechus manatus manatus) are large herbivorous aquatic mammals living in limited areas of South, Central and North America. As with other aquatic mammals, Antillean manatees can be infected by a variety of protozoan and metazoan parasites, some of them with zoonotic potential, which affect not only their welfare but also population health status. Therefore, we conducted the first epidemiological survey in Colombian free-ranging Antillean manatees to estimate their actual gastrointestinal parasite status.ResultsIn total, 69 faecal samples were collected from free-ranging individual manatees during ecology field studies in the rivers Carare and San Juan and in two associated wetlands in the Andean region of Colombia. Parasite diversity encompassed six different endoparasite species. The highest prevalence was found for protozoan infections with Eimeria nodulosa (47.8%) and Eimeria manatus-like species (type A, B; 43.4%), followed by Entamoeba sp. (14.49%) and Giardia sp. (1.4%) infections. In addition, infections with the trematode Chiorchis fabaceus were detected at a high prevalence (33.3%). Molecular characterization of sirenian Eimeria species led to the distinction of three species, E. nodulosa and two E. manatus-like species (type A, B). Phylogenetic analyses indicated a host-specific adaptation of sirenian Eimeria species as previously reported for Eimeria species from other mammalian hosts.ConclusionsThis study provides the first record of Antillean manatee infection with Giardia and Entamoeba species in Colombia, representing two important anthropozoonotic parasite genera. This survey should serve as a baseline investigation for future monitoring on parasitic zoonoses in this mammal and encourage for investigations on their impact on both public health and wild manatee welfare.'lewyana is an endangered endemic river turtle of Colombia. Using ten unlinked polymorphic microsatellite loci and a 691-bp-long DNA fragment corresponding to the more variable portion of the mitochondrial control region, we investigated genetic diversity and population structure throughout its range. Both neutral markers showed extremely low diversity and weak population differentiation. Our data indicate that the genetic history of P. lewyana has been impacted by multiple bottlenecks and population expansion since the Pleistocene. The observed differentiation pattern is most likely the result of historically low genetic variation resulting from restricted geographic range and aggravated by recent anthropogenically induced bottlenecks. Based on slight differences in allele frequencies among populations, we suggest that three regions should be treated as demographically independent Management Units in order to preserve maximal genetic diversity: (1) the Upper Magdalena River Basin, (2) the Lower Jorge River Basins, and (3) the River Basin. Among the Management Units, only low to moderate levels of gene flow were detected; these are largely unidirectional from Management Units 1 and 3 into Management Unit 2.''BMC Ecology announces the winning entries in its inaugural Ecology Image Competition, open to anyone affiliated with a research institute. The competition, which received more than 200 entries from international researchers at all career levels and a wide variety of scientific disciplines, was looking for striking visual interpretations of ecological processes. In this Editorial, our academic Section Editors and guest judge Dr Yan Wong explain what they found most appealing about their chosen winning entries, and highlight a few of the outstanding images that quite make it to the top prize.''It is surmised that domestication has reduced geneticvariability in the common bean (Phaseolusvulgaris L.). However, little is known about leaf anatomy responses to water stress in wild or domesticated forms ofP. vulgaris. In this study,anatomical variation was evaluated in watered and water stressed plants of wild and domesticated genotypes of P.vulgaris from Mexico, growing under greenhouse conditions. Five terminal leaflets of completely expanded leaves wereused to evaluate leaf area (LA) and theirmiddle-regions to evaluate leaf thickness (LT), and various anatomical features. Domesticated genotypes showed bigger LAthan that of the wild ones; there was an effect due to the origin of materials, LA being bigger in genotypes from warm and humid lands that those from dry and temperate ones. No differences were detected in LT among materials; however, in domesticated plants the palisadeparenchyma predominated over the spongy one, contrasting with thewild genotypes. Under drought conditions, stomatal abortion was observed in wild and domesticated genotypes, especially on theabaxial surface. We conclude that, in fact, there are contrasting differences in leaf anatomy among wild and domesticated forms of Mexican Phaseolus vulgaris. Results suggest that domestication not only favours the enlargement of the LA, but also an increase in palisade parenchyma, suggesting a divergence toward assimilation in domesticated forms, in contrast with a better internal gas diffusion in wild forms. Domestication seems to have accentuated stomatal abortion as means of a transpirational control mechanism to counteract the effects of drought.''Prehistoric human history on the Tibetan Plateau is a hotly debated topic. Archaeological research on the plateau during the past few decades has enormously improved our understanding of the topic and makes it possible for us to consider the processes and mechanisms of prehistoric human migration to the region. By reviewing the published archaeological research on the Tibetan Plateau, we propose that the first people on the plateau initially spread into the He-Huang region from the Chinese Loess Plateau, and then moved to the low elevation Northeastern Tibetan Plateau and perhaps subsequently to the entire plateau. This process consisted of four stages. (1) During the climatic amelioration of the Last Deglacial period ka BP), Upper Paleolithic hunter-gatherers with a developed microlithic technology first spread into the Northeastern Tibetan Plateau. (2) In the early-mid Holocene ka BP), Epipaleolithic microlithic hunter-gatherers were widely distributed on the northeastern plateau and spread southwards to the interior plateau, possibly with millet agriculture developed in the neighboring low elevation regions. (3) In the mid-late Holocene ka BP), Neolithic millet farmers spread into low elevation river valleys in the northeastern and southeastern plateau areas. (4) In the late Holocene ka BP), Bronze Age barley and wheat farmers further settled on the high elevation regions of the Tibetan Plateau, especially after 3.6 ka BP. Finally, we suggest that all of the reported Paleolithic sites earlier than the LGM on the Tibetan Plateau need further examination.'bataua is the seventh most abundant tree in the Amazon and one of the most used palms in the region. The main resource obtained from the species is the fruits that are harvested from wild populations for human consumption. Across its distribution area adults are most frequently felled to obtain the racemes, which may affect the populations. In this paper we studied the demography of two populations of Oenocarpus bataua to assess the harvest potential of its fruits and the density variation in different habitats in the western Amazon to estimate fruit yields in different forest types. Non-inundated lands held the greatest densities with an average of 11 adults adults The population finite growth rate in Amacayacu, Colombia, was 0.9103 because of slow growth and low survival of stemless individuals and low recruitment. On the contrary, in Ecuador, we found a growing population with According to our simulations, adult felling reduced transient population growth in both populations, especially when harvest was frequent even at low intensities. In Amacayacu a simulated harvest of of the fruits by climbing did not modify substantially, while in a regime of of annual harvest did not diminish below one and the initial number of adults. The results help to understand the demography of useful palms and to address sustainable management. For instance high yields can be obtained by shifting to non-destructive harvest techniques that can meet the increasing demand and maintain the populations.'"Frost damage on coffee plantations in south-central Brazil is not a frequent occurrence. However, when this area is affected by a severe frost as happened in August of 1975 the consequences for the agricultural economy of south-central Brazil and the socio-economic condition of the rural labourers are serious.In this paper the meteorological characteristics of a frost condition are outlined and their physiological effects upon coffee bushes are stated. A differentiation is made as to the timely occurrence of frosts and their effects on crops. If the frost hits during harvest time (April through June) the beans may be burned and a qualitative loss may ensure. If the frost occurs after the harvest, only the coffee bushes are affected and they may have recovered by the following agricultural year. The most devastating frosts are those that occur late in winter (August-September) because they kill the buds and the flowers so that next year's harvest will be lost.Coffee in south-central Brazil is usually grown on plantations of 10 to 100 ha, and 100 to 1000 ha. There has been a trend to expand the coffee growing area into Mato Grosso-Rondonia, while in the state of Parana, where frosts are more severe but the soils are better, coffee growing in large estates has intensified. Moreover, the introduction of new methods of planting and mechanization of the agricultural work have brought about an intensification of coffee production. Analysis of the improvements in cultivating pratices and of agricultural mechanization that these two processes have caused a drastic reduction in the demand for agricultural labourers. Added to this, the possibilities of rural employment have also been adversely affected by the trend among many coffee growers to introduce other crops into their estates in order to minimize their losses due to frost."'The native Theobroma cacao L. population from Ecuador, known as Nacional, is famous for its fine cocoa flavour. From the beginning of the twentieth century, however, it has been subjected to genetic erosion due principally to successive introductions of foreign germplasm whose hybrid descendants gradually replaced the native plantations, implying a decrease in cocoa quality. We attempted to trace this native cacao within a wide pool of modern Ecuadorian cacao population. Three hundred and twenty-two cacao accessions collected from different geographical areas along the pacific coast of Ecuador and maintained in two living collections were analysed using 40 simple-sequence repeat markers. Most of Ecuadorian cacao accessions displayed a high diversity and heterozygosity level. A factorial analysis of correspondence (FAC) showed a continuous variation among them, with a few ones, grouped at an extreme side of the FAC cloud, showing higher levels of homozygosity and lower introgression level by foreign cacaos. A paternity analysis revealed that these highly homozygous individuals are the most probable ancestors of the modern Nacional hybrid pool. These particular accessions studied could represent the native Nacional cacao present in Ecuador before the foreign introductions. Their identification will help to conserve valuable genetic material and to improve cocoa quality in new cacao varieties.''The genetic diversity among 10 wild populations of common bean var. aborigineus was analyzed by means of RAPD markers and morpho-agronomic data. The study was performed on populations collected from different sites located in the provinces of Jujuy, Salta and in northwestern Argentina. Ten quantitative traits and 33 random primers were scored. Clustering based on morpho-agronomic traits and RAPD markers generated similar phenograms that grouped bean populations based on their site of collection. The levels of diversity observed among populations were low suggesting they have a common ancestor. The levels of diversity shown by morpho-agronomic traits were higher compared to those of molecular markers, most probably due to the effect of the environment. Furthermore, a 480-bp DNA band identified a group of wild populations collected from similar sites. Breeding strategies need to exploit this diversity to broaden the genetic base of commercial beans to develop high yield cultivars.''Using amplified fragment length polymorphisms (AFLPs), we analyzed the genetic structure of wild and domesticated common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) from Mesoamerica at different geographical levels to test the hypothesis of asymmetric gene flow and investigate the origin of weedy populations. We showed both by phenetic and admixture population analyses that gene flow is about three- to four-fold higher from domesticated to wild populations than in the reverse direction. This result, combined with other work, points to a displacement of genetic diversity in wild populations due to gene flow from the domesticated populations. The weedy populations appear to be genetically intermediate between domesticated and wild populations, suggesting that they originated by hybridization between wild and domesticated types rather than by escape from cultivation. In addition, the domesticated bean races were genetically similar confirming a single domestication event for the Mesoamerican gene pool. Finally, the genetic diversity of the domesticated bean population showed a lower level of geographic structure in comparison to that of the wild populations.''In Chile Vasconcellea pubescens is cropped to produce canned fruit, juice, jam and processed sweets. Additionally this species produces latex with a high level of papain, an important and valuable proteolytic enzyme with industrial applications. In this investigation seven ISSR primers were used to study the level and organization of genetic diversity in 333 samples of V. pubescens. Out of the 114 bands recorded, 63 proved to be polymorphic At the species level, the genetic diversity was rather low Index The major portion of the genetic diversity was found within groups (65%). The genetic differentiation between the different groups was significant, as the AMOVA analysis suggested When analysing the Northern area alone, the differentiation increased to When only the Southern area was analysed, decreased to 0.18, indicating greater genetic similarity among the samples. The results generated from Structure and Bayesian Analysis of Population Structure distinguished 8 genetically different groups, five of them located in the north and three in the south. The results are discussed in the light of the practices.''The tick species recorded from Chile can be listed under the following headings: (1) endemic or established: Argas keiransi Venzal and A. neghmei Kohls and Hoogstraal; Ornithodoros amblus Chamberlin; Otobius megnini Amblyomma parvitarsum Neumann; A. tigrinum Koch; Ixodes auritulus Neumann; I. chilensis Kohls; I. cornuae Arthur, I. sigelos Keirans, Clifford and Corwin; I. stilesi Neumann; I. uriae White; Rhipicephalus sanguineus Koch. (2) Probably established or endemic: Argas miniatus Koch; Ornithodoros spheniscus Hoogstraal, Wassef, Hays and Keirans; Ixodes abrocomae Lahille; I. neuquenensis Ringuelet; I. pararicinus Keirans and Clifford. (3) Doubtfully established: Argas reflexus Fabricius; Ornithodoros talaje (4) Exotic: Amblyomma argentinae Neumann; A. latum Koch, Rhipicephalus (=Boophilus) microplus (Canestrini). (5) Erroneously identified as present in Chile: Amblyomma americanum (Linnaeus); A. maculatum Koch; A. varium Koch; Ixodes conepati Cooley and Kohls; I. frontalis (Panzer); I. ricinus (Linnaeus); Margaropus winthemi Karsch. (6) Nomina nuda: Argas reticulatus Gervais; Amblyomma inflatum Neumann; Ixodes lagotis Gervais. Hosts and localities (including new records) are presented. Argas neghmei, O. amblus, O. megnini, I. uriae and R. sanguineus may cause severe injury to their hosts, including humans. The Chilean Ixodes fauna is unique to the Neotropical Zoogeographic Region, and additional research is needed in order to understand the biological importance of these species.''Key messageWettinia phenology is influenced by temperature and the relative humidity, suggesting that the reproductive phenology can change in extreme climate event contexts, even in very humid unseasonal forests.AbstractWettinia maynensis is a piedmont palm tree whose ecology, phenology and responses to climate are yet unknown. In order to examine the reproductive biology of this species, we observed the flowering and fruiting performance of 101 adult palms in the Colonso Chalupas Biological Reserve in the Ecuadorian Piedmont, located between the Andean mountains and the Amazon. All individuals were monitored every 1 or during The inflorescences are infrafoliar with usually one central, large, pistillate and several lateral, centrifugally smaller, staminate inflorescences. Flowering took place throughout the year although staminate and pistillate inflorescences showed low synchrony towards the end of the year, 40% and 32%, respectively. Staminate inflorescences showed a negative strong relationship with relative humidity and a positive one with temperature. The infructescences exhibited high synchrony (80%) for almost Compared to other species of the genus, W. maynensis presented the lowest ratio of male/female inflorescences, the higher production of infructescences but lower number of fruits per year. Infructescences production per palm was between cero and 7, and the time elapsed between the fruit formation and its dehiscence was about Some palms were observed with simultaneously active pistillate and staminate inflorescences palms), therefore geitonogamy is not discarded. Wettinia maynensis inflorescences production and its correlation with relative humidity, hence with temperature, highlights that crucial changes could occur in the reproductive phenology of this species under future climate change scenarios affecting the population dynamics and then the community of piedmont forests.''The Pampean region covers a large surface in central Argentina, but despite the extensive agricultural activities and the high nutrient levels recorded in streams of the region, few authors have analysed the influence of land use on water quality. Here, we evaluated the relationships among catchment attributes (size, morphometry and land cover) and water chemistry in 23 Pampean streams in different seasons (autumn, spring and summer) and at three spatial scales: whole catchment and two scales of riparian buffers (200 and adjacent to both stream margins). Chloride concentration was positively related to catchment area and negatively related to drainage density. Nitrate level was strongly associated to cropland, but soluble phosphorus concentration showed no relationships with any type of land cover. Land cover at the buffer scale seemed to be more influential than land cover at the whole catchment for nitrogen concentration. The main impact of cropland was the increase of nitrate concentration, while cattle breeding was negatively associated to photosynthetically active radiation (PAR) in autumn and summer and to dissolved oxygen concentration in spring. Our results highlighted the importance of local land use and riparian conservation on streamwater quality.''C3 plant Reaumuria soongorica and C4 plant Salsola passerina are super xerophytes and coexist in a mixed community in either isolated or associated growth, and interspecific facilitation occurs in associated growth. In the present study, the root traits including root distribution, root length (RL), root surface area (RSA), root weight (RW) and specific root length (SRL) of both species in two growth forms were investigated to clarify their response to facilitation in associated growth. Six isolated plants of each species, as well as six associated plants similar in size and development were selected during the plant growing season, and their roots were excavated at and cm soil depths at the end of the growing season. All the roots of each plant were separated into the two categories of fine roots (<2 mm diameter) and coarse roots mm diameter). Root traits such as RL and RSA in the fine and coarse roots were obtained by the root analyzing system WinRHIZO. Most of the coarse roots in R. soongorica and S. passerina were distributed in the top 10 cm of the soil in both growth forms, whereas the fine roots of the two plant species were found mainly in the and cm soil depths in isolated growth, respectively. However, the fine roots of both species were mostly overlapped in cm soil depth in associated growth. The root/canopy ratios of both species reduced, whereas the ratios of their fine roots to coarse roots in RL increased, and both species had an increased SRL in the fine roots in associated growth. In addition, there was the increase in RL of fine roots and content of root N for S. passerina in associated growth. Taken together, the root growth of S. passerina was facilitated for water and nutrient exploration under the interaction of the overlapped roots in both species in associated growth, and higher SRL allowed both species to more effectively adapt to the infertile soil in the desert ecosystem.''Festuca L. has more than 600 perennial species described, which makes it the largest genus within the family Poaceae. In Brazil, only two native species of Festuca have been described, for which cytogenetic studies need to be strengthened: Festuca ulochaeta and Festuca fimbriata. The aim of this study was to characterize the karyotypes of F. ulochaeta and F. fimbriata based on the mapping of rDNA sites. The FISH was performed with 35S and 5S rDNA probes. Both species have 42 chromosomes, of which 36 were metacentric and six were submetacentric. Festuca fimbriata has two pairs of 35S rDNA sites, one located on the metacentric pair 4, in an interstitial position, and one at the submetacentric pair 14 in the proximal position. Festuca ulochaeta has one pair of 35S rDNA in interstitial-proximal position in the metacentric pair 3. Both species showed 5S rDNA sites only on chromosome pair 21 in the terminal position of the short arm. The analysis of the chromosomal characteristics indicates that these species have a symmetrical karyotype and allopolyploid origin.''Mapuche Indians have a long tradition of using edible wild resources. The people of Rams Argentina) consider themselves descendants of the Pehuenches, an Indian group that once inhabited the forest region. They now live in the steppe, far away from the forest. Our primary interests are how this community uses edible resources and in analyzing which plants are still utilized. We conducted an ethnobotanical study, which consisted in interviewing several Mapuche families and collecting plants with their help. Ecological variables of plant use, such as search cost, handling time, and nutritional content, were analyzed from the perspective of Optimal Foraging Theory. Our results indicate that the Rams inhabitants have a thorough understanding of their environment, expressed in a selective gathering of wild resources. Cost and benefit trade-offs seem to be considered when edible plants are collected.''The present study aims to explore the spatial distribution and trends in rainfall, its seasonality and erosivity between 1971 and 2015 over the Suketi river catchment of lower Himachal Himalayas in India. Daily rainfall recorded at three stations in the catchment have been used for the computation of rainfall seasonality and erosivity by employing non-parametric indices say seasonality index, precipitation concentration index and modified Fournier index. The distribution maps have been prepared by applying the kriging technique of geographic information system. The results have indicated remarkable spatial and temporal variability in rainfall as well as in its seasonality and erosivity. Largely, the pattern of rainfall has been found unimodal (single wet season) and more than 95% area of the catchment have witnessed a marked seasonality and prevalence of very severe rainfall erosivity. However, the long-term annual rainfall erosivity has revealed a statistically non-significant decreasing trend. The highest values of rainfall erosivity have been observed in the month of July followed by August, June and September with lower reaches being the most vulnerable one. We have witnessed an absolute relationship between annual rainfall and modified Fournier index indicating that the spatial distribution of annual rainfall erosivity is intensely controlled by annual rainfall depth. Finally, it is hoped that the results of this study will assist farmers, agronomists and policy makers in chalking out best management practices for reducing soil erosion vulnerability not only for the Suketi river catchment but also for other identical catchments of the lower Himachal Himalayas.''We have surveyed 15 high-altitude adaptation candidate genes for signals of positive selection in North Caucasian highlanders using targeted re-sequencing. A total of 49 unrelated Daghestani from three ethnic groups (Avars, Kubachians, and Laks) living in ancient villages located at around above sea level were chosen as the study population. Caucasian (Adygei living at sea level, and CEU (CEPH Utah residents with ancestry from northern and western Europe; were used as controls. Candidate genes were compared with 20 putatively neutral control regions resequenced in the same individuals. The regions of interest were amplified by long-PCR, pooled according to individual, indexed by adding an eight-nucleotide tag, and sequenced using the Illumina GAII platform. 1,066 SNPs were called using false discovery and false negative thresholds of ~6%. The neutral regions provided an empirical null distribution to compare with the candidate genes for signals of selection. Two genes stood out. In Laks, a non-synonymous variant within HIF1A already known to be associated with improvement in oxygen metabolism was rediscovered, and in Kubachians a cluster of 13 SNPs located in a conserved intronic region within EGLN1 showing high population differentiation was found. These variants illustrate both the common pathways of adaptation to high altitude in different populations and features specific to the Daghestani populations, showing how even a mildly hypoxic environment can lead to genetic adaptation.''The impacts of human activities on the bio-geophysical and socio-economic environment of the Himalayas are analysed. The main man-induced activities which have accelerated ecological degradation and threatened the equilibrium of Himalayan mountain ecosystems are stated as: unplanned land use, cultivation on steep slopes, overgrazing, major engineering activities, over-exploitation of village or community forests, lopping of broad leaved plant species, shifting cultivation (short cycle) in north-east India, tourism and recreation. Monoculture in forests, erosion and landslides have resulted in of the total Himalayan land area becoming environmentally derelict. Cold desert conditions prevail in 41,500 km2 of north-west Himalayas and are encouraged by traditional pasturalism. The geo-morphological conditions are major factors responsible for landslides which cause major havoc every year in the area. Other physical problems exist, such as eutrophication, drying up of the natural springs, the recession of the glaciers and changes in surface and ground water hydrology. Wild fauna, like musk deer (Moschus mischiferus) and the snow leopard (Panthera uncia), are now under threat partially due to changes in their habitat and the introduction of exotic plant species. Population pressure and migration are major factors responsible for poverty in the hills. The emigration of the working male population has resulted in the involvement of women as a major work-force. This work includes trekking for hours to collect fodder, timber and drinking water in addition to household duties. Guidelines, with special emphasis on the application of environmental impact assessments for the management of the Himalayas, are proposed.''A new coccidian species (Protozoa: Apicomplexa: Isospora) parasitizing the white-shouldered fire-eye Pyriglena leucoptera (Vieillot, 1818) is described in the Parque Nacional do Itatiaia. This park is a protected area in southeastern Brazil with a high degree of vulnerability, representing a of biodiversity. Isospora parnaitatiaiensis n. sp. has oocysts that are ellipsoidal, with smooth, bilayered wall, thick. Micropyle and oocyst residuum are absent, but one or two polar granules are present. Sporocysts are ellipsoidal, The Stieda body is nipple- to knob-like and sub-Stieda body rounded to rectangular. Sporocyst residuum is present, usually as a cluster of numerous granules. Sporozoites are vermiform with two refractile bodies and a nucleus. This is the second isosporoid coccidian described from antbirds (Thamnophilidae).''Assessing small mammal diversity is a common procedure, which usually employs widespread standard techniques, for gathering information for a wide range of studies. Traditional methods, however, may be biased against capturing arboreal marsupials, such as Dromiciops gliroides, an endemic marsupial currently considered a rare species in the Patagonian temperate rainforest due to the low abundances reported previously. I tested a new capturing methodology to assess the small mammal diversity of an old-growth forest in Patagonia, based on a randomized and balanced design, which incorporated a combination of different trap types, bait types, and placement heights. The proposed methodology included four trap types (two for live-capturing: wire-mesh and Sherman traps, and two sign-recording traps for tracks and hair), two types of bait (banana and rolled oats), and two trap placements (ground level and m above the ground). Trap type, bait type, and height of placement all had significantly different effects on capturing and detecting rodents or marsupials; environmental variables at the trap location also affected the ability to detect rodents and marsupials. Traditional methods used for sampling small mammals performed well for rodents but are not effective for capturing marsupials and vice versa, showing species-specific sampling protocols. There is no single combination of trap-bait-height capable to assess the entire small mammal community, but the combination of the most effective protocol for rodents and the most effective protocol for marsupials guarantee better results.''In the present study, sequences of the mtDNA control region were analyzed from 337 specimens of Prochilodus nigricans from sites along the main channel of the Amazonas River and three major tributaries, Madeira, Purus, and The results of the analysis of molecular variance revealed that a large part of the genetic variation occurred within the populations analyzed Analysis with SAMOVA and Barriers suggested that the upper Madeira River and Purus Rivers had diverged genetically from the other samples, indicating restricted gene flow among these areas, while sites within the remaining range exhibited relatively little population structure. The high degree of structuring observed in the Madeira River basin population may be attributed to the presence of rapids along its upper course, while the genetic divergence found in the upper Purus River suggests historical connection between the upper Purus and upper Madeira Rivers followed by slow genetic drift due to large effective population sizes. However, given the life history and hypothesized evolutionary strategy of this species, we urge caution in interpreting that this targeted species is not at risk of overexploitation due to contemporary abundance. In order to preserve genetic diversity, we recommend enforcement of management regimes for regional stocks.''The history of hypogean fish research has been strongly influenced by neo-Lamarckism (including orthogenesis) and typological thinking. Only in the last few decades neo-Darwinism has made any inroads in the research approach to this subject. The majority of the most distinguished and productive hypogean fish researchers have used their research subjects to confirm their own views on evolution rather than to use those subjects as a spring of knowledge to enrich mainstream biological thought. Of these views, I found that the most perversive of all is the notion of evolutionary that has led many researchers to envision hypogean fishes as prime examples of evolution. I propose that the utilization of hypogean fishes for the study of convergent evolution should catapult these subjects of research into prime objects of evolutionary ideas.''In recent years, global changes are the major causes of frequent, widespread outbreaks of pests in mosaic landscapes, which have received substantial attention worldwide. We collected data on global changes (landscape and climate) and economic damage caused by six main insect pests during in China. Landscape changes had significant effects on all six insect pests. Pest damage increased significantly with increasing arable land area in agricultural landscapes. However, climate changes had no effect on damage caused by pests, except for the rice leaf roller (Cnaphalocrocis medinalis Guenee) and armyworm (Mythimna separate (Walker)), which caused less damage to crops with increasing mean temperature. Our results indicate that there is slight evidence of possible offset effects of climate changes on the increasing damage from these two agricultural pests. Landscape changes have caused serious outbreaks of several species, which suggests the possibility of the use of landscape design for the control of pest populations through habitat rearrangement. Landscape manipulation may be used as a green method to achieve sustainable pest management with minimal use of insecticides and herbicides.''Climate change and habitat modification both alter thermal environments and species distributions. However, these drivers of global change are rarely studied together, even though many species are experiencing climate change and habitat modification simultaneously. Here we review existing literature and propose avenues for merging the largely disparate lines of climate and landscape ecological research using temperature exposure and thermal sensitivity as a shared framework. The integration of research on climate and landscape change is in the early stages and lags behind research focused solely on the ecological effects of climate change. Recent studies highlight important mismatches between the resolution of widely used climate datasets and ecological processes, which can be addressed through detailed mapping of thermal landscapes and the microclimates within them. Furthermore, the thermal niches of species, evolved under past climates, can predict the responses of species to changing microclimates associated with habitat modification; this suggests that microclimates and thermal niches may together act as a common filter, reassembling communities in response to both climate and landscape change. There is a need to further integrate microclimate and thermal niche data into landscape ecological research to advance our basic understanding of the combined effects of landscape and climate change and to provide actionable data for climate adaptation strategies that largely focus on activities at landscape scales.''Growth rate, resource partitioning, and several biological traits related to biological N2 fixation for six native or non-native tree species were compared using 15N isotope dilution techniques. The trees were field grown for six years in a semiarid mediterranean-climate region with five to six months a year of absolute drought. Trees were tested as candidates for new agroforestry systems being developed in central Chile to improve soil fertility and land while also increasing productivity and profitability for landowners and animal breeders. Four nitrogen-fixing legume trees (NFTs) were tested: Acacia caven (Mol.) Mol.Prosopis alba Griseb., P. chilensis (Mol.) Steuntz. emend. Burk., and Tagasaste ( Chamaecytisus proliferus L.f. subsp. palmensis (Christ.)Kunkel). Additional, non-nitrogen-fixing trees were the slow-growing native (Schinus polygamus (Cav.) Caberera and the fast-growing European Ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.). Among the NFTs, highly contrasting patterns in biological nitrogen fixation (BNF) were detected, for Ndfa (proportion of N derived from atmosphere), nodule efficiency (NE = gN fixed nodules), and N content in leaves, stems and roots. Tagasaste produced times more biomass and fixed 4.5 to 30 times more atmospheric nitrogen than the South American Acacia and Prosopis species. Ndfa reached 250 g in Tagastaste, in the sixth year, with NE = maximum 2.68 in the 4th year, and 1.12 in the 6th year. In contrast, Acacia caven had by far the highest NE of the four NFTs 12.13 in the 4th year and 6.6 in the 6th year. Whereas BNF in Tagasaste peaked in the fourth year, and declined thereafter, BNF in Acacia caven increased steadily over six years. Fraxinus excelsiorand Schinus polygamus had growth rates and biomass accumulation intermediate between that of Tagasaste and the South American NFTs.Results are discussed in relation to agroforestry, restoration of soil fertility, and ecological and economic rehabilitation of damaged ecosystems and landscapes.'"BackgroundAmong the cereal crops, barley is the species with the greatest adaptability to a wide range of environments. To determine the level and structure of genetic diversity in barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) landraces from the central highlands of Ethiopia, we have examined the molecular variation at seven nuclear microsatellite loci.ResultsA total of 106 landrace populations were sampled in the two growing seasons (Meher and Belg; the long and short rainy seasons, respectively), across three districts (Ankober, Mojanawadera and Tarmaber), and within each district along an altitudinal gradient (from 1,798 to 3,324 m a.s.l). Overall, although significant, the divergence (e.g. FST) is very low between seasons and geographical districts, while it is high between different classes of altitude. Selection for adaptation to different altitudes appears to be the main factor that has determined the observed clinal variation, along with population-size effects.ConclusionsOur data show that barley landraces from Ethiopia are constituted by highly variable local populations (farmer's fields) that have large within-population diversity. These landraces are also shown to be locally adapted, with the major driving force that has shaped their population structure being consistent with selection for adaptation along an altitudinal gradient. Overall, our study highlights the potential of such landraces as a source of useful alleles. Furthermore, these landraces also represent an ideal system to study the processes of adaptation and for the identification of genes and genomic regions that have adaptive roles in crop species."'The main elements of the international wheat improvement program of the Centro Internacional de Mejoramiento de y Trigo (CIMMYT), also known as the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center, have been shuttle breeding at two contrasting locations in Mexico, wide adaptation, durable rust and Septoria resistances, international multisite testing, and the appropriate use of genetic variation to enhance yield gains of subsequently produced lines. Such an approach yielded successes known collectively as the Green Revolution. However, at the beginning of the 21st century, this assembly approach needs fine tuning to address crop needs under increasingly adopted resource conserving practices, as well as those related to nutritional requirements of the end-users. International wheat improvement will therefore focus on the targeting of traits in respective mega-environments, and the use of participatory methods, especially in marginal environments. The main features of this wheat improvement strategy include the introduction of new and novel sources of genetic variation through wild species, landraces, and, potentially, the use of transgenes for intractable traits. This variation will be combined using international shuttle breeding, and increased breeding efficiency will be achieved through marker-aided methods, more targeted use of crop physiology, plant genetics, biostatistics, and bioinformatics. Likewise, CIMMYT will increase its focus on the needs of end-users by emphasizing regional efforts in participatory research and client-oriented plant breeding.''From Shen Herbal Classic (Shennong Bencao Jing) to the Compendium of Materia Medica (Bencao Gangmu) and the first scientific Nobel Prize for the mainland of China, each milestone in the historical process of the development of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) involves screening, testing and integrating. After thousands of years of inheritance and development, herbgenomics (bencaogenomics) has bridged the gap between TCM and international advanced omics studies, promoting the application of frontier technologies in TCM. It is a discipline that uncovers the genetic information and regulatory networks of herbs to clarify their molecular mechanism in the prevention and treatment of human diseases. The main theoretical system includes genomics, functional genomics, proteomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics, epigenomics, metagenomics, synthetic biology, pharmacogenomics of TCM, and bioinformatics, among other fields. Herbgenomics is mainly applicable to the study of medicinal model plants, genomic-assisted breeding, herbal synthetic biology, protection and utilization of gene resources, TCM quality evaluation and control, and TCM drug development. Such studies will accelerate the application of cutting-edge technologies, revitalize herbal research, and strongly promote the development and modernization of TCM.''Transcriptome analysis of a Cape gooseberry (Physalis peruviana) plant with leaf symptoms of a mild yellow mosaic typical of a viral disease revealed an infection with Potato virus X (PVX). The genome sequence of the PVX-Physalis isolate comprises 6435 nt and exhibits higher sequence similarity to members of the Eurasian group of PVX than to the American group Genome organization is similar to other PVX isolates with five open reading frames coding for proteins RdRp, TGBp1, TGBp2, TGBp3, and CP. and untranslated regions revealed all regulatory motifs typically found in PVX isolates. The PVX-Physalis genome is the only complete sequence available for a Potexvirus in Colombia and is a new addition to the restricted number of available sequences of PVX isolates infecting plant species different to potato.''Seed dispersal is known to play an important role in the ecology and evolution of plant communities, and there is ample evidence that seed dispersal by primates influences plant population dynamics in tropical forests directly. We used nonparametric statistical methods to estimate the dispersal kernels, i.e., the probability that a seed is moved a particular distance, generated by woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagothricha lugens) at a sub-Andean forest in Colombia and test the hypothesis that the time of feeding influences dispersal distances. We collected data on monkey ranging patterns with the aid of global positioning system (GPS) units and obtained information on gut retention times from behavioral follows to build a model based on the kernel density estimator. Woolly monkeys drop most seeds hundreds of meters from parent trees and only a small proportion of seeds within close proximity. The time of seed ingestion had a significant effect on dispersal kernels, with seeds from fruits consumed early in the day having a greater chance of landing farther away from the tree than seeds swallowed in the late afternoon. The results of this study build on previous findings suggesting that woolly monkeys have a positive effect on the fitness of plants, which may be exacerbated in mountain forests where the diversity of large frugivores is low.''Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Mill.) is sensitive to chilling stress during all stages of plant development. Genetic variation for chilling tolerance exists between cultivated tomato and its related wild species, but intra-specific variation has not been thoroughly investigated so far. Seedlings of 63 tomato accessions were evaluated under low temperature and two contrasting cultivars were identified for the trait: Albenga and San Marzano, the former being more chillingtolerant. To clarify the molecular mechanisms of chilling tolerance in tomato, changes in candidate gene expressions in the two tomato genotypes were analysed, using quantitative RT-PCR. Candidate genes were chosen among those known to be induced by chilling and/or with putative roles in CBF/DREB and ROS-mediated pathways. Results show that besides a CBF regulon, whose function is conserved, ROS and C2H2-type zinc finger protein-mediated cold signalling pathways were also involved in chilling tolerance. Under the chilling stress, the up-regulation of respective transcripts was consistently higher in the chilling-tolerant genotype than in the chilling-sensitive ones.''Phylogeographic perspectives incorporating multiple classes of characters, especially those relating to sexual signals, are promising for the elucidation of recent evolutionary mechanisms driving speciation. Here, forest frogs were used as a model system to access distinct stages in the process of evolutionary differentiation. We studied 280 individuals assigned to three species: Allobates paleovarzensis, A. nidicola and A. masniger. Samples were collected at 20 localities arranged in two study systems, along the middle Amazon and the lower Madeira Rivers, in Central Amazonia. Mantel tests, analyses of molecular variance, and the spatial distribution of haplogroups indicated that the distribution of genetic variability, as inferred from a mitochondrial DNA marker, was determined by a combination of isolation-by-distance effects and the transposition of large Amazonian rivers. These two factors had contrasting relative influences in each of the study systems, which also differed regarding the estimated time of the major cladogenetic events. Pronounced population genetic structure was observed. However, multivariate discriminant function analyses revealed that the phenotypic (morphological and acoustic) divergence was loosely related with genetic differentiation and did not successfully predict assignment of individuals to genetic groups. The observed distribution of genetic variability showed the important role of genetic drift in the diversification of the mitochondrial marker studied. The phenotypic conservatism among populations was surprising in view of the high genetic structuring observed, and indicates a prevailing role of stabilizing selective forces in the process of sexual signal and morphological differentiation.''In the last few years, studies about climate successions in Rio Grande do Sul State (southern Brazil) during the Quaternary increased significantly, mostly due to palynological studies. The knowledge about Quaternary small mammals from Rio Grande do Sul is very poor. However, among the results obtained by archeological research there is an interesting collection of small mammals exhumated from rock shelter deposits. Here we describe the marsupial fauna found in two sites: Garivaldino and Both sites are located at the boundary between two large Neotropical subregions, Chaco and Parana. Sediments from these two sites are from the early, middle, and part of the late Holocene. Additionally, we discuss paleobiogeographic, paleoenvironmental, and paleoclimatic aspects, on the basis of the seven taxa recorded: Gracilinanus microtarsus, G. agilis, Monodelphis americana, Thylamys velutinus, Thylamys cf. T. velutinus, Philander opossum, and Didelphis sp. Paleoenvironmental aspects inferred for both sites are consistent: the emergence of typical elements of the current Parana biogeographic subregion was probably established by the end of the early Holocene or the beginning of the middle Holocene. Conclusions are also coherent with the results previously obtained from palynological sequences in these same localities. The micro-marsupials sequence suggests that the environmental changes were not abrupt but gradual during the Holocene in Rio Grande do Sul State.''The use of participatory methods has become increasingly popular in agricultural research and development and natural resource management. A range of approaches are being used at the grassroots level in order to involve local citizens and groups in projects. Many of these activities remain peripheral and isolated from conventional development agencies and policies. However, recent efforts are evolving to link participatory approaches into wider planning and policy-making processes and to increase the influence of such methods in resource management initiatives. Main lessons from these innovative participatory experiences in addressing policy issues for sustainable development are summarized.''Genetic resistance has been used to control nematodes of some crops. There are many more published reports of resistance than of successful use of resistant cultivars for management of nematode populations. Possible explanations for this apparent discrepancy are explored in relation to making better use of naturally occurring genetic resistance in more crops. Analysis of the use of resistance emphasises that the extents of genetic variation in host crop and pest nematode populations are very important determinants of durable resistance. Single dominant resistant genes in pure line crops are likely to provide durable control only in unusual situations. Human impacts on plant genetic variation during the relatively recent domestication of crops and their current use in industrialised farming have also affected nematode variation. Moreover, the timeframe, spatial scales and likely nature of plant-nematode co-evolution in the longer period preceding domestication further emphasise the significance and extent of the genetic complexity of the interactions. It is important to take these factors into account during the identification of resistance sources and their exploitation through plant breeding.'of Forests and Plant Species in Indigenous Territory and National Park Bolivia. A quantitative ethnobotanical study was conducted in Indigenous Territory and National Park (TIPNIS), Bolivia, to assess the usefulness assigned by local and Trinitario ethnic groups to different terra firme and floodplain forests. Furthermore, we investigated which variables are good predictors for the use value attributed to plant species in the research area. Plants were collected during transect, walk-in-the-woods and homegarden sampling. Ethnobotanical and ethnoecological data of the inventoried plants were obtained from 12 and 14 Trinitario participants through semistructured interviews. On average, 84% of species in transects were claimed to be useful to people. The understorey of the sampled forest types contained more useful species than the overstorey particularly for species with a medicinal and/or social use function. The local use value of plant species can be predicted, in part, from their botanical family, growth form, density, frequency, mean and maximum dbh, and ecological importance value. Our data confirm the hypothesis that density and frequency of plants in the landscape are both related to perceived plant accessibility. Accessibility of plants partly seems to guide their usefulness in TIPNIS. Indigenous assessment of accessibility and abundance of plants also covaried with their perceived usefulness and therefore has a potential for uncovering patterns in the perceived utility of plants.''AbstractThe history of angiosperms resulted in a certain character of the distribution of the number of taxa belonging to different ranks (number of species and genera within a family, S/G ratio in families, and the number of species within a genus). In most cases, such distributions are satisfactorily described by a power law (a Pareto distribution). In logarithmic coordinates, the power function represents a straight line. Empirical curves coincide with this line fairly well, except for the right part of the graphs (the area of small-sized taxa), where empirical curves noticeably deviate from theoretical ones. This fact means that the volumes of small-sized taxa should be significantly larger to fit the theoretical curves properly. The performed modeling of the S/G ratio in families has shown a satisfactory correspondence between the observed and calculated number of species within a wide iteration range only when the dynamic factor of extinction was applied. An assumption has been made that a differentiated extinction of species took place in the course angiosperm evolution. In this case, the extinction rate should be minimal for genera with a large number of species. On the contrary, a decrease in the number of species per a genus may drastically (by orders) increase the extinction rate. As a result, large-sized genera become larger in size, while small-sized genera become smaller; the frequency distribution of species within genera changes according to the power law. The initial divergence in the number of taxa, which determines their further division into larger and smaller sizes, could be caused by the emergence and expansion of herbs characterized by better functional and adaptive potential.''In this paper I reexamine the Boserup model of agricultural intensification and archaeological reaction to it. Although causes have been extensively debated, little attention has been paid to process, and even those who reject the causal efficacy of population may adopt other aspects of the Boserup model. These include the assumption that intensification proceeds along a single course, characterized by gradual decreases in the frequency of cropping. I suggest that the course of intensification is complex and variable and that, only by breaking down the process of intensification into its component strategies, can we come to an understanding of both the causes and the courses of intensification.'Abstract not available'Cunoniaceae are represented in New Caledonia by some 90 species, all of them endemic, and the family is thus a significant element in this diverse island flora. We present a descriptive survey of floral biology for the seven genera present, covering floral structure and colour, inflorescence shape, sexual system and phenology, plus details of floral visitors, where known, based on field observations; individual records of potential pollinators are tabulated in appendices. The flowers are polysymmetric (or almost so) and provide nectar and/or pollen as floral rewards. Two genera are dioecious and some species are mass flowering. Generalist entomophily is associated with several floral syndromes although the introduction of Apis mellifera has partially obscured historic relationships between some Cunoniaceae and their insect-pollinators. Codia and Pancheria both have sweetly scented, often creamish, spherical capitula and their floral visitors include honey bees, beetles, flies and native bees, especially halictids. Spiraeanthemum and Hooglandia have small, often whitish flowers in paniculate inflorescences but data on potential pollinators are few. Racemes occur in Weinmannia (flowers white, apparently scentless) and Cunonia p.p. (flowers white, pink or reddish with a faint foetid odour); visitors are mostly honey bees, plus ants, butterflies and native bees, and occasionally birds in the case of two reddish-flowered species. Ornithophily occurs in Geissois (flowers red, scentless, in bottle-brush racemes) and Cunonia macrophylla (flowers yellow-green, in one-sided racemes); their floral visitors are commonly Meliphagidae plus some Psittacidae and Zosteropidae. Pteropodid bats are also occasional visitors to Geissois. Geckos have been reported as flower-visitors in two genera though their contribution to pollen transfer is likely to be sporadic at most. Topics that require further investigation include some details of floral biology and the floral cycle, and the possible adaptive significance of different inflorescence shapes. Unanswered questions include: What visits taxa with paniculate inflorescences?, and for all genera: Which types of floral visitor are the most efficient pollinators? For the family as a whole, generalist entomophily appears to be the ancestral mode of pollen transfer and morphological specialisations to ornithophily have occurred independently in two groups of species and possibly in a third. Our data on birds and geckos agree with a known trend for these types of floral visitation and pollination to be well developed on islands, and flower-visiting by lizards in New Caledonia is likely to be more common than has been documented so far, both in Cunoniaceae and in the flora as a whole.''A case study on the richness variation of vascular plant species along the climatic gradient from mountain foot (400 m asl) up to the summit (3,100 m) was carried out in Mt. Shennongjia of central China. The results show that climatic features such as mean annual temperature mean annual precipitation ( Y=235.48+82.663X, and frost-free day are linearly responding to the elevational increase. However the variation of species richness is not uniformly linearly correlated to the climatic gradients. From 400 m up to 1,000 m, the species number increases from 933 to 1718, with a increase rate of 126.18 species/100 m P<0.001). From 1,000 m up to the highest peak of 3,100 m, species richness gradually declines with a rate of 94.36 species/100 m P<0.001). This variation can be described by a cubic model, P<0.0001). Analysis calls for further study for better understanding of the relationship between biodiversity and environmental variation in this key area.''The Neotropical bumblebee Bombus (Fervidobombus) atratus Franklin is widely distributed in South America ranging from tropical and subtropical lowlands to high altitudes in the Andes. Thermal investigations of the Neotropical bumblebee Bombus atratus at rest were performed by means of thermometry. Most social insects are diurnal foragers. When they are inside their nests during the night, they carry out some tasks such as cleaning the nest, brood care or nest thermoregulation. However, forager bees generally pause at night in a sleep-like state. A bumblebee nest was transferred to a brood chamber which was maintained at approximately constant temperature to prevent the workers from building the protecting involucrum so that one could mark them at birth. To provide a temperature gradient, two chambers were installed adjacent to the brood chamber, so that the workers had the chance to choose between 3 temperatures: the first one kept at the second at and The temperatures of the chambers were recorded continuously by a four channel data logger. Three categories of tasks performed by workers were registered in this investigation: warming brood (task 1), feeding brood (task 2) and foragers (task 3). During the experiment 357 workers were born and 252 (71%) of them showed sleep-like behaviour. The total sleep time in hours according to the work done by the workers was task 1 3 2 The workers who performed tasks 1 and 2 preferred to sleep at the highest temperature and the forager workers at'From a consideration of evolution under domestication in the pulses a common pattern emerges. It is suggested that positive selection for a single character, namely, seed size, could have set in motion a complex of selection pressures that not only produced larger seeds and fruits but concomitantly produced a modified shoot architecture. The ultimate production of dwarf plants capable of free-standing growth effectively liberated pulses from dependence on other species for mechanical support and from the implications of their ancestral ecology.Characteristic features of individual pulse species not found in their closest wild relatives can almost invariably be found in other members of the same tribe or elsewhere in the family. This suggests a deep underlying genetical homology in the family as a whole and that law of homologous series could with benefit be extended beyond the cultigens and enable plant breeders to set themselves more ambitious yet realistic objectives. It appears that pulses have evolved not by producing novel characters under domestication, but rather novel combinations of characters already expressed in wild forms.''Many cryptic species were found during the past few years in animals, fungi, and algae by their intraspecious genetic differentiation revealed by PCR-based methods. However, they were rarely found in plants. In this review, we summarized the information on the detection of cryptic species of spore and seed plants according to the data on genetic differentiation between populations. The reasons for their rare discovery, the surrounding circumstances, the distinguishing features, and other issues are discussed.''Since 1995, the global positioning system (GPS) has been exploited by the means of the radio occultation (RO) method to obtain the vertical profiles of refractivity, temperature, pressure, and water vapor in the neutral atmosphere and electron density in the ionosphere. Applying the RO method to the study of the atmosphere was demonstrated for the first time with the GPS/MET experiment. Since then, several satellites with GPS receivers, suitable for RO experiments, have been launched including Oersted, SUNSAT, CHAMP, SAC-C, and GRACE. Future RO investigations that are planned now include FORMOSAT3/COSMIC and Terra-SAR missions. New elements in the RO technology are required to meet the goals of improving the accuracy and broadening the potential of the RO method. In this paper, a methodological review of RO investigations is presented to emphasize new directions in applying the RO method: measuring the vertical gradients of the refractivity in the atmosphere and electron density in the lower ionosphere, determination of the temperature regime in the upper stratosphere, investigation of the internal wave activity in the atmosphere, and study of the ionospheric disturbances on a global scale. These new directions may be relevant for investigating the relationships between processes in the atmosphere and mesosphere, the study of thermal regimes in the intermediate heights of the upper mesosphere, and the analysis of the influence of the space weather phenomena on the lower ionosphere.'Abstract not available'During the last decade, knowledge of azooxanthellate corals in the Colombian Caribbean has increased through exploration campaigns by the Marine and Coastal Research Institute (INVEMAR). The distribution of 142 species of corals, including hard corals (Scleractinia 64 species), black corals (Antipatharia 18 species), and soft corals (Octocorallia 60 species) is assessed. Statistical analyses were performed to examine the coral species distribution through a geographic gradient (210 stations in 8 sectors) and a bathymetric range depth). Four principal patterns were observed: (1) northeastern distribution (46 species), (2) southwestern distribution (11 species), (3) association with azooxanthellate coral bioherms (37 species), and (4) widespread (44 species). In addition, 4 species were only found around the San Andres Archipelago (insular pattern). Two main oceanographic factors were identified to play a role in the northeast versus southwest coral fauna separation, La Guajira upwelling system and the Magdalena River influx. These patterns appear to be depth-related, since the separation between northeast and southwest was mainly shown by the shallow-water coral fauna, whereas most of the deep-water corals depth) were widely distributed along the Colombian Caribbean coastline. These data were also analyzed from a conservation perspective in order to propose new strategies for the protection of the Colombian Caribbean coral fauna.''Most montane and alpine ecosystem climate change studies have focused on changes in biota; few report temperature changes from several stations. This study reports temperature changes in the San Luis Valley (SLV) based on climate station data from a 113-year period. The SLV is a high sub-alpine desert, and the local community relies heavily upon the local irrigated agriculture for its livelihood. Because of the importance of agriculture to the local community and the effects climate change may have on agriculture, this study investigates differences in annual and growing season temperatures. Data from seven climate stations on the floor of the SLV were obtained from the National Climate Data Center, adjusted for inhomogeneities and 1895 to 2008. Change point analysis was employed to identify distinct periods of different mean temperatures values. Change point analysis identified as the change point in mean annual temperature. Maximum, minimum, and mean annual temperature for each period, and were then compared using a one-tailed General Linear Model to determine the presence of significant increases in mean temperature values, which indicated an approximate increase in annual mean temperature of and growing season temperature increase of after 1993. The temperature changes reported here do not correspond to the events related to PDO, ENSO, or NAO. No local land use changes could be attributed to the temperature increases or the latent response to global changes, either. Therefore, since the temperature change occurred after the typically reported 1976 beginning of increases in global mean temperature, we conclude the changes to be an artifact of the local topography and result from global temperature change, similar to the few other high-elevation temperature studies.'"In Venezuela, guppies,Poecilia reticulata, are found in a diversity of aquatic ecosystems fringing the western slope of the eastern Andes. These inland drainages are associated with large between-site variation in both physical and biotic environments. Numbers of potential guppy predators vary greatly between low diversity piedmont streams and high diversity llanos swamps. We analyze geographic variation in several phenotypic traits associated with conspicuousness of male guppies as an independent test of Haskins' (Haskins et al. 1961) hypothesis of natural balance between sexual selection (driving male conspicuousness) and predation (driving crypsis). Four sites were compared: a diverse llanos swamp (high predation), two Andean piedmont streams (intermediate and low predation), and a spring pool located south of Venezuela's Peninsula (no aquatic predators). Because tropical wet and dry seasons are associated with varying degrees of environmental change at these sites, within-site seasonal samples provided an additional test of the role of selective predation on Male phenotypes. Phenotypic traits associated with both size and coloration supported the sexual selection/predation hypothesis. male guppies from the spring were generally more colorful than male guppies from inland drainages. Males from the diverse swamp site were smaller and less colorful than guppies from other sites. Males from the swamp population were smallest and least colorful during the early dry season, when diurnal aquatic piscivores were more diverse and abundant. Dominant spot pigments at each site were generally those that provided greatest contrast with the predominant environmental background color, lending further evidence that coloration patterns in male guppies enhance conspicuousness."(Areaceae: Cocoseae) is a New World palm genus occurring through most of South America, with one species in the eastern Caribbean. Relationships within Syagrus, Cocoseae and Attaleinae (Arecaceae) are investigated via cladistic analysis of 130 structural characters in 69 ingroup and three outgroup species. The data resolve relationships and test generic limits of Attaleinae and among the Syagrus complex. Maximum parsimony analysis derived the following relationships: 1) two major clades (butioid and syagroid) are resolved; 2) Syagrus is polyphyletic as presently defined, with Allagoptera (incl. Polyandrococos), Cocos, Voanioala, and Attalea nested within it; 3) all genera studied except Syagrus and Butia are monophyletic; and 4) relationships in Syagrus broadly align with phytogeography and leaflet anatomy. The data suggest that Syagrus is polyphyletic, and presently accepted taxonomy may not predict monophyletic groups. The relationships predicted by the structural data differ from those resolved via molecular means in part, and also show some congruence.''This paper presents a taxonomic revision of species of the genus Sobralia (Orchidaceae) in the Guyanas (Guyana, Suriname & French Guiana) based on an extensive study of herbarium material. Descriptions of their morphology, ecology and distribution are included and supported by illustrations of their habits and floral parts. A determination key is provided. Sobralia agnieszkae Baranow and Sobralia romeroana Baranow & new species of the genus discovered among material collected in described. Including the newly described taxa, 14 species of the genus occur in the study area and, based on literature data, two further species (S. crocea (Poepp. & Endl.) Rchb.f. and S. fimbriata Poepp. & Endl.) are expected to be found there.''Mountain systems are unique for studying the responses of species distribution and diversity to environmental changes along elevational gradients. It is well known that free-living diazotrophic microorganisms are important to nitrogen cycling in mountain systems. However, the elevational patterns of free-living diazotrophs and the underlying ecological processes in controlling their turnover along broader gradients are less well documented. Here, we investigated the pattern of diazotrophic diversity along the elevational gradient (1800 m-4100 m) in Mount Gongga of China. The results showed that the of diazotrophs did not change with the elevation from 1800 m to 2800 m, but decreased at elevations above 3000 m. Such diversity pattern was driven mainly by soil total carbon, nitrogen, and plant richness. Various diazotrophic taxa showed differential abundance-elevation relationships. Ecological processes determining diazotrophic community assemblage shift along the elevations. Deterministic processes were relatively stronger at both low and high elevations, whereas stochastic processes were stronger at the middle elevation. This study also suggested a strong relationship among aboveground plants and diazotrophs, highlighting their potential interactions, even for free-living diazotrophs.'soil particles are formed and altered as a result of pedogenic processes and anthropogenic impacts on soils. They can be isolated from bulk soil samples by physical disaggregation followed by particle size and/or density fractionation. This review summarizes methodological advances and the characteristic features of the chemical composition of organic matter in these different fractions. It is demonstrated how soil texture and soil genesis determine the contents of organic C (Corg) in size-separates and their distribution in typical profiles of four important major soil groups. Data from numerous field studies were compiled to show that the proportions of Corg bound in clay fractions increased under soil uses which reduce the soil organic matter (SOM) content. Coarser and lighter particles are relatively enriched in native or manured soils. Contents of humic substances, lignin oxidation products, carbohydrates, lipids, and forms of organic N determined by wet-chemical methods indicate that the chemical composition results from specific functions of the organic-mineral particles in the turnover of SOM. This is also reflected by 13C-nuclear magnetic resonance and analytical pyrolysis, the applications of which to the study of organic-mineral particles are summarized and compared for the first time. The summarized chemical characteristics of organic-mineral particles have direct effects on other properties such as soil aggregation and the resulting physical behaviour of soil. Moreover, the adsorption and distribution of plant nutrients, as well as the binding capacity for a wide range of pollutants, clearly show that the organic matter is a key factor for the physicochemical reactions at organic-mineral surfaces. Along with evidence for the different mineralizability of Corg and organic N, and enzymatic properties, the accumulated knowledge of their composition, structure and properties provides a basis from which to develop molecular models of organic-mineral particles. Molecular modelling and visualization of humic colloids, SOM and its complexes (organic-mineral particles) with biological substances, metals and xenobiotics are discussed. These model complexes offer a basis for the conceptual development of SOM macromolecules, mineral soil particles and the computer-assisted design of organic-mineral particles. Molecular-mechanics calculations and geometrical optimization are employed to obtain energy minimized, stable conformations which allow the determination of atomic distances, bonds, angles, torsions, stretches, etc., at nanochemical level. As a result, exact descriptions of three-dimensional structures can be proposed. The total (potential) energy of the organic matter complexes and macromolecules can be determined simultaneously, and energy derivatives for bond-, angle-, dihedral-, van der stretch-bend, and electrostatic energies calculated. Moreover, quantitative structure-activity relationship software is employed to calculate relevant molecular properties such as surface, volume, atomic charges, polarizability, refractivity, etc. It is this combination of atomic/molecular structural data and energy derivatives that opens up new insights into binding sites and transport forms between biological and/or xenobiotic substances and SOM. The resulting potential, and limits, for modelling of organic (humic) macromolecules, organic-mineral particles and mineral surfaces are delineated.''In the African cyprinid, Barbus neumayeri, populations from hypoxic waters have larger gills than populations from well-oxygenated streams. Differences in trophic morphology and feeding performance between these populations suggest a reduction in feeding efficiency in large-gilled fish that may reflect spatial constraints of the gills. However, this variation may also reflect interdemic variation in diets. In this study, we describe patterns of variation in diet, gut morphology, and prey availability for populations of B. neumayeri from swamp (low-oxygen) and stream (high-oxygen) sites in Kibale National Park, Uganda. Our results indicate that B. neumayeri are omnivorous, feeding primarily on benthic prey items; however, diets differed among swamp and stream sites for certain prey types. The observed dietary differences do not provide direct support for predictions based on variation in trophic musculature; hard-bodied prey were more common in low-oxygen sites. Prey availability also differed among sites; in particular, insect abundance and richness was generally lower in the swamp sites. Gut length was longer in one of the four populations, but did not conform to expectations based on diet differences. Condition and growth rates did not differ between populations from hypoxic and well-oxygenated sites, despite observed differences in prey availability and diet, suggesting that B. neumayeri may be distributed in a way that equalizes fitness among populations in different habitats.''The existence of a relationship between the spatial pattern of trees and the distribution of young individuals beneath the canopy has been tested in the beech (Fagus sylvatica) and spruce (Picea abies) fir (Abies alba) forests in the mountainous region, using two different methods. The first method was the analysis of spatial pattern of individuals, the second one was based on calculating sums of influences of all trees occurring within analysed plot on a given point on the forest floor. Results of spatial pattern analyses were surprisingly consistent: almost all mature trees and seedlings didplayed a random pattern of spatial arrangement. However, there is a clear, although statistically insignificant tendency towards uniformity of spatial pattern with increasing sizes of analysed trees. Results of comparing sums of influences on regularly distributed points with sums of influences on seedlings or saplings revealed no tendency in forest regeneration to concentrate in places, where the sums were smaller than the average for a plot. This, coupled with the dominance of random spatial pattern of trees, suggests, that viewed on a small spatial scale, influence of competition among forest trees on their spatial arrangement is obscured by other factors, which are not closely related to the distribution of individuals.''Major loss of life caused by lahars (volcanic mudflows) in historical times has been largely restricted to the Circum-Pacific region and more particularly to Japan (>11,650 killed), Indonesia (>9,300 killed) and Central America (>1,300 killed). In addition to such losses of life, widespread damage may occur to buildings, bridges, communication networks and arable land. A review of the causal mechanisms of lahars, flow behaviour and protective measures, with selected case histories, is therefore appropriate to an understanding of this major geological hazard.The potentially most destructive lahars are those involving sudden release of very large quantities of water from crater lakes or from subglacial lakes. The Icelandic although not strictly lahars, give some idea of the huge discharges of water that can be released ephemeral maximum discharge rates have been estimated up to 100,000 m3/sec, or temporarily equivalent to the flow of the River Amazon. Other potentially destructive lahars are those resulting from pyroclastic flows becoming admixed with running or ponded waters.Of more common but less devastating occurrence are lahars generated by heavy rainfall on the slopes of volcanoes, more particularly on recently ejected pyroclastics. Historical lahar disasters of this type occur most frequently in tropical regions.Other initiating mechanisms include melting of snow and ice directly accompanying eruptions, earthquake triggered collapse, phreatic explosions and directed blasts. Historical lahars generated by these mechanisms have not been responsible for any considerable loss of life, with the exception of the Shimbara Catastrophe in Japan where a lahar entered the sea producing tsunamis.Upon initiation of a lahar, mud, sand and gravel combine with available water to form a high bulk density (>1,400 kg/m3) flow. In some lahars the flow behaviour may approximate to a Newtonian liquid, whilst in others a high concentration Non-Newtonian liquid is formed with the capability of transporting very large clasts which may each weigh over 200 tonnes. The formation of a laminar boundary layer at the base of the flow is responsible for a low friction factor that enables some lahars to travel very large distances (>100 km). It also explains how lahar deposits often overlie completely undisturbed yet easliy erodible materials. This boundary layer can often be identified in many lahar deposits by a fine-grained layer at the base. The continuous phase of such lahars exhibits strength which retards the sinking of boulders and is responsible for the unsupported framework and poor sorting of lahar deposits.Protective measures against loss of life and damage to property are discussed with particular reference to case histories in Indonesia and New Zealand. Indonesian measures have included siphoning water from the crater lake of Mt. Kelut, effective warning systems, and preparation of maps showing regions that may be destroyed by lahars. In New Zealand, two principal centres of Post-glacial lahar activity are Mt. Ruapehu and Mt. Egmont. Since 1861 A.D. eight lahar episodes have been generated from the crater-lake on Mt. Ruapehu, the 1953 lahar being responsible for the when 151 persons were killed. Existing and future protective measures against Mt. Ruapehu lahars are discussed. Mt. Egmont has a long record of Post-glacial lahar activity. The causal mechanism of some Egmont lahars has been heavy rains, but the existence of a former crater lake in the summit area cannot be discounted. Based on detailed geological, pedological and botanical investigations a geological hazards map of the Mt. Egmont region has been prepared.''The Atacama Desert is one of the driest places on Earth, with an arid core highly adverse to the development of hypolithic cyanobacteria. Previous work has shown that when rain levels fall below per year, colonization of suitable quartz stones falls to virtually zero. Here, we report that along the coast in these arid regions, complex associations of cyanobacteria, archaea, and heterotrophic bacteria inhabit the undersides of translucent quartz stones. Colonization rates in these areas, which receive virtually no rain but mainly fog, are significantly higher than those reported inland in the hyperarid zone at the same latitude. Here, hypolithic colonization rates can be up to 80%, with all quartz rocks over being colonized. This finding strongly suggests that hypolithic microbial communities thriving in the seaward face of the Coastal Range can survive with fog as the main regular source of moisture. A model is advanced where the development of the hypolithic communities under quartz stones relies on a positive feedback between fog availability and the higher thermal conductivity of the quartz rocks, which results in lower daytime temperatures at the interface microenvironment.''Defining and operationalizing Article 2 of the UNFCCC remains a challenge. The question of what is dangerous climate change is not a purely scientific one, as danger necessarily has a subjective dimension and its definition requires judgment and precaution. The papers in this special issue of Regional Environmental Change attempt to navigate this problem, by offering an overview of the latest scientific findings in the context of risks and uncertainties, and assess some key vulnerabilities that might lead to dangerous climate change. This synthesis provides an overview of the papers in this issue and looks at four areas of possible dangerous climate declines in regional food and water security, loss of arctic sea ice with projected extinction of species, large-scale sea-level rise and loss of coral reef systems. These issues affect a number of different regions including Africa, South Asia, and Small Island Developing States. Significant risks to vulnerable regions and systems at warming levels of above pre-industrial are identified. The direct effects of CO2 concentration increases in terms of ocean acidification are identified as relevant to Article 2 because of the risks posed to coral reefs. Ultimate CO2 stabilization levels that allow for the long-term viability of coral reefs likely are below The paper concludes by arguing that the emission reduction pledges made by countries under the Copenhagen Accord will not suffice to prevent dangerous climate change.'cremnophila is described and illustrated as a new species. It is compared with B. weddelliana, and a description of that species is also provided. Begonia davisii is typified and newly synonymized with B. weddelliana.''Alteration products of andesite cobbles from wet soils formed in volcanic colluvial material were studied using petrographie, electron microscope, X-ray powder diffraction, and thermal techniques. Augite phenocrysts altered by congruent dissolution leaving voids which were subsequently filled with smectite. Plagioclase also altered to produce micrometer-size spheroidal aggregates of smectite. Halloysite was not observed within the altered cobbles, although it was abundant in the soil matrix. The formation of smectite in the altered cobbles was probably favored by the restrictive drainage of the microenvironment in combination with wet soil conditions.''Flooding regulates the amount and quality of habitat available for fish populations in river-floodplains. Although previous studies assessed fish population responses to river hydrology, the processes by which flooding affects fish abundance and catch remain unclear. Here, we investigated whether degree of flooding affects abundance and catch of Colossoma macropomum, a long-lived, overexploited fish population of the central Amazon Basin. We computed the degree of flooding corresponding to the feeding area of young-of-the-year C. macropomum as the annual magnitude of the moving littoral zone (ML). We estimated abundance of age classes one, two, and three of C. macropomum using a modeling program based on catch, fishing effort, and fish length frequency data from the principal commercial fishery. We found that flooding positively and non-linearly affected abundance of the age-one cohort but not of older age classes. ML data corresponding to a late rising water phase in which zooplankton, seeds, and fruits dominated the diet provided the strongest effect on age-one abundance. However, flooding effects on total catch were not found, likely due to catches comprising several age classes. These results provide support to existing evidence that the magnitude of the moving littoral zone regulates abundance of juvenile fish. Because the ML quantifies food and habitat availability for various other fish species, it may constitute an important control of fish abundance in these systems. Management of these fisheries may be improved by adjusting fishing effort based on hydrology. More generally, the information also serves to assess the impacts of hydrological alterations (e.g., dams) on fish recruitment.''Poor countries are disproportionately affected by the cost of disasters. Yet there is evidence of the benefits of seeking to mitigate the impact of a disaster, compared with the costs incurred in after a major event has occurred. This article reviews a programme of landslide risk reduction in unplanned communities in the Eastern Caribbean. The construction of appropriate surface water management measures, based on the application of scientific and engineering principles, has been demonstrated to reduce the hazard from rainfall-triggered landslides. Adopting a community-based approach additionally delivers social and environmental benefits relating to employment generation, improvements in the environmental conditions within the community, and improvements slope management practices. The sustained implementation of the community-based projects has provided the necessary evidence-base for these practices to influence Government policy and practice, and gain recognition from regional development agencies. The strategic and incremental uptake of the community-based methodology is demonstrated to be an effective means for delivering physical landslide risk reduction measures in the most areas of unplanned housing.'Abstract not available'BackgroundTo understand speciation and the maintenance of taxa as separate entities, we need information about natural hybridization and gene flow among species.ResultsInterspecific hybrids occur regularly in Heliconius and Eueides (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) in the wild: of the species of Heliconiina are involved, depending on species concept employed. Hybridization is, however, rare on a per-individual basis. For one well-studied case of species hybridizing in parapatric contact (Heliconius erato and H. himera), phenotypically detectable hybrids form around 10% of the population, but for species in sympatry hybrids usually form less than 0.05% of individuals. There is a roughly exponential decline with genetic distance in the numbers of natural hybrids in collections, both between and within species, suggesting a simple "exponential failure law" of compatibility as found in some prokaryotes.ConclusionHybridization between species of Heliconius appears to be a natural phenomenon; there is no evidence that it has been enhanced by recent human habitat disturbance. In some well-studied cases, backcrossing occurs in the field and fertile backcrosses have been verified in insectaries, which indicates that introgression is likely, and recent molecular work shows that alleles at some but not all loci are exchanged between pairs of sympatric, hybridizing species. Molecular clock dating suggests that gene exchange may continue for more than 3 million years after speciation. In addition, one species, H. heurippa, appears to have formed as a result of hybrid speciation. Introgression may often contribute to adaptive evolution as well as sometimes to speciation itself, via hybrid speciation. Geographic races and species that coexist in sympatry therefore form part of a continuum in terms of hybridization rates or probability of gene flow. This finding concurs with the view that processes leading to speciation are continuous, rather than sudden, and that they are the same as those operating within species, rather than requiring special punctuated effects or complete allopatry. Although not qualitatively distinct from geographic races, nor "real" in terms of phylogenetic species concepts or the biological species concept, hybridizing species of Heliconius are stably distinct in sympatry, and remain useful groups for predicting morphological, ecological, behavioural and genetic characteristics.''Climatic change is expected to have serious impacts on the Pantanal, a large tropical wetland located in the Upper Paraguay River Basin, in the centre of South America, where a range of institutional responses are being developed to mitigate and adapt to climate change. In order to examine the institutional achievements and challenges for managing the region, a specific typology is initially introduced, which comprises a schematic gradient of institutional responses. An empirical analysis was conducted in Brazil, Bolivia and Paraguay, the three countries that share the Pantanal, which identified the hybrid basis of the policy framework under construction, in the sense that it actually combines elements of various institutional responses included in the proposed typology. Important factors that seem to undermine the efficacy of institutional responses in addressing climate change in the region are the strong influence of the agribusiness sector and the still relatively low importance of the Pantanal for national environmental policy-making. This essay makes a claim that the principles of climate justice should guiding policies and interventions as it they constitute the most appropriate strategy to address the inequality and unfairness related to climate change.''In the last years, deforestation constitutes a threat for the aquatic ecosystems. This paper aims to characterize the water quality of the Purus river in the Brazilian Amazon, and investigate the relations between water quality and deforestation of the Purus river basin over a 9-year period, as well as to quantify the Purus river land cover changes (%) in a 5-year period. Sampling data from upstream to downstream show a decrease in pH-value, dissolved oxygen, electrical conductivity, and total suspended solids. Correlation analysis revealed a significant negative correlation of the accumulated total deforestation values (km2) with the pH-value (in all the study sites), and a significant positive correlation with temperature (only in two sites). However, the deforestation rates (km2/year) did not present, in none of the study stations, any significant correlation with water quality parameters. It seems that the effects of deforestation on water quality are related not with the rate but with the total area deforested. It was estimated that the forested area decreased by 5.17%. Since similar attributes are common in other basins of the whitewater systems of the Brazilian Amazon, this results may be seen as a warning on the effects of deforestation on water quality (reduction in pH and increment in temperature values), in larger areas than those of our study sites. To maintain the conservation and preservation status of the Purus river basin, it is necessary, the implementation of a transboundary watershed management program that could serve as a conservation model for Brazil and other countries of the Amazonian region.''A revision of the bibliography, as well as an analysis on the data from the specimen labels of Scena propylea (Druce) (Erebidae: Arctiinae: Euchromiina) deposited in different scientific collections, was carried out and included information from 1894 to 2010. Its geographical distribution is restricted to the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt which determines this species as endemic. Data are provided on the biogeography, ecology and biology for this species. Its food plant is Thenardia floribunda (Apocynaceae) which is also endemic to Mexico. From this analysis, we propose the inclusion of both species in the document known as the Norma Oficial Mexicana 059 which encompasses the environmental protection of wild flora and fauna species native to Mexico and their risk categories, as well as the specifications for their inclusion, exclusion or change and a list of all species at risk.''As a result of population pressures, hillsides in the urban areas are being developed at an accelerating rate. This development increases the risk for urban landslides triggered by rainfall or earthquake activity. To counter this risk, four approaches have been employed by landslide managers and urban planners: (1) restricting development in landslide-prone areas; (2) implementing and enforcing excavation, grading, and construction codes; (3) protecting existing developments by physical mitigation measures and (4) developing and installing monitoring and warning systems. Where they have been utilized, these approaches generally have been effective in reducing the risk due to landslide hazards. In addition to these practices, landslide insurance holds promise as a mitigative measure by reducing the financial impact of landslides on individual property owners. Until recently, however, such insurance has not been widely available and, where it is available, it is so expensive that it has been little used.''In habitats disturbed by anthropogenic noise, acoustically communicating species may develop behavioral responses that help them transmit information and overcome signal masking. We studied four anuran species breeding in wetlands, ponds, and ditches near a highway in eastern Ontario, Canada, to test whether they called more often when traffic noise intensity was lower, and stopped calling when the noise intensity increased (i.e., gap calling behavior). We made call recordings between April and July 2011, and compared the traffic noise intensity (sound pressure level) between times when the anurans were calling and times when they were not calling. We found that the two species with the highest call peak frequency (American toad, gray treefrog) called randomly with regard to traffic noise intensity. In contrast, the two species with the lowest call peak frequency (green frog, bullfrog) called more often when traffic noise intensity was low. The behavioral response in the two latter species likely represents a short-term strategy that enhances their signal-to-noise ratio thereby increasing the chance of effective communication. Our results support predictions derived from the acoustic adaptation hypothesis: low-frequency signals are more prone to be masked by anthropogenic noise and therefore require behavioral adjustments (in this study gap-calling behavior) to ameliorate this effect.''The genus Plasmodium (Plasmodiidae) ranks among the most widespread intracellular protozoan parasites affecting a wide range of mammals, birds, and reptiles. Little information is available about lizard malaria parasites in South America, and the pathological features of the resulting parasitoses remain unknown or poorly understood. To partially fill in these gaps, we conducted blood smear analysis, molecular detection, and phylogenetic and pathological investigations in lizards inhabiting an Atlantic Forest fragment in Paraiba, Brazil. From 104 striped forest whiptails (Kentropyx calcarata) screened for the presence of haemosporidian parasites, 67 (64.4%) were positive. Four of five Amazon lava lizards (Strobilurus torquatus) we collected from this same area were also positive. A total of 27 forest whiptails were infected with a new genetic lineage of Plasmodium kentropyxi and other Plasmodium lineages were also detected. Histopathological analysis in infected forest whiptails revealed systemic intraerythrocytic Plasmodium stages, mainly gametocytes, in the liver, lung, and heart. Also, the liver of infected lizards had mild to moderate levels of Kupffer cell and melanomacrophage hypertrophy/hyperplasia with sinusoid leukocytosis. Overall, our findings suggest that an endemic Plasmodium species causes histological alterations that are not related to major pathological processes in striped forest whiptails.''Measurements of carbon isotope ratios of nine taxa of arid zone mosses from North America and 24 taxa of European bryophytes show consistent values indicative of C3 metabolism. Other morphological, physiological and biochemical characteristics provide the mechanism of adaptation to environmental stresses of heat and extended desiccation in these plants. Analyses of D content indicate that values become less negative with increasing aridity of the habitat.''In many developing countries, especially in Africa, farmers have been introduced to agroforestry with little consideration for the markets for trees and tree products aside from potential productivity gains to food crops. It is now being recognized that expanding market opportunities for smallholders particularly in niche markets and high value products is critical to the success of agroforestry innovations. Some recent work presented in this paper on marketing agroforestry products in Africa, linking farmers to markets and assisting farmer organizations, shows how constraints are tied to both long-standing market structures as well as shifting market imperatives. Forest policy, physical and social barriers to smallholder participation in markets, the overall lack of information at all levels on markets for agroforestry products, and the challenges to outgrowing schemes and contract farming inhibit the growth of the smallholder tree product sector in Africa outside of traditional products. Notwithstanding these constraints, there are promising developments including contract fuelwood schemes, small-scale nursery enterprises, charcoal policy reform, novel market information systems, facilitating and capacity building of farmer and farm forest associations, and collaboration between the private sector, research and extension.''Maintenance of steady streamflow is a critical attribute of the continental river systems for safeguarding downstream ecosystems and agricultural production. Global climate change imposes a potential risk to water supply from the headwater by changing the magnitude and frequency of precipitation and evapotranspiration in the region. To determine if and to what extent the recent climate changes affected streamflow in major river systems, we examined the pattern of temporal variations in precipitation, temperature, evapotranspiration and changes in runoff discharge during in the headwater region of the Yellow River in northeastern Tibetan Plateau. We identified 1989 as the turning point for a statistically significant 14% reduction in streamflow discharge (P < 0.05) for the period compared with approximately coinciding with changes in the monthly distribution but not the interannual variations of precipitation, and detected a mismatch between precipitation and runoff after 2000. Both annual precipitation and runoff discharge displayed four- and eight-year cyclic patterns of changes for the period and a six-year cyclic pattern of changes for the period with two intensified two-year cyclic patterns in the changes of precipitation and a three-year cyclic pattern in the change of runoff further detected for the later period. Our results indicate that the temporal changes in runoff are not strictly consistent with the temporal variations of precipitation in the headwater region of Yellow River during the period In particular, a full recovery in annual precipitation was not reflected in a full recovery in runoff toward the end of the study period. While a review of literature yielded no apparent evidence of raised evapotranspiration in the region due to recent warming, we draw attention to increased local retention of rainwater as a possible explanation of differential changes in precipitation and runoff.''The roosting behavior of the big fruit-eating bat, Artibeus lituratus (Phyllostomidae, Stenodermatinae) in an Andean region of Venezuela is described. Sixty-four video recordings made at three separate foliage roosts during 1 year showed that group size varied between two and 14 individuals. One male was regularly observed roosting with more females than others, and this male was associated with the highest quality roost, defined here as the highest, most structurally stable, and least disturbed. Males invariably occupied exclusive roosts during the study, whereas females frequently moved among adjacent roosts. The high roost fidelity of males appears to be related to the defense of the highest quality roosts. Because females were observed roosting with each of the three males present at the study site, female groups were considered unstable. We suggest that shuttling movements of individuals may reflect a commonly observed adaptation of foliage roosting bats related to the avoidance of predators and/or parasites. The type of association observed in A. lituratus is consistent with a resource defense polygyny hypothesis.'Abstract not available'BackgroundHybridization and polyploidy are central processes in evolution and speciation. These mechanisms often lead to complex patterns of genetic variation and the creation of novel genotypes, which may establish if they become isolated from gene flow. However, in the absence of reproductive isolation, species boundaries might easily be disrupted. Here, we used a combination of AFLPs, chloroplast DNA markers and flow cytometry to investigate the evolutionary outcomes of hybridization between two endemic Ecuadorian species of Epidendrum (E. madsenii and E. rhopalostele) in three hybrid zones. Postmating isolation was also quantified to determine the role of this barrier in restraining gene flow between hybrids and the parental species. In addition, future ecological niche models were constructed to predict the outcomes of hybridization between these species.ResultsOur results confirmed the presence of hybrids in all hybrid zones, but revealed that a third parental species (E. falcisepalum) has contributed to one of the hybrid zones studied. Backcross genotypes were frequent in all hybrid zones, which was in accordance with the absence of strong reproductive barriers. The process of hybridization was highly asymmetric and followed in some cases by polyploidy. The projection of future niche models predicted a severe reduction in the area suitable for the occurrence of these species, although favorable conditions will still occur for the existence of the current hybrid zones.ConclusionsThe recurrent process of hybridization has compromised the genetic integrity of the parental species. Most individuals of the parental species can no longer be considered as pure-bred individuals because most were classified as backcrossed hybrids. Novel genetic lineages occur in all hybrid zones implying that hybrids are fertile and can compete with the parental species. These results, together with the prediction of suitable conditions for the future occurrence of these hybrid zones, highlight the importance of conserving these geographic areas as sources of novel taxonomic entities.'psidii causes a rust disease on a broad range of hosts in the Myrtaceae and Heteropyxidaceae. It is native to South America where it can cause severe disease in eucalypt plantations and other introduced Myrtaceae. The pathogen has recently expanded its geographical range to Hawaii, increasing concerns about the potential for an incursion in Australia. This paper reviews the taxonomy, biology, impact and options for control of P. psidii. It also discusses the probable impact if an incursion were to occur in Australia and the preparations that must be made to mitigate adverse consequences.'Abstract not available'In freshwater ecosystems, spatial turnover in fish assemblages is often attributed to dispersal limitation imposed by fragmentation of water bodies. Other factors like environmental properties or biotic interactions have often been assumed to be minute relative to dispersal limitation when hydrogeological barriers are abundant. This study aims to describe the spatial differentiation of cichlid fish assemblages in the upper Madera in Bolivia, Brazil and a large drainage system characterized by the absence of significant hydrogeological barriers. We assessed the relative importance of spatial, climatic and geological predictors in the observed biogeographic structure using an integrative combination of cluster analyses, elements of metacommunity structure analysis, variation partitioning, and network analysis. Our results show that distinct assemblages of cichlid fish species replace each other across the landscape and that this turnover is partially determined by climate and geological gradients. A considerable fraction of the cichlid assembly structure could not be assigned to either space, climate or geology and might be explained by unmeasured parameters such as habitat structure or biotic interactions. Incorporating knowledge on spatial turnover of species assemblages into conservation strategies will be essential for the biodiversity management of the diverse aquatic fauna of the upper Madera.''Extreme climatic events, such as flooding and drought, can abruptly modify the amplitude of the river level of a river, promoting new environmental conditions and impacting aquatic communities. Furthermore, an increasing frequency of extreme droughts in dammed rivers is expected because dams homogenize the flood pulse and decrease the river level. In this study, we evaluated the effects of extreme river-level oscillations on the benthic macroinvertebrate communities in a floodplain river. We analysed of river-level data and of benthic macroinvertebrate data. Our findings indicated that (1) extreme river-level oscillations promoted environmental conditions that were distinct from the regular oscillation; moreover, environmental characteristics were more heterogeneous in extreme oscillations than regular oscillations; (2) extreme oscillations were associated with a decreased richness, density, and diversity of benthic macroinvertebrates, promoting the dominance of tolerant taxa. Furthermore, in the studied river, a large hydroelectric power plant was built ago, which (3) decreased the river-level downstream, accentuating the occurrence of extreme drought, which has become more common after damming. We emphasize the importance of long-term biological monitoring considering the more frequent occurrence of extreme river-level oscillations in response to factors such as dam building and climate change.''Small-scale fisheries in developing countries are often vital to the livelihoods of the rural poor, yet the dynamic and variable nature of household engagement in local fisheries remains poorly understood. This paper describes a small-scale fishery for aquarium fish in two proximate villages of the Peruvian Amazon, and explains observed differences within and between villages in participation, reliance and organisation of the fishery. A framework is developed to guide the systematic description and characterisation of small-scale fisheries organisation in Amazonia and beyond. An improved understanding of the socioeconomic factors that shape the organisation of artisanal freshwater fisheries promises to better inform research and management initiatives aimed at promoting sustainable local fisheries and poverty reduction among fishers.''We investigated the inter-annual and seasonal variation of the aboveground net primary productivity (ANPP), and leaf nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations across two different types of wet meadows (spring-fed and riparian) in Tierra del Fuego Island, Southern Patagonia. In addition, we estimated grazing effects on ANPP, the nature of nutrient limitation, and the resorption efficiencies for both nutrients. ANPP showed a high inter-annual variation typical seasonal dynamics with a summer peak, and higher annual means at the spring-fed meadows compared to the riparian meadows with a higher contribution of graminoids Sheep grazing reduced a 66% the annual mean of ANPP in riparian meadows. Leaf nitrogen concentrations were similar to reported values for graminoids from temperate and cold regions while leaf phosphorus concentrations were markedly higher indicating a nitrogen limitation. Resorption efficiency was 54.2% for nitrogen and 48.2% for phosphorus, exhibiting incomplete resorption proficiency for both nutrients. Our results represent valuable information to design sustainable management strategies for wetlands according to their spatial and temporal variation, and to define a baseline of vegetation functioning to assess the impact of climate change in high-latitude southern ecosystems.''Studies undertaken in the Atlantic Coastal Forest have revealed a notable floristic heterogeneity within this vegetation type in NE Brazil. However, there is still a great need for detailed comparisons of the floristic relationships between the various forest types found there. This work presents an analysis of the floristic similarity (at the species level) of these forest as revealed by floristic surveys, with the aim of better understanding and defining this vegetation. Using a binary matrix, grouping, ordering, and TWINSPAN analysis were performed on 742 tree/shrub species listed in 35 different plant surveys. These tree/shrub species were divided by these analysis into two large floristic groups ombrophilous and semideciduous. The semideciduous group was formed, in general, by forest areas located at altitudes above 700 m (montane forests), and could itself be divided into two subgroups. The first subgroup was located more inland (Pernambuco), while the second subgroup was located nearer the coast (within the states of Pernambuco and The ombrophilous group was quite heterogeneous, but could also be divided into two floristic subgroups: i) lowland forests (below 100 m a.s.l) in the states of Pernambuco, and in two areas of Bahia, as well as some montane forests (in Pernambuco, between 640 and 900 m a.s.l.); ii) lowlands forests in the states of Alagoas and Bahia. This latter subgroup is the largest and best defined, and has the highest degree of internal similarity. Nonetheless, it can be further subdivided into two smaller classes, one in Alagoas and the other in Bahia State. The results of this study demonstrate that the concept of the Atlantic Coastal Forest could also include montane ombrophilous forests in Pernambuco State, as these forests form a single floristic unit together with lowland forests in that state.''Although Chile has been touted for developing a broad market liberalization and opening to the international economy, evidence is emerging that such neoliberal economic policies are dramatically impacting biodiversity and the natural resource base. This paper examines the evidence on the plundering of forestry and fishery resources and the damming and pollution of aquatic ecosystems. Although it may be argued that economic liberalization policies have been effective in reallocating agricultural resources toward more competitive activities, the ecological toll imposed by the expansion of export-led modern agriculture has been heavy. An effective agricultural development strategy in Chile should confront such ecological costs and should promote alternatives to high input agriculture.'Abstract not available'BackgroundThe glacial and interglacial cycles that characterized the Quaternary greatly affected the distribution and genetic diversity of plants. In the Neotropics, few phylogeographic studies have focused on coastal species outside of the Atlantic Rainforest. Climatic and sea level changes during the Quaternary played an important role in the evolutionary history of many organisms found in coastal regions. To contribute to a better understanding of plant evolution in this environment in Southern South America, we focused on Calibrachoa heterophylla (Solanaceae), an endemic and vulnerable wild petunia species from the South Atlantic Coastal Plain (SACP).ResultsWe assessed DNA sequences from two cpDNA intergenic spacers and analyzed them using a phylogeographic approach. The present phylogeographic study reveals the influence of complex geologic and climatic events on patterns of genetic diversification. The results indicate that C. heterophylla originated inland and subsequently colonized the SACP; the data show that the inland haplogroup is more ancient than the coastal one and that the inland was not affected by sea level changes in the Quaternary. The major diversification of C. heterophylla that occurred after 0.4 Myr was linked to sea level oscillations in the Quaternary, and any diversification that occurred before this time was obscured by marine transgressions that occurred before the coastal sand formation. Results of the Bayesian skyline plot showed a recent population expansion detected in C. heterophylla seems to be related to an increase in temperature and humidity that occurred at the beginning of the Holocene.ConclusionsThe geographic clades have been formed when the coastal plain was deeply dissected by paleochannels and these correlate very well with the distributional limits of the clades. The four major sea transgressions formed a series of four sand barriers parallel to the coast that progressively increased the availability of coastal areas after the regressions and that may have promoted the geographic structuring of genetic diversity observed today. The recent population expansion for the entire species may be linked with the event of marine regression after the most recent sea transgression at ~5 kya.''Many ungulate species around the world have been reported to use natural lick, and most have shown seasonal patterns of lick use. However few researches focused on sexual differences in seasonal patterns of salt lick use. From January 2006 to December 2008, we used remote video cameras to record the uses of artificial salt licks by wild sika deer (Cervus nippon) in Taohongling Nature Reserve, China. We compared sex differences of artificial salt lick use by sika deer assessing both lick use frequency and time spent licking. Our results showed that: (1) there were significant differences in monthly lick use frequency and monthly time spent licking between the two sexes. Females tended to use licks frequently during lactation while the uses of licks by males peaked during the rut; (2) both females and males used salt licks frequently during the period of pelage change; (3) no significant differences were recorded between the individuals of two sexes in terms of staying time, time spent licking per visit and lick duration. We suggest that sika deer could adjust their using of salt licks based on their sodium requirements in different physiological stages. Implications of this study for reserve managers are that more sodium should be supplemented during the rut and lactation.''Density is crucial for understanding large carnivore ecology and conservation, but estimating it has proven methodologically difficult. We conducted of camera trapping to estimate jaguar (Panthera onca) density and population structure in the Los Llanos region of Venezuela on the Hato ranch, where hunting is prohibited and livestock are excluded from half of ranch lands. We identified 42 different jaguars and determined their sex, age class, and reproductive status. We estimated adult jaguar densities with spatial capture-recapture models, using sex/reproductive state and session as covariates. Models without temporal variation received more support than models that allowed variation between sessions. Males, reproductive females, and nonreproductive females differed in their density, baseline detectability, and movement. The best estimate of total adult jaguar population density was 4.44 Based on reproductive female density and mean number of offspring per female, we estimated cub density at 3.23 and an overall density of 7.67 Estimated jaguar population structure was 21% males, 11% nonreproductive females, 26% reproductive females, and 42% cubs. We conclude that extending the sampling period to increases the detectability of females and cubs and makes density estimates more robust as compared to the more common short studies. Our results demonstrate that the Venezuelan Llanos represent important jaguar habitat, and further, they emphasize the importance of protected areas and hunting restrictions for carnivore conservation.''Habitat loss and fragmentation result in significant landscape changes that ultimately affect plant diversity and add uncertainty to how natural areas will respond to future global change. This uncertainty is important given that the loss of biodiversity often includes losing key ecosystem functions. Few studies have explored the effects of landscape changes on plant functional diversity and evidence so far has shown far more pervasive effects than previously reported by species richness and composition studies. Here we present a review on the impact of habitat loss and fragmentation on (1) individual functional to persistence, dispersal and (2) functional diversity. We also discuss current knowledge gaps and propose ways forward. From the literature review we found that studies have largely focused on dispersal traits, strongly impacted by habitat loss and fragmentation, while traits related to persistence were the least studied. Furthermore, most studies did not distinguish habitat loss from spatial fragmentation and were conducted at the plot or fragment-level, which taken together limits the ability to generalize the scale-dependency of landscape changes on plant functional diversity. For future work, we recommend (1) clearly distinguishing the effects of habitat loss from those of fragmentation, and (2) recognizing the scale-dependency of predicted responses when functional diversity varies in time and space. We conclude that a clear understanding of the effects of habitat loss and fragmentation on functional diversity will improve predictions of the resiliency and resistance of plant communities to varying scales of disturbance.''Southern Hemisphere humpback whales breed in tropical waters and migrate to Antarctica to forage. While the breeding grounds are well defined, the population structure on Antarctic feeding grounds is poorly described. The Western Antarctic Peninsula (WAP) is of particular interest, where rapidly changing environmental conditions could alter prey distribution or migration pathways. To examine changes in the population of whales around the WAP, we used mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) and 15 microsatellite loci. We compared our WAP dataset to a dataset collected earlier, and identified new haplotypes for the region, but found no significant difference between the datasets. We compared whales from the WAP to breeding populations in Oceania, Colombia, and Brazil. We used an Analysis of Molecular Variance to confirm significant genetic differentiation between the WAP and each breeding ground (overall except Colombia. Bayesian mixed-stock analyses showed a large apportionment to Colombia CL microsatellites 86%; CL and a small apportionment to French Polynesia/Samoan Islands CL microsatellites 8.9%; CL supporting the strong connection between Colombia and the WAP. Assignment tests allocated 81 individuals to Colombia and two to French Polynesia/Samoan Islands. No other breeding grounds had significant apportionments. Direct connectivity of French Polynesia to the WAP was confirmed with the first genotype match of French Polynesia to a feeding area. Continued genetic monitoring will highlight the complex patterns of humpbacks in this rapidly changing climate. Our results serve as a baseline for humpback whale population structure, illustrate mixed-stock analysis as a useful tool for migrating wildlife, and aid in future management considerations for humpbacks.''This essay explores the role of the coca economy in the politics of basic foodstuff production in the lowlands department of Santa Cruz, Bolivia. Efforts throughout the 1980s and 1990s to diminish the coca economy in Santa Cruz have led to a significant decrease in the physical presence of coca in the region. This paper argues that while coca has been physically eradicated, the relationships and inequalities that characterized the coca economy at its height in the 1980s and 1990s continue to haunt present-day agrarian relations and decisions in the region. Using the framework of haunting and drawing on stories narrating the intersections between the livelihood challenges of rice farmers in the province of Ichilo, Santa Cruz, regional agrarian politics, and regional-state governance conflicts, I explore how the coca economy matters to the dynamics of principal agrarian foodstuff production. While coca cultivation in Ichilo is expressly assigned to the past and modern agrarian politics are explicitly articulated as this paper offers a reminder about how the coca economy continues to shape present day agrarian politics, even as it is considered eradicated.''BackgroundConsidered a biodiversity hotspot, the Canary Islands have been the key subjects of numerous evolutionary studies concerning a large variety of organisms. The genus Cheirolophus (Asteraceae) represents one of the largest plant radiations in the Canarian archipelago. In contrast, only a few species occur in the Mediterranean region, the putative ancestral area of the genus. Here, our main aim was to reconstruct the phylogenetic and biogeographic history of Cheirolophus with special focus on explaining the origin of the large Canarian radiation.ResultsWe found significant incongruence in phylogenetic relationships between nuclear and plastid markers. Each dataset provided resolution at different levels in Cheirolophus: the nuclear markers resolved the backbone of the phylogeny while the plastid data provided better resolution within the Canarian clade. The origin of Cheirolophus was dated in the Mid-Late Miocene, followed by rapid diversification into the three main Mediterranean lineages and the Macaronesian clade. A decrease in diversification rates was inferred at the end of the Miocene, with a new increase in the Late Pliocene concurrent with the onset of the Mediterranean climate. Diversification within the Macaronesian clade started in the Early-Mid Pleistocene, with unusually high speciation rates giving rise to the extant insular diversity.ConclusionsClimate-driven diversification likely explains the early evolutionary history of Cheirolophus in the Mediterranean region. It appears that the exceptionally high diversification rate in the Canarian clade was mainly driven by allopatric speciation (including intra- and interisland diversification). Several intrinsic (e.g. breeding system, polyploid origin, seed dispersal syndrome) and extrinsic (e.g. fragmented landscape, isolated habitats, climatic and geological changes) factors probably contributed to the progressive differentiation of populations resulting in numerous microendemisms. Finally, hybridization events and emerging ecological adaptation may have also reinforced the diversification process.''The pantropical Caesalpinia group includes 225 species in 27 monophyletic genera, and the group has undergone recent phylogenetic, taxonomic and biogeographic revisions. Previous works have reported a diverse pattern of heterochromatin distribution related to ecological niche/geographic distribution, and variation in genome size also correlated with environmental variables. In order to investigate the relationship between cytogenetic and ecological traits using the Caesalpinia group as a model, new cytomolecular data (chromosome number and morphology, CMA/DAPI staining and number and position of 5S and 35S rDNA sites) for 14 species in six genera were generated. These data were analysed by phylogenetic comparative methods. All species studied have and most of them just have one pair of 5S rDNA sites and two to five pairs of 35S rDNA sites. Three heterochromatic patterns were observed on the chromosomes: (i) proximal bands, (ii) proximal bands and (iii) proximal CMA0/DAPI0 bands. The and clades (except for E. gilliesii, E. hughesii and E. mexicanus) independently showed bands associated with larger genomes and geographic distributions at higher latitudes. We statistically demonstrate that heterochromatin (CMA/DAPI intensity along the chromosome), genome size and latitude are autocorrelated in the Caesalpinia group. On the other hand, we found a non-significant correlation between genome size and amount of heterochromatin. We argue that environmental factors associated with different latitude may have played a role in contributing to the diversification of the heterochromatin in Caesalpinia group.''Pure and Applied Geophysics (PAGEOPH) is one of the leading journals in the field of geophysics. The first issue was published in 1939; thus, the journal is celebrating its 80th anniversary in 2018. The aim of this paper is to provide a complete lifetime overview of the academic structure of the journal using bibliometric indicators. This analysis includes key factors such as the most cited articles, leading authors, originating institutions and countries, publication and citation structures, and the most commonly used keywords. The bibliometric data used to conduct this analysis comes from the Scopus database. Additionally, the visualization of similarities (VOS)viewer software is used to create a graphic map of some of the bibliometric results. The graphical analysis uses co-citation, bibliographic coupling and co-occurrence of keywords. The results indicate that PAGEOPH is a leading journal in the areas in which it is indexed, with publications from a wide range of authors, institutions, and countries around the world.''The objectives of this study were to evaluate the potential of gabiroba Campomanesia pubescens (DC) O. Berg in the production of a beverage fermented using selected and wild yeasts from indigenous fermentation, analyze the volatile compounds profile present during the process of fermentation, and evaluate the sensory quality of the final beverage produced. Throughout the process of fermentation, when Saccharomyces cerevisiae UFLA CA 1162 was inoculated, there were stable viable populations around During indigenous fermentation, yeast population increased from to after The diversity and dynamics of the yeast population during indigenous fermentation observed by PFGE analysis showed five different karyotyping profiles in the first days of fermentation. After the seventh day, there was a higher frequency of a similar S. cerevisiae profile. The yeast non-Saccharomyces were identified by sequencing of the ITS region as Candida quercitrusa and Issatchenkia terricola. Inoculated fermentations yielded a higher amount of alcohol than indigenous ones, indicating the efficiency of selected strains. There was also a greater concentration of higher alcohols, which are usually responsible for the flavor found in alcoholic beverages. Based on the characteristics of the pulp and acceptance in the sensory analysis, gabiroba fruits showed good potential for use in the production of fermented beverage.''After a systematic revision of Portulaca L. (Portulacaceae) from Brazil, which included field work, studying herbarium specimens and relevant literature and original elements, the taxonomic observations and nomenclatural notes are here reported. Types were sought and most of them located. Synonymies (20), lectotypes (5), epitype (1) and neotype (1) are designated and defined.''Forest litter as a component of the carbon cycle in forests of different ages was characterized. Field studies of the forest site of the Primorskaya State Agricultural Academy in the south of the Sikhote Alin Range continued for three years. Multiple sampling of forest litter and plant litter fall and measurements of the CO2 emission from the litter and underlying soil horizons were performed on test plots. The maximum litter pool (14.44 0.86 t/ha) was found in the mature stand of Pinus koraiensis; the minimum litter pool (11.52 0.65 t/ha), in the 80-year-old stand. The carbon stock in the litters amounted to 3.7% of the phytomass carbon. The rate of carbon turnover in the forest litters was relatively low in comparison with that in other regions: the ratio of carbon pools in the litter horizons and annual plant falloff reached 3.5. The winter season provided about of the annual plant litter fall. The data obtained in this study describe a part of the carbon cycle and contribute to our understanding of the ecosystem function of climate regulation by valuable forest massifs in the south of the Far East of Russia. In this region, the decomposition of forest litters generates the CO2 flux amounting up to 16% of the total CO2 emission from the soil.''This is a critical review of regional settlement pattern archaeology published in the last decade. The regional approach proves to be highly productive of new ideas and lasting results. Cultural resource/heritage databases are increasingly important. Notable advances have been made in regional studies of Paleolithic and Holocene foragers, the reciprocal relations between Neolithic communities and their regional societies, and in understanding states and empires. There are new research potentials in comparisons, macroregional analysis, long-term change, and alternative pathways. Research designs should specify systematic coverage at the regional scale and carry out spatial analysis in which social groups are the primary focus.''The Brazilian savanna, also known as Cerrado, is one of the biodiversity hotspots, covering about 22% of the country. Nevertheless, this region has been suffering an accelerated process of degradation due to the agribusiness expansion. This study contributes to increasing knowledge on the Leptoceridae fauna of the Serra da Canastra Mountains at the Minas Gerais State, Brazil. Herein, we illustrate and describe two new species of Leptoceridae, Notalina franciscana sp. nov. and Oecetis catagua sp. nov., and provide additional data on the richness and distribution of Leptoceridae species in the Parque Nacional da Serra da Canastra and surrounding areas. Furthermore, ten species are firstly recorded from Minas Gerais State, increasing the number of Leptoceridae species recorded in the state from 30 to 42.'"In 1977 a silvopastoral system was started in a 8.5 farm with the typical soil characteristics of the coastal ranges of Southern Chile, planted with Radiata pine (Pinus radiata D.Don) 2/0, with a 2.5 7 m spacing. The sheep management system began in June 1979.The stocking rate varied from 6 to 8 sheep per the ewe breeds were Romney, Suffolk Romney, with Suffolk or Romney rams. During the period ratational grazing in four paddocks with native pasture and subterranean was used. Starting from June 1982 pasture area had increased to 12 was not conserved. Overnight, sheep were kept loose on a slatted floor sheep availability, sheep and lamb weight, reproduction and growth of lambs, show that the system is feasible and practical. The 1980 production was 214 kg of live in 1981; 171 for 1982, and 207 for 1983. During these years the mean wool production was between 3.5 to 4 kg per sheep.The economic results f the system are attractive as to improve farmers' income, also preventing erosion, allowing a means to promote development of an important area in Southern Chile.The research project is still in progress."trees in agroforestry systems protect the understory cocoa from climate extremes. Shade tree pruning manages microclimatic conditions in favor of cocoa production while tree diversity is maintained. Adaptation of pruning has to consider seasonal changes in temperature and precipitation to protect the understory characteristics of tree stands such as species diversity, tree density, and stratification can affect throughfall and microclimate. Pruning changes the canopy and may therefore modulate internal aim of this study is to assess the environmental growing conditions of cocoa monitored canopy openness and the impact of stand structure on throughfall and microclimate in three cocoa production systems (monoculture, agroforestry, and successional agroforestry) and a natural regrowth in a long-term trial in Bolivia from 2013 to 2015. We further focused on the effect of annual shade tree and cocoa pruning on these variables to evaluate the potential impact of this systems buffered extreme climate events like temperature fluctuations compared to monocultures but reduced light and throughfall drastically. Spatial variability of throughfall and transmitted light were low under a high and closed shade tree canopy. Shade tree pruning resulted in higher canopy openness, light transmittance, and throughfall, while the buffer function of the agroforestry systems concerning temperature and humidity fluctuations was between cocoa production systems regarding throughfall and microclimate were overlain by pruning activities. Cocoa agroforestry systems are temporal dynamic systems. Pruning timing and intensity is pivotal for balancing light and water availability under seasonally varying environmental conditions to conserve micro-environments for cocoa production with less exposure to unfavorable climate.''BackgroundUnderstanding altitudinal patterns of biological diversity and their underlying mechanisms is critically important for biodiversity conservation in mountainous regions. The contribution of area to plant diversity patterns is widely acknowledged and may mask the effects of other determinant factors. In this context, it is important to examine altitudinal patterns of corrected taxon richness by eliminating the area effect. Here we adopt two methods to correct observed taxon richness: a power-law relationship between richness and area, hereafter and richness counted in equal-area altitudinal bands, hereafter We compare these two methods on the Jade Dragon Snow Mountain, which is the nearest large-scale altitudinal gradient to the Equator in the Northern Hemisphere.ResultsWe find that seed plant species richness, genus richness, family richness, and species richness of trees, shrubs, herbs and Groups (species with elevational range size <150, between 150 and 500, and respectively) display distinct hump-shaped patterns along the equal-elevation altitudinal gradient. The corrected taxon richness based on method 2 (TRcor2) also shows hump-shaped patterns for all plant groups, while the one based on method 1 (TRcor1) does not. As for the abiotic factors influencing the patterns, mean annual temperature, mean annual precipitation, and mid-domain effect explain a larger part of the variation in TRcor2 than in TRcor1.ConclusionsIn conclusion, for biodiversity patterns on the Jade Dragon Snow Mountain, method 2 preserves the significant influences of abiotic factors to the greatest degree while eliminating the area effect. Our results thus reveal that although the classical method 1 has earned more attention and approval in previous research, method 2 can perform better under certain circumstances. We not only confirm the essential contribution of method 1 in community ecology, but also highlight the significant role of method 2 in eliminating the area effect, and call for more application of method 2 in further macroecological studies.''Seedling recruitment and survivorship of beech (Fagus crenata) were studied with special reference to the simultaneous death of undergrowing bamboo (Sasa kurilensis). The survival rate of beech seedlings on the floor whereSasa had withered was much higher than that on the floor whereSasa survived. Damping off caused the largest mortality among beech seedlings. However, the allocation pattern of matter to different parts of the seedlings indicated that their survival was greatly affected by production economy. The dense cover of dwarf bamboo prevented the establishment of beech seedling banks on the forest floor. The interval between the times when simultaneous death ofSasa occur and the length of its recovery period are thus important factors controlling the dynamics of beech forests in Japan.''Fertile topsoil was added onto the surface of barren slope land in Three Gorges Reservoir region of China in an anthropogenic process known as the foreign soil reconstruction project. The main goal of this paper was to reveal the influence of anthropogenic activities on pedogenic processes and soil classifications. Chemical weathering indices and comparative analysis were applied to discuss changes in geochemical compositions and weathering features of purplish soils (Cambisols) before and after the project. Results showed that: (l) The foreign soil reconstruction project slightly altered the major element composition of topsoil and improved the soil structure. Although the distributions of major elements in the original topsoil, original subsoil, foreign topsoil and newly constructed topsoil were all similar to that in upper continental crust, newly constructed topsoil was the most similar soil. (2) The chemical index of alteration was more sensitive than the weathering index of Parker at indicating chemical weathering status of purplish soil. The chemical weathering status of newly constructed topsoil was higher than that of the original topsoil and lower than that of foreign topsoil. (3) Anthropogenic activities may provide a promising new thought for the anthropogenic soil classification system. The scope and subgroups of Anthrosols should be extended and strengthened. Or there may be a need to combine Anthrosols and Technosols orders to create a new soil order. The results may be used for optimizing soil mellowing engineering activities and enriching the soil classification system.''Recent studies on the genus Arachis using molecular markers have revealed very little demonstrable polymorphism in the cultivated groundnut, A. hypogaea. This has led to the hasty generalization that the groundnut lacks genetic variation. However, this is in complete contradiction to the results of other lines of investigations into the origin and evolution of A. hypogaea. Further, a characterization of the world collection for various traits also shows significant levels of variation for almost all genetic traits. The literature review in this article suggests that the lack of genetic variation was inferred because of an inadequacy in the material studied, and the range of techniques used to study molecular polymorphism. A comprehensive and rigorous examination of the material available in the groundnut world collection, either by improving current techniques, or by using such advanced techniques as SSRs and AFLP could well reveal polymorphism at the molecular level.''The role of palms in the everyday life of the Guahibo is evident. They depend on this important family for much of their fiber, shelter, food and for other needs. The change in Guahibo life style over the past centuries has resulted in modifications of the local flora, and frequently in a reduction in the number of certain over-utilized palm species. It is vital that an attempt be made to halt the decline in of the forest. Studies must determine the species of most worth and a diligent effort be made to repopulate the gallery forests of this area with the kind of plants that once made the forest and its abundant palm flora both an for the Guahibo.''This contribution provides an overview of the intricacies of mountain climates, particularly as they pertain to the European Alps. Examples will be given of issues that are related to climatic change as observed in the Alps during the course of the 20th century, and some of the physical mechanisms that may be responsible for those changes. The discussion will then focus on the problems related to assessing climatic change in regions of complex topography, the potential shifts in climate during the 21st century that the alpine region may be subjected to, and the associated climate-generated impacts on mountain environments.''Commercialization of agricultural products, including seeds and its derived products, represents an important economic source for developing countries. Natural colorants obtained from the seeds of achiote plant (annatto) have been used since pre-Hispanic times. Also, production of this crop has been important for Mayan cuisine. Annual world production of achiote seeds is approximately 14,500 tons (dry weight). Two thirds of the production is commercialized as dried seeds and the rest as colorant. Latin America produces 60% of the total world production, followed by Africa (27%) and Asia (12%). The main producers in Latin America are Peru, Brazil and Mexico. The purpose of the present paper is to review the most recent literature on Bixa orellana L. focusing on bixin, norbixin, tocotrienols and tocopherols biosynthesis, use and industrial applications of annatto extracts, as well as its nutraceutical potential and its benefits for human health.''We investigated the effect of forest thinning on soil nitrogen mineralization, nitrification and transformation in a Cryptomeria japonica plantation at high elevation to provide basic data for forest management. We chose four study plots for control, light, medium and heavy thinning treatment, and three sub-plots for buried bag studies at similar elevations in each treatment plot to measure the net N mineralization and nitrification rates in situ. The contents of soil inorganic N (ammonium and nitrate) were similar between treatments, but all varied with season, reaching maxima in September 2003 and 2004. The seasonal maximum net Nmin rates after four treatments were 0.182, 0.246, 0.303 and 0.560 in 2003, and 0.242, 0.258, 0.411 and 0.671 2004, respectively. These estimates are approximate with the lower annual rates of N mineralization for this region. Forest thinning can enhance net N mineralization and microbial biomass carbon. The percentage of annual rates of Nmin for different levels of forest thinning compared with the control plot were 13.4%, 59.8% and 154.2% in 2003, and 0.1%, 58.8% and 157.7% in 2004 for light, medium, and heavy thinning, respectively. These differences were related to soil moisture, temperature, precipitation, and soil and vegetation types. Well-planned multi-site comparisons, both located within Taiwan and the East-Asia region, could greatly improve our knowledge of regional patterns in nitrogen cycling.'"The Ecuadorian Amazon, lying in the headwaters of the Napo and Aguarico River valleys, is experiencing rapid change in Land Use and Land Cover (LULC) conditions and regional landscape diversity uniquely tied to the spontaneous agricultural colonization of the Oriente region of northeastern Ecuador beginning in the mid to late 1970s. Spontaneous colonization occurred on squattered lands located adjacent to oil company roads and in government development sectors composed of multiple land parcels organized into `piano key' shaped family farms or fincas. Portions of these fincas were deforested for agricultural extensification depending upon the age of the finca and several site and situation factors. Because fincas are managed at the household level as spatially discrete, temporally independent units, land conversion at the finca-level is recognized as the chief proximate cause of deforestation within the region.Focusing on the spatial and temporal dynamics of deforestation, agricultural extensification, and plant succession at the finca-level, and urbanization at the community-level, a cell-based morphogenetic model of Land Use and Land Cover Change (LULCC) was developed as the foundation for a predictive model of regional LULCC dynamics and landscape diversity. Here, LULC characteristics are determined using a time-series of remotely sensed data (i.e., Landsat Thematic Mapper (TM) and Multispectral Scanner (MSS)) using an experimental [semi-traditional] (hybrid unsupervised-supervised) classification scheme resulting in a time-series data set including LULC images for 1973, 1986, 1989, 1996, and 1999. Pixel histories of LULC type across the time-series were integrated into LULC trajectories and converted into seed or input data sets for LULC modeling to alternate time periods and for model validation. LULC simulations, achieved through cellular automata (CA) methodologies, were run on an annual basis to the year 2010 using 1973 as the initial conditions and the satellite time-series as the `check points' in the simulations. The model was developed using the Imagine Spatial Modeler of the ERDAS image processing software, and enhanced using the Spatial Modeler Language (SML). The model works by (a) simulating the present by extrapolating from the past using the image time-series, (b) validating the simulations via the remotely sensed time-series of past conditions and through field observations of current conditions, (c) allowing the model to iterate to the year 2010, and (d) comparing model outputs to an autoregressive time-series approach for annual conditions that are compared via paired t-tests of pattern metrics run at the landscape-level to define compositional and structural differences between successive model outputs."'There is a widely held view that the Pampa region (PR) dry and wet periods are predominantly a consecuence of the El oscillation (ENSO) phenomenom. The current paper focuses on non-ENSO rainfall anomalies for the period the more recent of which have had catastrophic consequences throughout the region. We analyze horizontal water vapor transport, pressure and circulation anomalies occurring in Southern South America (SSA) during this type of event. Positive and negative (wet and dry) extreme events during the rainy and dry seasons in the region were registered. Based on NCEP reanalysis data it was established that under rainfall deficit, anomalies of similar intensity occurred simultaneously in the PR and in central Chile, whereas under excess rainfall the anomalies were mostly confined to the PR. The existence of a cyclone-anticyclone pair in the anomalous circulation pattern over mid latitudes of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans and straddling the southern portion of the continent maintains an intense and extense meridional circulation over the continental plains, which leads to the abnormal values in moisture transport and rainfall rate. The atmospheric water balance equation calculated for the PR indicates that anomalous water vapor is carried in from the continental equatorial region and from the subtropical Atlantic, its magnitude varying in accordance with the season and the sign of the anomaly. Furthermore, evidence of the important role of transient terms corroborates their contribution to the anomalous total moisture flux divergence under rainfall deficit during the dry season. The mean sea-level pressure anomaly fields of the extreme cases were further examined by principal component analysis to discern those circulation features directly linked to rainfall deviations.'Abstract not availablepaper presents a case study of the relationship between farmers' knowledge of maize varieties and their selection and management of these varieties under conditions of technological change. Research for this paper was done among Spanish-speaking small farmers in an ejidoof central Chiapas, Mexico. This ejido is well integrated into the market, and the use of modem technologies is widespread. This research demonstrates that farmers have an extensive and widely shared knowledge of their maize varieties. This knowledge reflects objective maize characteristics. Variation occurs in the farmers' selection and management of maize varieties, but on average the variation deviates from a random pattern in the direction predicted by the farmers' knowledge base. They have incorporated the technological changes brought about by development into their knowledge base. Farmers maintain maize varieties with contrasting traits, and their knowledge base provides important information about which traits and constraints are important to them."'Carnauba occupies a leading position among vegetable waxes because of its hardness, good luster and high melting point, which make it especially desirable for floor polishes. The only source region of this important vegetable wax is northeastern Brazil.''Species richness of plankton was studied in a eutrophic reservoir (Barra Bonita Reservoir) of the Middle River, Paulo State, Brazil, during the period This reservoir is formed by two rivers: the and the Piracicaba (the main tributaries), of which the is more eutrophic, having conductivity and nutrient concentration values twice those of the Piracicaba. In addition, the reservoir is fed by 114 smaller tributaries. Monthly sampling was carried out at three stations representing different environmental conditions: St1 on the S2 on the Piracicaba, and the confluence of the two rivers. For the phytoplankton community, the Piracicaba River (St2) proved the richest site, with a listed 72 species with abundance of Chlorophyta, while St1 and St3 registered 59 and 50 species, respectively, with abundance of Cyanophyta. For the zooplankton community a great difference was not registered in species number at the three stations but the species composition and dominant species of rotifers and copepods were quite different. The occurrence of Mesocyclops meridianus and Metacyclops mendocinus, specific for St2;Mesocyclops ogunnus and Notodiaptomus iheringi, specific for St1, and that of these two species plus Mesocyclops meridianusat St3 shows that the conditions combining at this station were favorable to Mesocyclops meridianus but not to Metacyclops mendocinus. Both for phytoplankton and zooplankton, high values found of species richness were compared to species richness of natural lakes, e.g., Dom Helvecio, a monomictic stable lake in eastern Brazil, and another fifteen lakes in the same region.In conclusion, this work shows that environmental gradients are strong selective factors that enhance plankton richness in eutrophic reservoirs exhibiting environmental instability. This fact could explain the presence of a high number of plankton species associated with a high number of individuals in Barra Bonita Reservoir, supporting the effects of the intermediate disturbance hypothesis.''Common beans were introduced from the Americas to China over ago and presently constitute an important export crop in many areas of the country. Evaluation of the genetic diversity present in Chinese accessions of common beans is essential for conservation, management and utilization of these genetic resources. The objective of this research was to evaluate a collection of 229 Chinese landraces with 30 microsatellite markers to evaluate the genetic variability, genepool identity and relationships within and between the groups identified among the genotypes. A total of 166 alleles were detected with an average of 5.5 alleles per locus for all microsatellites. The landraces were clustered into two genepools with two subgroups each. The level of diversity for Chinese landraces of Andean origin was higher than for the Chinese landraces of Mesoamerican origin due to the presence of more infrequent alleles in this first group. The range of marker prevalence indices was from 0.288 to 0.676 within the Andean group and from 0.426 to 0.754 within the Mesoamerican group. Two subgroups were identified in each genepool group with one of the Mesoamerican subgroups arising from introgression. Gene flow was 0.86 or below between subgroups from different gene pools and 2.6 or above between subgroups within the genepools. We discuss the existence of a secondary center of diversity for common beans in China and the importance of inter genepool introgression.''For a plant with bird-dispersed seeds, the effectiveness of seed dispersal can change with fruit availability at scales ranging from individual plants to neighborhoods, and the scale at which frugivory patterns emerge may be specific for frugivorous species differing in their life-history and behavior. The authors explore the influence of multispecies fruit availability at two local spatial scales on fruit consumption of Eugenia uniflora trees for two functional groups of birds. The authors related visitation and fruit removal by fruit gulpers and pulp mashers to crop size and conspecific and heterospecific fruit abundance to assess the potential roles that facilitative or competitive interactions play on seed dispersal. The same fruiting scenario influenced fruit gulpers (legitimate seed dispersers) and pulp mashers (inefficient dispersers) in different ways. Visits and fruit removal by legitimate seed dispersers were positively related to crop size and slightly related to conspecific, but not to heterospecific fruit neighborhoods. Visits and fruit consumption by pulp mashers was not related to crop size and decreased with heterospecific fruit availability in neighborhoods; however, this might not result in competition for dispersers. The weak evidence for facilitative or competitive processes suggest that interaction of E. uniflora with seed dispersers may depend primarily on crop size or other attributes susceptible to selection. The results give limited support to the hypothesis that spatial patterns of fruit availability influence fruit consumption by birds, and highlight the importance of considering separately legitimate and inefficient dispersers to explain the mechanisms that lie behind spatial patterns of seed dispersal.''Amorpheae (Fabaceae: Papilionoideae) was first considered a natural group by Rupert Barneby in his illustrated monographDaleae Imagines. Amorpheae currently comprise eight genera, ca. 250 spp., and extensive floral diversity, including loss of corolla and addition of a stemonozone. The Amorpheae and many of subtribal groups are supported as monophyletic by previous phylogenetic analysis of nuclear ribosomal and chloroplast sequence data. However, some relationships remain unclear. A nuclear marker derived from a genomic study inMedicago CNGC 4, was sequenced in selected Amorpheae This is one of the first applications of this marker. for phylogenetic study. The new data confirm some relationships inferred usingtrnK and ITS, but also provide evidence for new arrangements. Combined data were used to explore several aspects of taxonomic framework. The phylogeny, in concert, with data on floral morphology, implies that simplification of the complex papilionoid flower has occurred several times in the history of the Amorpheae.''Tapirs are perissodactyl ungulates of the genus Tapirus. The family Tapiridae was more diverse in the past. Genus Tapirus include five living species: T. indicus, T. pinchaque, T. bairdii, T. terrestris, and T. kabomani. Despite all the information available about tapirs, evolutionary relationships among species within the genus are still uncertain. Recent works suggest that T. terrestris may be a species complex. A better understanding of the evolutionary history of this clade is essential to better support conservation strategies for the species of this genus, which are keys in the dynamics of tropical forests in Southeast Asia and Central and South America. Geometric morphometry has been proved to be a useful tool for the study of morphological evolution in mammals, but studies involving cranial geometric morphometry of tapiroids have never been done. We hereby propose landmarks for the study of tapir cranial shape through 2D geometric morphometric technique, including 20 in lateral cranial view 14 in dorsal cranial view and 21 in ventral cranial view followed by PCA multivariate statistical analysis that ordinated specimens from each of the three data groups along the major axis of shape variation. Lateral and dorsal view landmarks proved to be the most diagnostic for the species studied, providing interesting insights and trends on tapiroid cranial evolution. Ventrally, the species analyzed do not differentiate significantly. In this paper, we add new information to the current cranial morphometric database of tapirs, which can help elucidate questions about their evolutionary history.'Abstract not available'Anastrepha obliqua (Macquart) is an agricultural pest of wide geographic distribution infesting a vast list of host species in America. However, little is known about the past geographic distribution of this species. In this study, we investigated the potential past and current distribution of species in South America. In this sense, the MaxEnt algorithm was used to model the ecological niche of the species in the past (Last Interglcial Maximum; Last Glacial Maximum) and current periods. The results suggested that under the current climatic conditions, A. obliqua showed high environmental suitability to become established in most South American countries, especially in Brazil. The lowest suitability indices were observed in Chile, Argentina, and Uruguay. The past analysis for Last Glacial Maximum revealed that there was no significant change in the distribution potential of the species when compared to the current model; however, in the Last Interglacial Maximum period, there was a large reduction in the areas of suitability for the species when compared to the current and Last Glacial Maximum distribution models. The analysis also revealed vast areas of refuges for the species mainly on the coast of Brazil, as well as Venezuela, Bolivia, Guyana, and Surinam. The results presented here may be useful for future phylogeographical studies in order to test if the refuge areas concentrate greater genetic diversity for this species. In addition, our study provides important information for understanding the current dynamics of A. obliqua, which may be useful for control programs in places where this species can become a pest.''Wenchuan earthquake on 12 May 2008 triggered numerous landslides, which disturbed vast areas of vegetation in northwest Sichuan. However, based on our primary field investigation at Xiejiadian landslide in July 2009, we found an obvious increase of the number of plant species and then we made a hypothesis that, after earthquake, vegetation at this landslide might recover by itself. In this paper, we conduct a newly field investigation at Xiejiadian landslide during November 2014 to verify this hypothesis. We investigated plant species composition at total 56 sites (trees 4, shrubs 16 and herbs 36, respectively), and calculated the variance ratio, important values, x2 test, association coefficient, Ochiai index, and correlation coefficients, and Ecological species groups. Species sharply increased to 84 species belonging to 66 genera and 54 families, forming a complete life form containing trees, shrubs, herbs, and ground layers while only herbs detected in 2009. Moreover, an overall positive and moderately related interspecies association was detected for most of species pairs. Of total 84 species, twenty five were identified as dominant species and could be divided into four positive ecological species groups. This study verified our proposed hypothesis of self-recovery of vegetation in landslide triggered by the earthquake, and found Alnus cremastogyne, Rhus chinensis, Litsea cubeba, Vitis piasezkii and Anemone vitifolia would play a constructive role during the continuing succession of vegetation at Xiejiadian landslide.''We examined the phylogeography of the South American swamp rat Scapteromys tumidus using complete mitochondrial DNA cytochrome b sequences. This species is endemic to the Pampas biome and lives near the coastal plain but also in inland continental areas. The coastal domain of such region experienced a highly dynamic geological history. The inland fraction is part of Precambrian and Mesozoic spills and sedimentary basins, while most of the coastal plain was shaped by transgressive-regressive marine events in the Late Quaternary. As fluctuations in the sea level during this period produced large lateral displacements of the shoreline, originating four barrier-lagoon systems that shaped the present coastline, continental area significantly increased from this time. We hypothesized that the S. tumidus have expanded its range from that period, ramped by its adaptive ability to humid areas. Thus, we examined whether historical Pleistocene events had affected genetic variation of this species along its distributional range. Bayesian phylogenetic analysis and the haplotype network inferred two major genetic clusters along the distribution of S. tumidus. Neutrality tests suggest that populations experienced demographic changes and Bayesian skyline plot evidenced a marked recent demographic expansion pattern, intensified from 350 to 300 kya. Such date coincides with the formation of the lagunar barrier II (dated to ca. 325 kya) and the concurrent initial formation of the coastal plain and increase in continental area.''Coffee production is impacting the climate by emitting greenhouse gasses. Coffee production is also vulnerable to climate change. As a consequence, the coffee sector is interested in climate-friendly forms of coffee production, but there is no consensus of what exactly this implies. Therefore, we studied two aspects of the climate impact of coffee production: the standing carbon stocks in the production systems and the product carbon footprint, which measures the greenhouse gas emissions per unit weight of coffee produced. We collected data from 116 coffee farms in five Latin American countries, Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, El Salvador, and Colombia, for four coffee production systems: (1) traditional polycultures, (2) commercial polycultures, (3) shaded monocultures, and (4) unshaded monocultures. We found that polycultures have a lower mean carbon footprint, of CO2-equivalent of parchment coffee, than monocultures, of We also found that traditional polycultures have much higher carbon stocks in the vegetation, of per ha, than unshaded monocultures, of We designed a graphic system to classify production systems according to their climate friendliness. We identified several strategies to increase positive and reduce negative climate impacts of coffee production. Strategies include diversification of coffee farms with trees, the use of their wood to substitute for fossil fuel and energy-intensive building materials, the targeted use of fertilizer, and the use of dry or ecological processing methods for coffee instead of the traditional fully washed process.''Departing from a theoretical methodology, we estimate empirically an index of adaptive capacity (IAC) of a fishing community to the establishment of marine protected areas (MPAs). We carried out household surveys, designed to obtain information for indicators and sub-indicators, and calculated the IAC. Moreover, we performed a sensitivity analysis to check for robustness of the results. Our findings show that, despite being located between two MPAs, the fishing community of in the Colombian Pacific is highly vulnerable and that the socioeconomic dimension of the IAC constitutes the most binding dimension for building adaptive capacity. is characterized by extreme poverty, high dependence on resources, and lack of basic public infrastructure. Notwithstanding, social capital and local awareness about ecological conditions may act as enhancers of adaptive capacity. The establishment of MPAs should consider the development of strategies to confer adaptive capacity to local communities highly dependent on resource extraction.'"Genetic effects are obtainable for any aspect of transport, accumulation, and efficiency of nutrient use by plants, and for virtually any element. Some of the important characters are: tolerance to acid soils (18% of soils or 2.4 billion ha), tolerance to high pH induced Fe-chlorosis, and tolerance to salinity (about 1,000 m ha). Genotypes which made better use of N and P would be the means of saving fertilizers, especially important to developing countries. A 10% economy of fertilizer use represents a minimum world saving of US$6 billion vulgaris is taken as a model to show that although we know quite a lot about the extent of its nutritional variation, e.g. adaptability to acid soils, and the crop's utilization of N and P, we are handicapped in exploiting this because of lack of genetic information. This in turn depends on knowledge of specific mechanisms, and investigating these must be a priority."'Crops are the main source of toxic cadmium for humans due to uptake from naturally or anthropogenically polluted soils. Chronic Cd ingestion causes kidney, liver, and skeletal damage along with an increased risk of cancer. Cacao is known to accumulate Cd and may therefore be potentially harmful to human health. Consequently, cocoa production on intensely polluted soils should be avoided. Cocoa products from South America in particular often exceed the limits for Cd, but the factors that drive Cd uptake are as yet poorly studied. In this study, we measured Cd concentrations in defatted cocoa powder from unfermented seeds of 40 different trees on 20 farms in the Region, Peru, and associated the Cd levels with the soil, field management, and nearby vegetation diversity. The mean Cd concentration found in cocoa of the study region was with a range of The maximum content measured was an order of magnitude higher than the allowed limit of and was the highest reported so far in the literature. Soil Cd content was the most relevant driver of Cd concentration in cacao. In addition, fertilizer use caused significantly higher Cd concentration in cocoa. Higher biodiversity of herbs was positively correlated with Cd contents in cocoa. The study shows that, apart from the known correlation of soil conditions with Cd accumulation in cacao seeds, changes in fertilization and plant composition may be promising measures to counteract Cd contamination in regions with high soil Cd content.''Decomposition experiments, using 14C and 15N labelled plant materials in porous soilbags buried in contact with roots, were laid out in the Venezuelan paramo and the Bolivian puna. The tracers were previously used to calibrate a new version of Momos, a microbial biomass (MB) and decomposition model. MB is growing by ingestion of labile (VL) and stable (VS) plant materials as well as labile (HL) and stable (HS) humus, and is decreasing by respiration (CO2 output) and mortality (input into HL). The fallow production model Faprom estimates biomass production, standing dead mass, and soil C input from plant mortality and potential root exudation. This work aimed to address three objectives: (1) use parameter values calibrated on 14C transformations to predict total C changes in soils, (2) quantify by simulations the C storage and turnover from new 12C inputs from roots, (3) split inputs from root death into VL and VS, direct root exudation into MB. These objectives were attained except (2) in the humic soil of the paramo, for which total C or MB-C predictions were not significantly improved by root-C input. The method described here is a new tool to predict in situ C input from roots (even when a production model is lacking) and the resulting C turnover for soils with moderate C stock. Experimental data could be improved by optimizing contact between roots and soilbags and enhancing the repeatability of MB-C measurements. Momos predicts half-lives of MB-C and HL-C labile compartments to be about in the puna and in the paramo. The corresponding half-lives of the stable HS-C compartment were in the puna and in the paramo.''BackgroundPredicting the patterns of range expansion of alien species is central to develop effective strategies for managing potential biological invasions. Here, we present a study on the potential distribution of the American cavity-nesting, Orthoptera-hunting and solitary wasp, Isodontia mexicana (Hymenoptera: Sphecidae), which was first detected as alien species in France in 1960 and now is present in many European countries. After having updated its current distribution, we estimated the environmental space (based on bioclimatic data and altitude) occupied by the species and subsequently predicted its environmental potential distribution under both present and future climatic conditions at global scale.ResultsThe wasp lives in low-altitude areas of the Northern hemisphere with moderate temperatures and precipitation. The environmental space occupied in the invaded area is practically just a subset (42%) of that occupied in the native area, showing a process of environmental niche unfilling (i.e. the species only partially fills its environmental niche in the invaded range). Besides, I. mexicana could also live in other temperate areas, mainly in the Southern hemisphere, particularly close to the coasts. However, geographic (oceans) and/or climatic (tropical areas, mountain chains) barriers would prevent the species to reach these potential areas unless through human trade activity. The species could thus only reach, by active dispersion, the remaining invadable areas of Europe. Estimations for the future (2050 and 2070) predict an expansion through active dispersion towards North in the native range and towards North and East in the invaded range, but future conditions would not break down the current climatic barriers in the Southern hemisphere.ConclusionsIsodontia mexicana has not shifted its environmental niche in the invaded area. It could still occupy some new areas by active dispersion, but confined to Europe. The conspicuous niche unfilling shown by this wasp species could reflect the likely single introduction in Europe just a few decades ago. Furthermore, results stay in line with other studies that found niche unfilling rather than niche expansion in insects.''Continuous terrestrial records of paleoclimate and paleovegetation that extend to the late Pleistocene are rare for the circum-Caribbean uplands. In this study we analyzed the bulk and compound-specific carbon isotope composition of lake sediments spanning this period from Lago de las Morrenas 1 (LM1), a glacial lake in the highlands of southern Costa Rica, for evidence of climate and vegetation changes that may not have been apparent in previous analyses. The stable carbon isotope ratios of n-alkanes typically derived from terrestrial plants indicate an increased abundance of C4 plant taxa during the late Pleistocene and earliest Holocene that may be related to decreased atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations, increased aridity, or habitat availability. These n-alkane isotope ratios also provide evidence of more arid conditions during the early and late Holocene, and more mesic conditions during the middle Holocene, a pattern prevalent in other paleoclimate records from the region that is thought to be related to millennial-scale dynamics of the intertropical convergence zone (ITCZ). The sensitivity of the LM1 paleorecord to trade wind dynamics provides further support for the role of millennial-scale shifts in ITCZ dynamics in driving neotropical environmental change, and indicates that the effects of ITCZ migration were not limited to the lowlands.''The threat of invasive species is often intensified in disturbed habitat. To optimize control programs, it is necessary to understand how degraded habitat influences the behavior of invasive species. We conducted a radio telemetry study to characterize movement and habitat use of introduced male Argentine black and white tegus (Tupinambis merianae) in the Everglades of southern Florida from May to August 2012 at the core and periphery of the introduced range. Tegus at the periphery moved farther per day (mean compared to tegus at the core (mean However, activity ranges were not significantly smaller in the core (mean compared to periphery (mean Peripheral activity ranges were more linear due to activity being largely restricted to levee habitat surrounded by open water or marsh. Tegus were located in shrub or tree habitat (mean more often than expected based on random locations (mean and the percent cover of trees and shrubs was higher in activity ranges (mean than the general study area Our study highlighted the ability of tegus to spread across the Florida landscape, especially in linear disturbed habitats where increased movement occurred and in areas of altered hydrology where movement is not restricted by water.''The diversity of thirty-nine isolates from peanut plants growing at fourteen different sites in the Argentinean province of was examined by rep-PCR, RFLP of PCR amplified 16S rRNA gene and complete sequencing of ribosomal genes. The genomic analysis of the peanut isolates indicated that each group encompasses heterogeneity among their members, having distinct rep fingerprints and 16S rRNA alleles. Complete sequencing of 16S rRNA demonstrated that native peanut rhizobia from soils representative of the slow and fast growers are phylogenetically related to Bradyrhizobium japonicum and Bradyrhizobium sp. and Rhizobium giardinii and R. tropici species, respectively. The nodC gene sequence analysis showed phylogenetic similarity between fast grower peanut symbionts and Rhizobium tropici.''This study addresses the impact of small-scale gold mining on the environment and communities of the Puyango River basin in the southwest of Ecuador between 1999 and 2001. Our primary objectives were to measure mercury, manganese, and lead in the river, to identify pathways of population exposure, and biological indicators of human exposure. A multi-method design at the catchment scale was applied to the analysis of water, sediments, and particulate matter for mercury, lead, and manganese over two different seasons. A household survey was undertaken, and individuals were assessed for lead (blood samples), and for mercury (urine and hair samples). River water samples had high concentrations of particulate matter (700 mg/L). Mercury and lead levels in water at the gold processing plants were very high in both seasons (250 ng Hg/L and Pb/L). Mercury and lead, there was a downstream gradient with the areas adjacent to the gold processing plants having the highest levels. In Portovelo, the Upper Basin city, 14% of the population reported occupational exposure to inorganic mercury. Although no one in Portovelo consumes water from the river, 10% of the population consume local fish. This contrasts the Lower Basin where 98% of the population consume fish, and 100% use river water for drinking and cooking. Lead blood levels over were found in 39.4% of the study population and blood mercury over only in 10.0%. Urinary mercury over was found in 66.5% of the examined persons. Hair methylmercury did not exceed the safe limit of the mean concentration was Mining activity and erosion contributes to heavy-metal contamination (mercury, lead, and manganese) throughout the Puyango Basin. The relation between environmental contamination is complex and further research is being conducted to understand these relations.''We report on anthropological research conducted in three mountain communities (in the USA, Italy and Peru), which have been directly affected by glacier retreat for over Our mixed methods include ethnographic research, analysis of transcripts of interviews, focus groups and community meetings, and case studies of adaptation projects. Our findings indicate that local people are acute observers of change. They draw on two frames (climate change and community) in their discussions and projects but rely much more heavily on the latter frame. This pattern of drawing on the community frame, characteristic of all discussions, is most marked in the community meetings. The effectiveness of the community frame in supporting projects calls into question some widely shared notions about the role of belief in climate change as a crucial precondition for adaptation and challenges the model of climate change response.''Globalised change is driving transitions in small-scale tropical fisheries away from natural resource-based livelihoods towards wage labour that involves employment in the service industry and outmigration from centres of origin. In this paper, we employ a social wellbeing lens to examine livelihood transitions from the perspective of the inhabitants of Ponta Negra, a fishing community on the Atlantic Forest Coast of Brazil. Social wellbeing allows the examination of how people experience and perceive environmental change as well as how their desires and aspirations shape their adaptation preferences. In spite of a dwindling fishing economy and increased restriction to accessing lands for agriculture, older people value living in this community but expect their offspring to move to urban centres and join the regional tourism industry labour force. Formal education is seen as a strategic resource that can facilitate desirable livelihood transitions through access to better paid jobs and enabling the mobilisation of local knowledge and other resources into the local tourism economy in ways that allow individuals and households to retain their footing in the community.'Abstract not available'BackgroundFungi have multiple uses in temperate areas of but an important decrease in the traditional knowledge of uses and customs of mushrooms becomes a fundamental issue for fungi conservation. However, only few studies quantify the traditional ethnomycological knowledge in and this study is the first quantitative report for a central state with both and Mestizo communities and a high fungi diversity.MethodsThe present study was conducted registering traditional knowledge on the use and consumption of mushrooms in three communities Xajay, and in Amealco de Bonfil, between August 2013 and November 2014. We conducted a stratified sampling, where uses common and Spanish names, and eight quantitative variables that conform the Mushrooms Cultural Significant (EMCI) were recorded from 100 informants. For the classification and ordination analysis of species and uses, we used multivariate techniques such as cluster, multidimensional scaling, and principal components (PC).ResultsThirty-three mushrooms species were registered, most of them used for consumption by households, few aimed for commercial purposes, one species is medicinal, another has veterinary, and other ludic uses (as a toy). The three species with the highest EMCSI were Amanita basii, Fistulinella wolfeana, and Lactarius indigo. Edibility was the main use detected in the survey, and people harvested mushrooms provided by the forest mainly during the rainy season. We observed that mushroom searching and collection are activities that strengthen the family ties and are crucial for the transfer of this knowledge through generations. Cluster analysis separates groups according to different values in EMCSI variables, and principal components ordinate the species by frequencies (PC1) and traditions (PC2).ConclusionsThe current state of knowledge in the studied communities is strong, especially among women, but with a tendency to disappear due to migration and lack of interest among new generations. Future quantitative studies are important to analyze tendencies of the traditional ethnomycological knowledge transferred to new generations.''The Himalayan Mountains are placed among the globally recognized biodiversity hot spots. While the Indian Himalayan Region (IHR) has been subjected to extensive studies on plant and animal biodiversity, microbial diversity is now being studied for its bioprospection. The present paper deals with the evaluation of bacterial diversity in high-altitude soil samples from IHR following polyphasic approach including comparison between the MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry and 16S rRNA gene sequencing for species-level identification. Initially, a culture collection of large number of bacterial isolates was established in the laboratory. Performing morphological and biochemical screenings, sixty-one representative isolates were selected for mass spectrometry and gene sequencing. Both the methods emerged with bacterial identification showing maximum number of Bacillus followed by Pseudomonas species. The other frequently isolated strains belonged to the genera Alcaligenes, Carnobacterium, Lysinibacillus, Microbacterium, Paenarthrobacter, Rhodococcus, Serratia and Stenotrophomonas. Although the MALDI-TOF technique appeared to be advantageous as less time-consuming in comparison with 16S rRNA-based method, the discrepancies at species level indicated the limited database of MALDI Biotyper and species complexity in the genera. The remarkable characteristics of the bacterial isolates were their tolerance to wide range of pH and temperature. Their potential to produce industrially valuable enzymes indicated their importance in bioprospection. Accessioning of these bacterial isolates in microbial culture collections is a cautious effort for their availability to conduct advanced research on these cold-adapted bacteria in future.''Modeling how crop plants evolve under domestication requires estimating among-plant variation in important parameters of the reproductive system, including fecundity the number of propagules produced and propagule quality. Measuring these traits poses particular problems in vegetatively propagated crop plants. Unlike seeds, vegetative propagules are not intrinsic biological entities but are prepared by farmers. Propagule number and quality are thus determined by the interaction between plant traits and how farmers prepare propagules. We conducted observations, interviews and experiments to study this interaction in cassava grown by Makushi Amerindians, examining how both sources of variation, in plant traits and in practices, combine to determine the number and quality of propagules produced. Increased stake mass, determined mostly by stem diameter, leads to increased yield and also to increased asexual of the resulting plant. practices reflect knowledge of this relationship. Diameter is the key criterion in the selection of stems for stakes. Larger diameters are preferred; when thinner stems are used, stakes are cut longer, partially compensating for reduced mass. These results suggest that conscious and unconscious selection to increase and propagule quality in cassava would act to favor plants with thicker stems. Mean stem diameter is greater, and variation in stem diameter is lower, in little-branched plants. Selection for increased asexual can thus have led to reduction in the degree of branching, one of the most striking differences between domesticated cassava and its wild ancestors. Measuring variation in asexual fecundity is a key step in analyzing evolution of the mixed clonal/sexual reproductive systems that characterize many vegetatively propagated crop plants.''Natural and human processes have threatened human access to sufficient and clean water. In areas prone to natural disasters, governments play a vital role in the proactive development of measures prioritizing human rights to water. This article is a case study of a series of tragic events in 2011 that led to a landslide in the Cervantes neighborhood in Manizales, Colombia. The disaster left the city and surrounding municipalities without water for over gas and power were intermittent during this period; 145 people were displaced by the disaster; and 48 died. There is still a debate about whether this disaster was caused by nature or people. Our goal was to determine views and perceptions regarding the causes leading to the magnitude of this tragedy. The Q methodology (Q) was employed as a valuable qualitative and quantitative empirical tool to identify, analyze, and compare perception groups that emerged from the stakeholder participant pool of this case study. The Q allowed us to determine critical information for disaster mitigation that was based on the similarities and differences in viewpoints regarding the causes that influenced the magnitude of the event. The three social perception groups that surfaced from this study reflect the causes believed to have affected the magnitude and after effects of the events, namely (1) the lack of proactive measures to prepare for future landslide events; (2) the portrayal of nature as the main contributor to the magnitude and after effects of the disaster, while portraying the utilities company as a non-contributor; and (3) the apparent effort to avoid the incrimination of specific entities and authorities. Natural forces are more powerful than human, but measures can be taken to mitigate the magnitude of natural disasters. It is important for policy makers to ensure that the interests of all stakeholders are represented in actions to mitigate natural disasters in the city of Manizales.'Abstract not available'The European Water Framework Directive offers an unprecedented opportunity for improvement of ecological quality of both freshwater and marine systems. It has implications for every aspect of how catchments are used by human societies and could potentially mean a step change in how waters and catchments are managed. It must be implemented, however, by official bodies, which seem likely to apply ecologically outdated approaches, used in the past simply to manage water quality, to tackle the very different problem of improving ecological quality. Ecological quality can be characterised by parsimony of available nutrients, characteristic physical and biological structure, strong connectivity among systems and mechanisms of resilience to cope with normal, natural change. The implications of these are that high quality systems in a given location do not have unique lists of species and single formulae for how the biodiversity is constituted. They have considerable inherent variability whilst preserving their fundamental functional characteristics. This appears not to have been recognised by official bodies that seek simple taxonomic indices as measures of quality. To some extent this is a function of the way the Directive has been written, but a slavish adherence to this approach may undermine the spirit of the Directive and result in a failure to bring about the fundamental reform that is needed.''The native palm flora of Ecuador consists of 129 taxa, including at least 69 species used by rural people, 19 of which are exploited commercially. This paper integrates bioclimatic modeling of palm distribution and quantitative ranking through pair-wise comparisons of species as a tool to evaluate and map the importance of 14 taxa of commercially exploited palms in Ecuador based on criteria of harvest values, sustainability, vegetation cover and population density. The ranking procedure could find broad application within ethnobotany and economic botany. Results show that extraction of palm products, economically speaking, is most important in the heavily deforested and populated coastal lowland.''A well-known facet of ecosystems is that the boundaries or transitions from one ecosystem to exhibit high levels of species richness or biodiversity. These transitional areas often show features of species composition, structure, and function representative of the ecosystems they transcend, as well as having their own unique array of species and characteristics. Cultural transitional where two or more cultures converge and similarly rich and diverse in cultural traits, exhibiting cultural and linguistic features of each of the contributing peoples. This results in an increase in cultural capital, and resilience, by providing a wider range of traditional ecological knowledge and wisdom on which to draw, especially in times of stress and change. We propose that indigenous peoples whose living territories traverse ecological edges have a correspondingly increased access to economically important resources and therefore have a greater capacity for flexibility. Finally, we suggest that indigenous peoples are drawn to areas having a high incidence of ecological edges, and furthermore, that they actively create and maintain ecological edges. This practice provides them with a greater diversity of cultural capital and helps to maintain their flexibility and resilience. Examples from several regions of Canada are provided, from the southern interior of British Columbia, to the Lake Winnipeg watershed of Manitoba and Ontario, to James Bay.''Reducing the threats of sulfate ion deposition to terrestrial ecosystems is a great challenge. The canopy interception effect on deposition has been well documented, but the interception efficiency of the gap edge remains unknown. Therefore, a subalpine dragon spruce (Picea asperata) plantation was evaluated in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River. The dynamics of the concentration in the throughfall were investigated from the gap edge to the closed canopy during the rainfall and snowfall periods from August 2015 to July 2016. The annual input of totaled 2.56 kg/ha through rainfall and 0.69 kg/ha through snowfall. The total annual net interception fluxes (NIFs) of at the gap edge and in the closed canopy were 1.48 kg/ha and 0.66 kg/ha, respectively, and the net interception ratios (NIRs) accounted for 45.40% and 20.25%, respectively. The NIF and the NIR of at the gap edge were higher than those in the closed canopy. Therefore, the results suggested that a significant amount of deposition was intercepted by the tree canopy in the subalpine plantation, with more deposition at the gap edge than in the closed canopy, which is beneficial for improving the water quality in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River via forest management.''The relationship between investments of labor to agricultural production and environmental degradation in rural areas of the developing world is complex. This paper reports on qualitative and quantitative research focused on the effects of labor availability and its compensation on the way in which cattle are herded in the Maasina region of Central Mali. Within this particular region, two social relationships determine the level and form of herder compensation: that between herd patriarch and cattle owner, and that between herd patriarch and herder. Both the nature of these relationships and variations in herding practice are described prior to a presentation of statistical analyses of the effects of household labor availability and cattle wealth on travel and grazing management decisions. Reductions in both the availability of herding labor and in the economic security of Fulsse households are shown to lead to reduced herd mobility and more constricted grazing patterns with significant environmental implications.''The traditional management systems of the Mixteca Alta Region of Oaxaca, Mexico offer historical lessons about resilience to changes and variability in climate. We interviewed small farmers to inquire about the dynamics of abandonment and persistence of a traditional management system known as cajete maize. The previous generation had sown cajete maize more extensively across the landscape, but farmers increasingly relegated it to high elevation, frost prone agricultural environments that were less suited for seasonal maize. We interpret narratives of changing cropping systems from a perspective of general agroecological resilience. The most recent years presented increasingly extreme climatic and socioeconomic hardships: increased temperatures, delayed rainy seasons, reduced capacity of soils to retain soil moisture, changing cultural norms, and reduced rural labor. Transformative change is required to develop novel cropping systems and complementary activities to agriculture that will allow for farming to be sustained in the face of these challenges.'Abstract not available'The physical, chemical and mineralogical aspects of the use of spectroscopy in studies of clay-based ceramics are described. spectra of pottery clays fired under oxidising, reducing and changing conditions are explained, and the possibilities of using spectra to derive information on the firing temperatures and the kiln atmosphere during firing in antiquity are discussed and illustrated by examples.''Large, multinational resource development projects can affectmany aspects, including social, economic and ecological realities, in the regions where they operate. Social and environmental issues that are usually ignored in such projectsare increasingly affecting the financial future of multinationalcorporations in negative ways. In this article, we advance the argument that corporations can successfully manage these issuesand that if they choose to view these management efforts as an investment rather than an expense, they may well acquire a competitive advantage over companies that do not. We describe asa case study the Camisea natural gas and condensates developmentproject in Peru, operated by Shell Prospecting and Development Peru (SPDP). Camisea is one of the first projects anywhere inthe world to conduct a detailed analysis of key industry-relatedsocial issues and the processes, required investment and financial impact of managing them. The Camisea example supportsthe argument that addressing social and environmental concerns makes financial sense. In present value terms, the benefit ofmanaging these concerns was expected to surpass the cost investment by approximately US$50 million.'Abstract not available'In this study we perform an ecological analysis of the resources use in the diet of the ribeirinho populations of the Barcelos municipality, Rio Negro, Amazonas, Brazil. Data on food composition, seasonality, and origin took place during three field trips between 1999 and 2000. Data were gathered based on structured interviews and observations from a total of 320 meals of 114 randomly selected families and 164 fishing trips. The staple food of the studied populations is based on fish and manioc, although the food niche amplitude can vary according to the factors such as the access to imported food items, resources seasonality, and socio-economic conditions. The migration to urban centers along with the changes in subsistence activities (reduction of small-scale agriculture and specialization in commercial fishing) may result in changes in the food habits of ribeirinho populations from Rio Negro.'Abstract not available'The German Small-scale Bottom Trawl Survey (GSBTS) was initiated in 1987 in order to provide complementary investigations to the International Bottom Trawl Survey (IBTS) in the North Sea, using the same methodology but focussing high-intensity sampling on selected survey areas. Over the last 20 years, the initial number of 4 survey areas (10 10 nautical miles; has been increased to 12, which are distributed over the entire North Sea. This paper describes the survey methods of the GSBTS, summarizes the scientific outcome of the first 20 years, and suggests that international fisheries research institutions would join the GSBTS.The major outcomes of the survey include to Documentation changes in the distribution of fish species and in species assemblages (e.g. changes in species richness, shifts in the southern species Geostatistical evaluation of GSBTS Analysis of spatial scale effects: the relevance of GSBTS survey results for interpreting large-scaled abundance and distribution data from the Description of benthic habitats, composition of invertebrate fauna and its Process studies, especially investigation of predator-prey interactions between fish through analyses of stomach Characterization of the typical hydrographic conditions in the survey areas and their variability, and description of the nutrient Observations of seabirds and their feeding Analysis of the effects of different parameters on catch rates for bottom fish and on the estimates of abundance indices (e.g. vessel and gear effects, towing time, hydrographic conditions, time of day, number of hauls per continuing this interdisciplinary survey with simultaneous sampling of all faunal and environmental compartments and especially in making it an international effort, we see the possibility of contributing data for the implementation of the ecosystems approach to fisheries management. Particularly, the following aspects can be addressed and would further increase the scientific value of the Combining the survey data with highly resolved data from the commercial fishery to separate the effects of fishing from natural Further interdisciplinary analyses of the entire data set. Main aspects include benthos-fish-bird-community changes over time and their relation to historic fisheries impacts, and the coupling of biological and physical habitat Collection of accompanying data (phyto-, zoo- and ichthyoplankton data) in order to make the GSBTS a true ecosystem survey in detecting temporal changes in nearly all major levels of the food'The existence of six varieties of Acacia caven has been established on the basis of differences in fruit morphology. Taking into account the controversial evidence provided by morphology, molecular markers might be a useful tool for evaluation of genetic differentiation among varieties of A. caven. Given this fact, we conducted a parallel analysis of genetic and phenotypic diversity among and within six varieties of A. caven with the objective of determining whether the varieties described on morphological grounds represent genetically differentiated entities. Distinction of the six varieties was examined using morphological and random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) markers. RAPD data were analyzed with basic descriptive genetic statistics, by hierarchical genetic analysis, and by discriminant analysis. Morphological data were studied by means of univariate, multivariate, and discriminant analysis. The results from analysis of variance components for morphological data are in concordance with those from molecular markers, because most of the variance is found within populations. The results, obtained here from molecular markers, support the taxonomic differentiation of the six varieties studied.''Apuleia Mart., a genus of the Leguminosae native to South America, is revised. Species limits within the genus were tested using morphometrics and shape analysis of leaflets and fruits. Morphological evidence indicates that although there is great variation in Apuleia, the genus cannot be reliably separated into different species or infraspecific taxa. Apuleia is monospecific, comprising the single species A. leiocarpa (Vogel) J. F. Macbr.''Analyses of genetic diversity within populations could be of great benefit to plant genetic resources conservation. In order to identify genetic markers that are variable within populations, the genome of Phaseolus vulgaris was screened with several DNA sequences in order to identify hypervariable sequences. Polymorphisms were observed between Middle American and Andean cultivars using the protein III tandem repeat of the M13 phase and the 33.15 human minisatellite. Extensive differences were observed when the DNA of two divergent and Jalo EEP558, of Middle American and Andean origin, digested with HinfI, TaqI, HaeIII and hybridized with the 33.15 human minisatellite. Similarly, numerous polymorphisms were observed when the M13 protein III tandem repeat region was hybridized with TaqI digests of these cultivars. Polymorphism was also detected among sister lines of two F6 backcross materials involving Middle American and Andean lines when genomic DNA was digested with TaqI and hybridized with M13 tandem repeat region. In addition, polymorphism was observed among Porrillo cultivars that resulted from selection within a single landrace population. Whereas only one isozyme difference had been observed previously among the Porrillo cultivars, eleven restriction fragments detected by the M13 protein III tandem repeat sequence differentiated these cultivars. Ribosomal DNA also hybridized to several polymorphic bands on TaqI and EcoRI genomic Southern blots of the F6 backcross material. Only one polymorphism was observed with EcoRI-digested genomic DNA of BAT93 and Jalo EEP558 was hybridized with microsatellite (GACA)4. This probe might be useful in ascertaining relationships at the species and subspecies level, and as a marker in mapping studies. Our results show that both the human 33.15 minisatellite and M13 should be useful probes to detect within-population variability in common bean.'Abstract not available'BackgroundPatagonia extends for more than of irregular coasts is an area especially apt to evaluate how historic and contemporary processes influence the distribution and connectivity of shallow marine benthic organisms. The true limpet Nacella magellanica has a wide distribution in this province and represents a suitable model to infer the Quaternary glacial legacy on marine benthic organisms. This species inhabits ice-free rocky ecosystems, has a narrow bathymetric range and consequently should have been severely affected by recurrent glacial cycles during the Quaternary. We performed phylogeographic and demographic analyses of N. magellanica from 14 localities along its distribution in Pacific Patagonia, Atlantic Patagonia, and the Falkland/Malvinas Islands.ResultsMitochondrial (COI) DNA analyses of 357 individuals of N. magellanica revealed an absence of genetic differentiation in the species with a single genetic unit along Pacific Patagonia. However, we detected significant genetic differences among three main groups named Pacific Patagonia, Atlantic Patagonia and Falkland/Malvinas Islands. Migration rate estimations indicated asymmetrical gene flow, primarily from Pacific Patagonia to Atlantic Patagonia (Nem=2.21) and the Falkland/Malvinas Islands (Nem=16.6). Demographic reconstruction in Pacific Patagonia suggests a recent recolonization process (< supported by neutrality tests, mismatch distribution and the median-joining haplotype genealogy.ConclusionsAbsence of genetic structure, a single dominant haplotype, lack of correlation between geographic and genetic distance, high estimated migration rates and the signal of recent demographic growth represent a large body of evidence supporting the hypothesis of rapid postglacial expansion in this species in Pacific Patagonia. This expansion could have been sustained by larval dispersal following the main current system in this area. Lower levels of genetic diversity in inland sea areas suggest that fjords and channels represent the areas most recently colonized by the species. Hence recolonization seems to follow a west to east direction to areas that were progressively deglaciated. Significant genetic differences among Pacific, Atlantic and Falkland/Malvinas Islands populations may be also explained through disparities in their respective glaciological and geological histories. The Falkland/Malvinas Islands, more than representing a glacial refugium for the species, seems to constitute a sink area considering the strong asymmetric gene flow detected from Pacific to Atlantic sectors. These results suggest that historical and contemporary processes represent the main factors shaping the modern biogeography of most shallow marine benthic invertebrates inhabiting the Patagonian Province.''The current food production system is focused on a limited number of crops. However, international food demand is increasingly looking for more diversified supplies. In the Venezuelan State Amazonas, the Piaroa indigenous people collect and cultivate several indigenous species with local, regional, national and even international potential. A participatory approach was used to select, in cooperation with these Piaroa people, a list of products for in-depth economic analysis and for introduction in agroforestry trials in a later phase. Seven agroforestry food products of this list were identified as underutilized. Primary data collected through consumer and trader surveys on the local markets and participatory exercises in selected Piaroa communities revealed that the main causes of underutilization are the general lack of transport, processing and market infrastructure in Amazonas; the lack of demand, due to a lack of product information; the lack of market information and cooperation between the different market chain actors; and the low productivity of the traditional slash and burn plots. Solutions to overcome the infrastructural constraints are sought by looking at the example set by a local NGO.''The effect of habitat choice on fuelling behaviour and the organization of migration in birds has rarely been examined, despite the potential impact of widespread anthropogenic transformation of stopover regions. High energetic requirements in migrating birds mean that resource abundance, through its influence on fuel deposition rates (FDR), is expected to be the main determinant of stopover and migration strategy. We examined the spring stopover of Tennessee Warblers (Oreothlypis peregrina) in northern Colombia, evaluating how diet, FDR, stopover duration, departure mass and estimated flight range varied between two commonly used stopover habitats: shade coffee plantations and pre-montane forests. Diet included insects in both habitats, but fruit was only consumed in pre-montane forest, where FDR was highest (FDR LBM/day; LBM/day). Three different estimates of stopover duration suggested longer stays in coffee but lengthier durations did not result in equivalent departure mass between habitats, such that estimated flight range was twice as long for birds departing forest relative to coffee We conclude that stopover performance differed between habitats, likely influencing the subsequent temporal and spatial organization of spring migration. On the basis of flight ranges, stopovers in shade coffee may also increase the risks of trans-Caribbean flights, suggesting a mechanism by which stopover habitat could directly influence survival. Given that fruit consumption in forest probably explains these differences, we recommend the identification of appropriate fruiting trees for Neotropical agroforestry systems that can tolerate a variety of conditions and increase the quality of these anthropogenic habitats for migratory and other frugivorous birds.''This study evaluated P. edulis f. edulis intraspecific variation at DNA level using AFLPs and SSRs. About 60 specimens were collected from Colombian commercial plantations in the departments of Antioquia, Cundinamarca, Huila, and Tolima. Ten specimens were also included from La Selva research center Passiflora germplasm bank. A non-commercial purple passion fruit plant and three species from the Passiflora genus (Passiflora maliformis, Passiflora edulis f. flavicarpa and Passiflora ligularis) were included as controls. The six most informative ones were selected from the initial screening of 49 different AFLP primer combinations; DNA fragments for each combination in each genotype (total 419 fragments) were obtained by using these six combinations. 17 SSR primers reported in P. edulis f. flavicarpa and Passiflora alata were tested on purple passion fruit. Eight of them were successfully amplified but none showed polymorphism. Relationships among individuals were assessed on AFLP data using cluster analysis by Dice coefficient, UPGMA algorithm and the multiple correspondence analysis ordination method based on Greenacre measurement. The similarity coefficients ranged from 0.75 to 1.00 giving an average of 0.96 within the different purple passion fruit materials, showing low genetic variability for the purple passion fruit material used in this study.''BackgroundMadre de Dios, a southern state in the Peruvian Amazon basin, has experienced rapid development as well as an influx of migrants since the construction of the Interoceanic Highway (IOH) connecting Brazil, Bolivia, and the Peruvian coast. We explored perceptions of migration and development in up to eight communities along the IOH in Madre de Dios following construction of the highway.MethodsWe conducted a multiple methods study involving focus group (FG) discussions and interviews with key informants (KIs) in eight communities in Madre de Dios. The data was used to develop and apply a survey on demographics, financial, personal, social, human, and physical capital in four communities between February 2014 and March 2015.ResultsWe conducted 12 FGs and 34 KI interviews. A total of 522 people participated in the survey. Comparing migrants (those who had moved to the area after construction of the IOH) and non-migrants, we found no difference in food security or access to health services. The majority (67.6%) of respondents from both groups reported that illness was their primary threat to well-being. Non-migrants owned more land than migrants were more likely to have piped water directly in their home and were more likely to participate in community groups Looking at perceptions about migrants, KIs and FGs discussed both positive perceptions of migrants (increased cultural exchange and new technology) and negative perceptions (increased drugs and alcohol in their communities and a lack of investment in the community). Both migrants and non-migrants reported trusting the local government more than the national government.ConclusionsAlthough we hypothesized that migrants would have decreased access to food, water, health services, and land relative to non-migrants, our results show that the only significant differences were in land ownership and water access. Efforts to improve community infrastructure should be carried out at the local level and focus on improving issues reported by both groups, such as potable water, sewage, and increased access to health services. Furthermore, an emphasis on community cohesion, ensuring land rights, and increasing long-term job opportunities should help ease tensions between migrants and non-migrants.''The use of tissue culture techniques for the international movement of potato clonal germplasm was studied. cultures were established from virus-free plants by procedures described earlier by the authors. Well developed plantlets, regenerated aseptically from of shoots produced in multi-meristem cultures, were used for international transfer. The medium contained the Murashige-Skoog mineral and vitamin components, with 2% sucrose, and was supplemented with 2 mg/l calcium pantothenate and 0.2 mg/l gibberellic acid. The cultures survived the mail shipment when 1% agar medium and small test tubes were used; polystyrene containers reduced damage due to abrupt temperature changes.At the receiving end, higher survival rates during the recovery of plants was achieved through potting of plantlets regenerated from nodal cutting cultures.A total of 43 pest and disease-free potato clones have been distributedin vitro from CIP to 10 different countries.The training of technicians from developing countries played an important role in the application of these methods.''Both tillage erosion and water erosion are severe erosional forms that occur widely on sloping agricultural land. However, previous studies have rarely considered the process of landform change due to continuous simulation experiments of alternating tillage erosion and water erosion. To identify such changes, we applied a scouring experiment (at a 60 L water discharge rate based on precipitation data from the local meteorological station and the catchment area in the Yuanmou County, Yunnan Province, China) and a series of simulated tillage experiments where plots were consecutively tilled 5, 10, and 15 times in rotation (representing 5 yr, 10 yr, and 15 yr of tillage) at slope gradients of and Close-range photogrammetry (CRP) employing an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) and a real-time kinematic global positioning system (RTK-GPS) was used to measure landform changes, and high-resolution digital elevation models (DEMs) were generated to calculate net soil loss volumes. Additionally, the CRP was determined to be accurate and applicable through the use of erosion pins. The average tillage erosion rates were 69.85, 131.45, and 155.34 and the average water erosion rates were 1892.52, 2961.76, and 4405.93 for the and sloping farmland plots, respectively. The water erosion rates increased as tillage intensity increased, indicating that tillage erosion accelerates water erosion. Following these intensive tillage treatments, slope gradients gradually decreased, while the trend in slope gradients increased in runoff plots at the conclusion of the scouring experiment. Compared to the original plots (prior to our experiments), interactions between tillage and water erosion caused no obvious change in the landform structure of the runoff plots, while the height of all the runoff plots decreased. Our findings showed that both tillage erosion and water erosion caused a pseudo-steady-state landform evolutionary mechanism and resulted in thin soil layers on cultivated land composed of purple soil in China.''I propose a methodology to obtain and compare integral information on bird plumage coloration, using colour spectral data to conduct studies on geographic variation and taxonomy of different bird groups. I used principal component analysis and discriminant function analysis to compare groups of individuals by plumage coloration. As examples of the application of the methodology, I compared populations within the genus Eulampis and Anthracothorax. The results indicate possible taxonomic inadequacies and reveal situations that deserve further analysis, demonstrating the potential of the methodology in this area.'spite of potentially being an important source of rhizobial diversity and a key determinant of common bean productivity, there is a paucity of data on Rhizobium genetic variation and species composition in the important bean producing area of Chile and only one species has been documented (Rhizobium leguminosarum). In this study, 240 Rhizobium isolates from Torcaza bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) nodules established in the highest bean producing area in Chile and were characterized by PCR-RFLP markers for nodC gene, revealing eight banding patterns with the polymorphic enzyme Hinf I. The locality of San de Aurora in Central Chile had the highest level of diversity. Isolates were classified by species using PCR-RFLP markers for 16S rDNA gene and were confirmed by sequencing an internal fragment of the 16S rDNA gene. The results confirmed the presence of R. leguminosarum and three other species of rhizobia nodulating beans in South Central Chile (R. etli, R. tropici and R. leucaenae). R. tropici and R. leucaenae showed the least genetic variation and were most commonly identified in acid soils, while R. etli was the most common species in slightly acidic to moderately alkaline soils, with higher levels of organic matter content. R. leguminosarum was identified in almost all soils, was the most genetically diverse, and was the most common, being documented in soils with pH that ranged between 5.3 and 8.2, and with organic matter content between 2.1 and'Chironomid assemblages of 22 artificial water bodies, mainly fountains, in two South American cities were surveyed. We found surprisingly low diversities, with a total of 11 taxa, averaging two taxa per site. The typical fountain assemblages mainly consisted of common species that have a wide distribution pattern and are tolerant to organic pollution. Also taxa independent of the natural aquatic sources, such as tap-water and semi-terrestrial species were represented. There was no significant difference between the taxa richness of the two S. American regions, however, the assemblage structures of the water bodies of Quito and differed significantly. There was no correlation between sample similarities and distances among the sites either. The low number of taxa recorded can be attributed to the combination of naturally limited species pool and the heavy pollution in natural water bodies as colonization sources.''Layers of volcanic ash and Andosol soils derived from the ash may play an important role in preserving snow and ice as well as in the development of permafrost conditions in (a) the immediate vicinity of volcanoes at high elevations or at high latitudes and (b) land areas that are often distant from volcanic activity and are either prone to permafrost or covered by snow and ice, but have been affected by subaerial ash deposition. The special properties of volcanic ash are critically reviewed, particularly in relation to recent research in Kamchatka in the Far East of Russia. Of special importance are the thermal properties, the unfrozen water contents of ash layers, and the rate of volcanic glass weathering.Weathering of volcanic glass results in the development of amorphous clay minerals (e.g. allophane, opal, palagonite), but occurs at a much slower rate under cold compared to warm climate conditions. Existing data reveal (1) a strong correlation between the thermal conductivity, the water/ice content, and the mineralogy of the weathered part of the volcanic ash, (2) that an increase in the amounts of amorphous clay minerals (allophane, palagonite) increases the proportion of unfrozen water and decreases the thermal conductivity, and (3) that amorphous silica does not alter to halloysite or other clay minerals, even in the Early Pleistocene age (Kamchatka) volcanic ashes or in the Miocene and Pliocene deposits of Antarctica due to the cold temperatures. The significance of these findings are discussed in relation to past climate reconstruction and the influence of volcanic ash on permafrost aggradation and degradation, snow and ice ablation, and the development of glaciers.''Analysis of casualties due to landslides from 2000 to 2012 revealed that their spatial pattern was affected by terrain and other natural environmental factors, which resulted in a higher distribution of landslide casualty events in southern China than in northern China. Hotspots of landslide-generated casualties were in the western Sichuan mountainous area and Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau region, southeast hilly area, northern part of the loess hilly area, and Tianshan and Qilian Mountains. However, local distribution patterns indicated that landslide casualty events were also influenced by economic activity factors. To quantitatively analyse the influence of natural environment and human-economic activity factors, the Probability Model for Landslide Casualty Events in China (LCEC) was built based on logistic regression analysis. The results showed that relative relief, GDP growth rate, mean annual precipitation, fault zones, and population density were positively correlated with casualties caused by landslides. Notably, GDP growth rate ranked only second to relative relief as the primary factors in the probability of casualties due to landslides. The occurrence probability of a landslide casualty event increased 2.706 times with a GDP growth rate increase of 2.72%. In contrast, vegetation coverage was negatively correlated with casualties caused by landslides. The LCEC model was then applied to calculate the occurrence probability of landslide casualty events for each county in China. The results showed that there are 27 counties with high occurrence probability but zero casualty events. The 27 counties were divided into three categories: poverty-stricken counties, mineral-rich counties, and real-estate overexploited counties; these are key areas that should be emphasized in reducing landslide risk.''''Cichlids are a conspicuous component of Amazonian ichthyofauna, filling a wide range of niches. Yet taxonomy of many groups is still poorly the Amazon, and most of the yet-to-be discovered species are concentrated there. We analyzed 230 individuals sampled from six major Amazonian River Basins representing 56 morpho-species, 34 nominal and 22 in 18 cichlid genera. We used four different single-locus species-discovery (SLSD) methods, delimiting between 53 (mPTP) and 57 (GMYC) species/lineages. When detected, species/lineages are hierarchically geographically structured. Many groups such as the Geophaginae and the Cichlinae have recently diversified, and species of genera such as Cichla and Symphysodon hybridize or have a history of hybridization; thus, these species will not be detected by SLSD methods. At the same time, for example, the genera Apistogramma and Biotodoma harbor cryptic species. For all these reasons, species/lineage diversity of Amazonian cichlids is significantly underestimated. The diversity of Amazonian cichlids is particularly remarkable given that the 570 species of Neotropical cichlids, many of which are from the Amazon Basin, are found in just 1.7% of the freshwater aquatic habitat in which species of the East African rift lake cichlids evolved.''The Chilean Intermediate Depression to the north of Santiago has experienced a physiognomical transformation from a Prosopis chilensis woodland to an Acacia caven savanna. Today P. chilensis trees are scarce and belong mostly to the larger size classes. By contrast A. caven seems to reproduce frequently and its populations consist of individuals of all size classes. In this paper we document these changes and report the results of tests aimed at determining the causes of these physiognomical changes. We found that livestock, leporids, introduced Mediterranean forbs and agriculture account for differences in seed dispersal and survival of A. caven and P. chilensis, which can explain the documented changes in the Chilean landscape.''Urbanization is one of the most important causes of ecological changes and biodiversity loss worldwide, and forests in Latin America provide valuable scenarios to understand the ecological effects of this human-driven phenomenon due to its high urbanization rate. Our aim was to investigate how urbanization shapes species richness (SR) and composition of anuran communities in NW Argentina, and to determine which suite of life history traits are related to anuran tolerance to urban development. We classified in Functional Groups (FG) based on a series of ecological traits and recognized them as urban-tolerant or urban-avoiders. We constructed an urbanization composite index (UI) through an exploratory factor analysis based on measures of artificial light intensity, noise pollution, land use types, and mean values of LTS, NDMI, and NDVI. We tested the response of SR, FG and species occurrence to UI with Generalized Linear Models and a variation partitioning analysis. Our results showed the negative influence of urbanization on anuran diversity and suggested that the loss of anuran species is not random, pointing to the presence of environmental filters. Only terrestrial frogs that build aquatic foam nests were not affected by an increase in urbanization, so they may be considered as urban--tolerant. Further, our results highlighted the important role of dispersal capacity in structuring the urban anuran assemblages. As ecologists working in urban habitats, we emphasize the need of a more comprehensive and generalized understanding of ecological and life history traits associated with urban tolerant anurans.''Inter-individual spacing of primates and their use of forest strata depend on temporal and spatial changes in the environment and on predator avoidance, group demography, and social conditions. Greater proximity also increases the chances of agonistic and affinitive contact between individuals. I collected behavioral data for three groups of yellow-tailed woolly monkeys (Lagothrix flavicauda) by instantaneous sampling of focal animals for in La Esperanza, northeastern Peru. By use of combined data for all groups I examined the effects of season, activity, and age/sex class on nearest-neighbor distances and forest strata use. Small differences were observed for nearest-neighbor distances, forest strata use by different age/sex classes, and activity. Adult males had the lowest contact index scores. Contact index scores were low for juvenile females, for which nearest-neighbor distances were largest. Very little aggressive behavior was observed. Focal animals preferred upper levels of the forest with little difference in height for different activities. Lagothrix flavicauda have very cohesive groups with little seasonal or activity-dependent difference between nearest-neighbor distances or proximity. These results suggest that this species has less variable social organization and greater group cohesion than other Atelini. However, more studies are needed on other populations of L. flavicauda to better determine the social organization. Studies are also required to determine the extent to which dispersal times and kinship affect proximity, nearest-neighbor distances, and aggression.''A phylogenetic study of Sobralia (Orchidaceae) confirmed the polyphyletic character of the genus. Sobralia also appears to be highly heteromorphic in the morphology, especially considering the position and architecture of inflorescence, lip form and kind of its outgrowths, length and form of stelidia of column. The infrageneric relationship of Sobralia species was revealed by analyses of three DNA markers (nuclear ITS, xdh and plastid matK). The nominal section of the genus appears to be more related with Elleanthus and other genera of Sobralieae than with the remaining species of Sobralia. Sobralia section Sobralia differs from other representatives of the genus by the position and architecture of inflorescence, smaller floral bracts and the morphology of the flowers. We propose a generic rank to the group despite its paraphyletic nature. Nomenclatural consequences of this proposal are briefly discussed. Appropriate transfers to the newly erected genus Brasolia are proposed. A new species, Brasolia floribunda, previously detected by Reichenbach, but never formally described, is validated. Lectotypes for five species and a neotype for the other one are proposed.''Goal, Scope and BackgroundOzone is the most important air pollutant in Europe for forest ecosystems and the increase in the last decades is significant. The ozone impact on forests can be calculated and mapped based on the provisional European Critical Level (AOT40 = accumulated exposure over a threshold of 40 ppb, 10,000 ppb.h for 6 months of one growing season calculated for 24h day-1).For Norway spruce, the Austrian main tree species, the ozone risk was assessed in a basis approach and because the calculations do not reflect the health status of forests in Austria, the AOT40 concept was developed.MethodsThree approaches were outlined and maps were generated for Norway spruce forests covering the entire area of 1st approach modifies the AOT40 due to the assumption that forests have adapted to the pre-industrial levels of ozone, which increase with altitude 2nd approach modifies the AOT40 according to the ozone concentration in the sub-stomata cavity. This approach is based on such factors as light intensity and water vapour saturation deficit, which affect stomatal uptake 3rd approach combines both approaches and includes the hemeroby. The pre-industrial ozone level approach was applied for autochthonous forest areas, the ozone-uptake approach for non-autochthonous forest and DiscussionThe provisional Critical Level (AOT40) was established to allow a uniform assessment of the ozone risk for forested areas in Europe. In Austria, where ozone risk is assessed with utmost accuracy due to the dense grid of monitoring plots of the Forest Inventory and because the continuously collected data from more than 100 air quality measuring stations, an exceedance up to the five fold of the Critical Level was found. The result could lead to a yield loss of up to and to a severe deterioration in the forest health status. However, the data of the Austrian Forest Inventory and the Austrian Forest Damage Monitoring System do not reflect such an ozone impact. Therefore, various approaches were outlined including the tolerance and avoidance mechanisms of Norway spruce against ozone impact.Taking into consideration the adaptation of forests to the pre-industrial background level of ozone, the AOT40 exceedances are markedly reduced (1st approach). Taking into account the stomatal uptake of ozone, unrealistic high amounts of exceedances up to 10,000 ppb.h were found. The modelled risk does not correspond with the health status and the wood increment of the Austrian forests (2nd approach). Consolidating the forgoing two approaches, a final map including the hemeroby was generated. It became clear that the less natural forested regions are highly polluted. This means, that more than half of the spruce forests are endangered by ozone impact and AOT40 values of up to 30,000 ppb.h occur (3rd approach).ConclusionsThe approaches revealed that a plausible result concerning the ozone impact on spruce forests in Austria could only be reached by combining pre-industrial ozone levels, ozone flux into the spruce needles and the hemeroby of forests.''Rainfall, a vital component of hydrological cycle, plays a key role in appropriate planning and sustainable management of water resources in water-short regions. However, its uneven distribution over the space and time necessitates getting knowledge about its variability. This study aimed at evaluating efficacy of ordinary and Bayesian kriging techniques in depicting spatial and temporal variability of annual rainfall in arid and semi-arid regions of north-west India. Using 35-year gridded rainfall datasets of India Meteorological Department (IMD at resolution, and Climate Forecast System Reanalysis (CFSR at resolution, geostatistical modelling was performed by employing five kriging techniques with novelty of exploring potential of empirical Bayesian kriging (EBK) technique, for the first time, for rainfall datasets in this study. Performance of the kriging techniques was evaluated by cross-validation based on five criteria. Both exponential ordinary kriging (EOK) and EBK revealed better performance over other kriging techniques. Thus, EOK and EBK were further examined by adopting goodness-of-fit criteria of correlation coefficient (r) and root-mean-square error (RMSE). Very high r values indicated equally excellent performance of both the techniques; however, less RMSE values in case of EBK suggested it as the best-fit technique, which was then used for developing spatially distributed rainfall raster. Spatially distributed 35-year mean annual rainfall (MAR) and coefficient of variation (CV) highlighted very high temporal variability of the annual rainfall in the western arid lands of the country with MAR values. Thus, under the scenario of scarce availability and high rainfall variability, urgent actions are needed to be taken such as implementation of rainwater-harvesting and groundwater-recharging structures, adoption of less water-requiring crops and micro-irrigation methods in agriculture. Moreover, these findings are useful for the decision makers, planners and resource managers to formulate appropriate strategies for conserving and sustainably managing precious rainwater quantities in arid regions worldwide.''BackgroundThe picturesque limestone karsts across the Sino-Vietnamese border are renowned biodiversity hotspot, distinguished for extremely high endemism of calciphilous plants restricted to caves and cave-like microhabitats that have functioned as biological refugia on the otherwise harsh habitats. To understand evolutionary mechanisms underlying the splendid limestone flora, dated phylogeny is reconstructed for Asian Begonia, a species-rich genus on limestone substrates represented by no less than 60 species in southern China, using DNA sequences of nrITS and chloroplast rpL16 intron. The sampling includes 94 Begonia species encompassing most major Asian clades with a special emphasized on Chinese species.ResultsExcept for two tuberous deciduous species and a species with upright stems, a majority of Sino-Vietnamese limestone Begonia (SVLB), including sect. Coelocentrum (19 species sampled) and five species of sect. Diploclinium, Leprosae, and Petermannia, are rhizomatous and grouped in a strongly supported and yet internally poorly resolved clade (Clade SVLB), suggesting a single evolutionary origin of the adaptation to limestone substrates by rhizomatous species, subsequent species radiation, and a strong tendency to retain their ancestral niche. Divergence-time estimates indicate a late Miocene diversification of Clade SVLB, coinciding with the onset of the East Asian monsoon and the period of extensive karstification in the area.ConclusionsBased on our phylogenetic study, Begonia sect. Coelocentrum is recircumscribed and expanded to include other members of the Clade SVLB (sect. Diploclinium: B. cavaleriei, B. pulvinifera, and B. wangii; sect. Leprosae: B. cylindrica and B. leprosa; sect. Petermannia: B. sinofloribunda). Because species of Clade SVLB have strong niche conservatism to retain in their ancestral habitats in cave-like microhabitats and Begonia are generally poor dispersers prone to diversify allopatrically, we propose that extensive and continuous karstification of the Sino-Vietnamese limestone region facilitated by the onset of East Asian monsoon since the late Miocene has been the major driving force for species accumulation via geographic isolation in Clade SVLB. Morphologically species of Clade SVLB differ mainly in vegetative traits without apparent adaptive value, suggesting that limestone Begonia radiation is better characterized as non-adaptive, an underappreciated speciation mode crucial for rapid species accumulations in organisms of low vagility and strong niche conservatism.''Small farmers who supply the city of with food are facing many challenges that are jeopardizing their livelihoods and by extension, the food security of capital. We expect future changes in climatic conditions to exacerbate the plight of the small farmers and this is expected to compromise food security even further. This paper specifically seeks to assess the impact of climate change (CC) on the livelihoods of smallholders who supply Bogota with most of its food. In our multidisciplinary methodology, we translated the exposure to CC into direct impact on crops and assessed sensitivity and adaptive capacity using the sustainable rural livelihoods framework. The results show that rainfall (by average of and temperature (by average of will increase over the study area, while the future climate suitability of the most important crops such as mango (Mangifera indica), papaya (Carica papaya), corn (Zea mays) and plantain (Musa balbisiana) shows a decrease of to climate suitability by the year 2050. The assessment of sensitivity and adaptive capacity demonstrates that farmers participating in a market, initiated by several local and international non-governmental organizations (NGOs), are less vulnerable to CC than farmers who sell through intermediaries. Those farmers selling directly to consumers in the market have a higher adaptive capacity (3 on a scale of 3) in social and financial capital than those selling to intermediaries with less adaptive capacity (1 on a scale of 3). In light of the reduction in overall climatic suitability of some of the major crops and the change of geographic location of suitability for others, there are likely to be serious threats for food security, the ecological landscape around the city, and livelihoods. We further conclude that unless proper adaptation measures are implemented, the geographical shift in climate suitability may also force farmers to shift their crops to higher elevations including remaining forests and (the Colombian alpine tundra ecosystems), which may be threatened in the near future.''Ecologists commonly use matrix models to study the population dynamics of plants. Most studies of plant demography use plot-based methods to collect data, in part, because mapped individuals are easier to relocate in subsequent surveys and survey methods can be standardized among sites. However, there is tremendous variation among studies, both in terms of plot arrangement and the total area sampled. In addition, there has been little discussion of how alternative sampling arrangements influence estimates of population growth rates calculated with matrix models. We surveyed the literature to determine what sampling designs are most used in studies of plant demography using matrix models. We then used simulations of three common sampling a single randomly placed plot, multiple randomly placed plots, and systematically distributed evaluate how these alternative strategies influenced the precision of estimates of These simulations were based on long-term demographic data collected on 13 populations of the Amazonian understory herb Heliconia acuminate (Heliconiaceae). We found that the method used to collect data did not affect the bias or precision of estimates in our surprising result, since the advantage in efficiency that is gained from systematic sampling is a well-known result from sampling theory. Because the statistical advantage of systematic sampling is most evident when there is spatial structure in demographic vital rates, we attribute this result to the lack of spatially structured vital rates in our focal populations. Given the likelihood of spatial autocorrelation in most ecological systems, we advocate sampling with a systematic grid of plots in each study site, as well as that researchers ensure that enough area is within and across encompass the range of spatial variation in plant survival, growth, and reproduction.''As the global human population continues to increase and become more industrialized, the need for safe, secure, and sustainable protein production is critical. One sector of particular importance is seafood production, where capture fishery and aquaculture industries provide of the global protein supply. However, fish production can be severely affected by diseases. Notably, viral hemorrhagic septicemia, caused by the viral hemorrhagic septicemia virus (VHSv; Rhabdoviridae), may be one of the most devastating viral diseases of fishes worldwide. We explored the ecology and epidemiology of VHSv using an ecological niche modeling approach to identify vulnerable disease-free regions. Results showed an impressive ecological plasticity of VHSv. The virus was found in fish species in marine and freshwater ecosystems, with high diversity of lineages in Eurasia. Sub-genotypes from marine and fresh waters were ecologically similar, suggesting broad ecological niches, rather than rapid evolutive adaptation to novel environments. Ecological niche models predicted that VHSv may have favorable physical (e.g., temperature, runoff), chemical (e.g., salinity, pH, phosphate), and biotic (i.e., chlorophyll) conditions for establishing into areas with important fish industries that, so far, are believed to be disease-free (i.e., freshwater and marine ecosystems of Africa, Latin America, Australia, and inland China). The model and our review suggest fish species from the Perciformes, Salmoniformes, and Gadiformes orders are likely to be infected with VHSv in novel regions as the virus expands its range to areas predicted to be at risk. In conclusion, VHSv remains an emerging disease threat to global food security and aquatic biodiversity.''Purpose of ReviewIntensive management of forest plantations has evolved significantly in recent decades because of advances in our understanding of environmental and silvicultural effects on forest productivity combined with improvements in information technologies. Our paper summarizes concepts that provide a basis for making strategic and operational silvicultural decisions that insure sustainability when applying intensive management of forest plantations. In addition, we include new information in areas where there are knowledge gaps in forest plantation management.Recent FindingsIntensive management of forest plantations increasingly incorporates large-scale precision silviculture to estimate silvicultural, biotic, and abiotic effects on site-specific forest productivity. Remote sensing measurements combined with strategically located ground information provide spatial modeling tools needed for this type of silviculture. Long-term field experiments, which are a part of this methodology, provide a mechanistic understanding of environmental and silvicultural effects on forest production that is required for the models driving silvicultural decisions. The focus on maximizing production will challenge scientific efforts to alleviate concerns about intensive land use and to provide solutions for water use conflicts while maintaining long-term productivity and sustainability. Future work will need to develop a better understanding of interactions to improve productivity and simultaneously provide improved ecosystem services.SummaryNew silviculture technology combines remote sensing information with ground data to model resource availability and limitations to forest productivity. Understanding permits successful implementation of these new silvicultural technologies. An improved understanding of will provide practical tools that may be incorporated into our scientific and technical models while providing robust economic sustainability.''''Recent identification of a newfound hantavirus, designated Seewis virus (SWSV), in the Eurasian common shrew (Sorex araneus), captured in Switzerland, corroborates decades-old reports of hantaviral antigens in this shrew species from Russia. To ascertain the spatial or geographic variation of SWSV, archival liver tissues from 88 Eurasian common shrews, trapped in Finland in 1982 and in Hungary during 1997, 1999 and 2000, were analyzed for hantavirus RNAs by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. SWSV RNAs were detected in 12 of 22 (54.5%) and 13 of 66 (19.7%) Eurasian common shrews from Finland and Hungary, respectively. Phylogenetic analyses of S- and L-segment sequences of SWSV strains, using maximum likelihood and Bayesian methods, revealed geographic-specific genetic variation, similar to the phylogeography of rodent-borne hantaviruses, suggesting long-standing hantavirus-host co-evolutionary adaptation.''A protocol has been developed for plantlet regeneration from seed callus of Bixa orellana L. Seeds demonstrated a high percentage of callus induction and a high yield mg per seed) of white friable callus on Murashige and Skoog (MS) medium containing 5.0 l-naphthaleneacetic acid (NAA) and (BA) within 6 wk of culture in the dark. Callus induction frequency was greater under 24h dark as compared to 16h light/8h dark photoperiod or 24h light photoperiod. Increased myo-inositol (MI: and addition of ascorbic acid (AA: 200 to the culture medium positively improved callus induction frequency and growth. Shoot differentiation from white friable seed callus was best using 10.0 BA and 5.0 NAA, where the highest percentage of calluses forming shools the highest number of shoots per callus (six or seven) and the highest shoot-forming index (5.0) were obtained within 6 wk. Shoots elongated to 4 cm within 4 wk of transfer onto MS medium devoid of growth regulators. Shoots were rooted using half-strength MS medium containing 5.0 indole-3-butyric acid (IBA). About 85% of these plants were established in pots containing pure garden soil and organic manure after 3 wk of hardening. Regenerated plants were morphologically uniform with normal leaf, shape and growth patterns. These plants are currently being screened for the presence of agronomically useful genetic variants.''Unlike the Arctic flora, with many flowering plant species offering opportunities to study evolutionary processes, the Antarctic flora offers only two. One of them is the Antarctic grass Deschampsia antarctica E. Desv., whose distribution spans from northern Patagonia (ca. down to Alamode Island (ca. in the west side of the Antarctic Peninsula. While some aspects of Antarctic plants have been extensively studied (e.g., anatomy, physiology, genetics), little is known about the related Patagonian populations. Particularly in cytogenetics, no single study has focused on continental populations and its relationships with the Antarctic plants. The combination of traditional fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) with a phylogenetic framework highlights the importance of cytogenetics in plant evolutionary studies, by allowing comparison of chromosome characters in phylogenetically related individuals. Most used characters for this purpose are the chromosome number, karyotype morphology and patterns of repetitive DNA. These were used to compare distant populations of D. antarctica in a phylogenetic framework, to obtain a first view of the cytogenetic structure of the species along its distribution. Patagonian populations have greater variability in the chromosomal and molecular characters, while Antarctic populations are very alike, hinting at a South American origin hypothesis. A polyploid population is reported for the first time, located on Central Patagonia populations, close to the northern limit of distribution range. Cytogenetic characteristics suggest that hybridization processes could have played an important role in the evolution of the genome of D. antarctica.''Sixty-seven potato varieties/hybrids were grouped in 15 clusters on the basis of D2 values. The clustering pattern was not influenced by the geographic diversity of the varieties. However, a segregation between varieties of the Tuberosum and Andigena type varieties was observed. The exotic potato varieties and also the Indian varieties bred from Tuberosums showed a poor divergence. In contrast, the divergence in the varieties developed from Tuberosum-Andigena crosses was much greater. The inter-cluster distance of such varieties, with respect to Tuberosum and Andigena clusters, appeared to be influenced by the cytoplasm they carried. The varieties with Tuberosum cytoplasm were closer to clusters having Tuberosum varieties and those with Andigena cytoplasm were closer to clusters having Andigena type varieties. The characters least influenced by the selection during the course of evolution of the present day varieties were found to be mainly responsible for adding divergence to the population. A breeding plan involving varieties from different clusters has been outlined.''BackgroundDigestive system disorders have a substantial effect on worldwide morbidity and mortality rates, including in Thailand, where the majority of the rural areas have a lack of proper sanitation and awareness about disease prevention. This has led to the prevalence of different types of digestive diseases. Karen people in Thailand still use medicinal plants as first aid remedies in treating these diseases. Therefore, this study aimed at documenting the plants used to cure and prevent different types of digestive system disorders by Karen people of Chiang Mai Province, northern Thailand.MethodsEthnomedicinal data were collected from six key informants and 172 non-specialist informants regarding their traditional knowledge of medicinal plants. Quantitative approaches were used to determine Use Value (UV), Informant Consensus Factor (ICF) and Fidelity Level (FL) values.ResultsThe study revealed that 36 medicinal plant species belonging to 31 genera and 24 families were used to treat digestive system disorders. The most prevalent plant families were Zingiberaceae (6 species), Euphorbiaceae (4 species) and Fabaceae (4 species). Leaves were the most commonly used plant part accounting for 32.6% of the plants, followed by the bark (18.6%). About 60% of the administrations were given orally by potion (60%) and consumption as food was also indicated (14%). The highest ICF values were recorded for carminative disorders, stomachaches, geographic tongue, constipation, appetite stimulants and food poisoning (1.00 each) indicating the best agreement among the informants knowledge of medicinal plants that were used to treat aliments in these categories. The highest fidelity level values were recorded for Punica granatum (100.00), Psidium guajava (95.45), and Gymnopetalum integrifolium (90.91) showing conformity of knowledge on species with the best healing potential.ConclusionMedicinal plants still play an important role among Karen culture. The present information on these medicinal plants, which have high UV and FL values, may serve as the baseline data to initiate further research for the discovery of new compounds and the biological activities of these potential plant remedies. Further research on these plants may provide some important clues for the development of new drugs for the treatment of digestive system diseases.''Acidic precipitation can be characterized as wet or frozen atmospheric deposition with a hydrogen ion concentration greater than 2.5 liter-1. Acidic precipitation is perceived as a significant air pollution problem derived chiefly from combustion of fossil fuels, smelting of sulfide metals, and other industrial processes. Precipitation data from the northeastern United States show a mean pH of between 4.0 and 4.2 with a range of from 3.0 to 6.0 among individual events. Although visible injury to plant foliage has been documented in a variety of studies only one case of visible foliar injury from the acidity in ambient rainfalls has been documented. Acidic precipitation can contribute nutrients to vegetation and could also influence nutrient leaching rates from vegetation. Although these processes occur, there are no data that show changes in nutrient levels in foliage that relate to crop or natural ecosystem productivity. Although no consistent patterns are presently known, acidic precipitation may affect host-plant pathogen interactions. Few experiments with field-grown crops or vegetation under natural conditions have been performed. Many of the studies are inadequate because they have been conducted with inadequate replication of treatments coupled with vigorous statistical analyses. Studies with field-grown crops are evaluated. Acidification of fresh waters of the northeastern United States is caused by acid deposition. Such regions in which this acidification occurs have in common, volume weighted mean H+ concentrations of liter-1 or higher and slow weathering of granitic or Precambrian bedrock with thin soils deficient in minerals that provide buffering capacity. As freshwater acidification occurs, many plants, invertebrates, and vertebrates are progressively eliminated. Generally, fisheries are severely impacted when lake pH falls below 5.0. Fish are almost always eliminated when the lake pH is below 4.8.''Soil seed and spore banks are seen to affect the composition and structure of plant communities, especially in wetlands. This study was conducted in a flooded mountain meadow in the Nahuel Huapi National Park, Patagonia, Argentina. Species density and composition were determined for spring (November 1989) and autumn (April 1990) using the emergence technique. Viable diaspore (i.e., seed and spores) density was greater for autumn samples (17,063 than for spring samples (10,047 A sizeable pool of fern spores was also found, which represented 17.8 and 60.2% of the autumn and spring collections, respectively. Species composition of the seed and spore banks varied seasonally, and seeds of the dominant species were only present in autumn. Seed bank species were mostly perennials, exceptMimulus parviflorus. The composition of the seed bank compared with that of the above-ground vegetation yielded a relatively low correlation between germinable seeds in the soil and the surface plant community. In addition, no ferns were present in the surface community. These results suggest that neither seed nor spore banks control vegetation dynamics, probably because perennial and rhizomatous plants are the dominant components of the wetland community.''Here we describe a new genus and species of giant ground sloth, Xibalbaonyx oviceps (Megalonychidae, Xenarthra), from the drowned cave system of the northeastern Peninsula. The specimen is Late Pleistocene in age and was discovered in the Zapote sinkhole (cenote) near Puerto Morelos in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo. Xibalbaonyx oviceps differs significantly from all hitherto known Megalonychidae including those from the Greater Antilles and South America. The new taxon suggests a local Caribbean radiation of ground sloths during the Late Pleistocene, which is consistent with the dispersal of the group along a Mexican corridor.''A new species of Adelobotrys DC., A. atlantica Schulman, is described and illustrated. This is the first record of the genus in the Atlantic rainforests of Brazil. The only known specimen of the new species was collected in 1943 close to the sizeable city of in an area that has probably now been converted to managed land. It is therefore possible that A. atlantica is already extinct.'"The buffy-headed marmoset (Callithrix flaviceps) is apparently the only predispersal herbivore of the seeds of Siparuna guianensis at the Caratinga Biological Station in southeastern Brazil. Both the fruit receptacles and the frutioles (seeds) of S. guianensis are relatively rich in nutrients such as carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids, but the receptacles contain high concentrations of benzylisoquinoline alkaloids. The latter presumably act as a qualitative chemical defense, impeding the access of potential predators to the alkaloid-poor frutioles. However, on ripening, the receptacle splits open, exposing the frutioles, which enables C. flaviceps to avoid the plant's chemical defenses effectively. Taking care to avoid contact with the receptacle, the marmosets pluck out the frutioles and ingest the seeds. Qualitative and quantitative changes (in particular a significant reduction in daily ranging) in the marmosets' behavior during the period when S. guianensis frutioles were accessible indicate that this was a preferred plant resource. This is the first record of the consumption of S. guianensis seeds by callitrichine monkeys (which are not known to be systematic seed eaters), despite the fact that both are widely distributed in the Neotropics. It is thus possible that the behavioral strategy observed here is a unique phenomenon resulting from a specific combination of factors, including the abundance of S. guianensis within the study area. The lack of other records may nevertheless be a result of insufficient sampling effort, in which case, the feeding strategies of callitrichines may have an important influence on the reproductive biology of S. guianensis in many areas."'A total of 71 bat flies belonging to families Nycteribiidae and Streblidae, and 37 mites were collected on 12 species of bats (Phyllostomidae and Vespertilionidae) from the Chapada do Abanador (Minas Gerais, Brazil), between July 2009 and April 2010. Two new occurrences of ectoparasites were recorded on Histiotus velatus (bat fly Basilia producta) and on Carollia perspicillata (mite Parichoronyssus bakeri). Five new occurrences were recorded for the state of Minas Gerais, increasing the range for bat flies Anatrichobius passosi, Paraeuctenodes similis, Basilia juquiensis, Basilia producta and for mite Periglischrus vargasi. Moreover, two new species of mites were recorded for Brazil (P. bakeri and Macronyssus aff. leislerianus). With regard to infracommunities, the most frequent association was between Anastrebla modestini and Exastinion clovisi on bat Anoura geoffroyi. This study contributed to characterize the fauna of bat ectoparasites in representative but poorly-sampled environments of the Atlantic Forest, the campos de altitude (high altitude grasslands) and cloud forests of southern Minas Gerais.''In traditional ethnographies, it is customarily assumed that the field researcher is an outsider who seeks to acquire an understanding of the social world being investigated. While conducting field research projects on education and tourism in Trinidad (West Indies) we found that the standard distinction between insider and outsider became problematic for us. Our experiences can be understood in terms of two competing conceptions of fieldwork. One, rooted in classical ethnography, views fieldwork as a process whereby the researcher learns to translate the cultural practices of a little-known or misunderstood group into terms understandable to the ethnographic audience. The other, growing out of the institutional ethnography approach pioneered by Dorothy E. Smith, views fieldwork as a process of mapping the relations that govern an institutional complex. In the latter approach, local experiences provide the point of departure for exploring a wider set of social arrangements. In this article, we treat our own fieldwork experiences as points of departure for a reflexive examination of this alternative ethnographic strategy.''Meteorological and climatic processes in mountain regions play a key role in many environmental systems, in particular the quantity and quality of water that influences both aquatic ecosystems and economic systems often far beyond the boundaries of the mountains themselves. This paper will provide a general overview of some of the particular characteristics of mountain weather and climate, to highlight some of the unique atmospheric features that are associated with regions of complex topography. The second part of the paper will focus upon characteristics of climate and climatic change in the European Alps, a region with a wealth of high quality data that allows an assessment on how climate and dependent environmental systems have evolved in the course of the 20th century and how alpine climate may undergo further changes to in the 21st century, as the atmosphere responds to increasing levels of greenhouse gases that are expected in coming decades.''Wetlands have been identified as key elements of global carbon budgets. Today, due to increasing anthropogenic carbon emissions, the carbon storage capacity of these ecosystems has become of global interest. The focus of this research was to determine the storage capacity and mechanisms of carbon sequestration of Neotropical seasonal shallow lakes (SSLs), assessing their flood pulse, biomass, geomorphology and sediment composition. We applied a standardized and extensive sampling to five SSLs from the Colombian Orinoco-Llanos and five from the Brazilian Pantanal, during both flooded and non-flooded seasons. We found that sediment organic carbon (SOC) storage capacity in SSLs is significantly driven by the number of flooded days rather than by their biomass production. The Orinoco-Llanos and Pantanal lakes differ in morphology, and thus in their inundation patterns. SSLs of the Orinoco-Llanos are more concave, having a significantly higher number of flooded days/year than SSLs from Pantanal. These hydrologic differences affect SOC storage, resulting in a significantly higher SOC storage in SSLs from Orinoco-Llanos than in Pantanal. A synopsis of data from both regions suggests the existence of a critical threshold between season and season of SOC in SSLs in a range of flooded days/year.''Extant brachiopods have been very little studied, despite being abundant along the Argentine marine platform and southern areas of the Subantarctic region. In this survey, we examined brachiopod assemblages from the MPA/Burdwood Bank area, off southern South America. The material was recovered from 43 stations ranging in depth from 50 to during two oceanographic expeditions. Two species (Liothyrella uva and Terebratella dorsata) together represent 95% of the total abundance, with no significant decrease in body size over depths of 800 and respectively. A third species (Magellania venosa) was found in very small quantities shallower than and with a large variation in size. There is a greater proportion (63.37%) of brachiopods with epibionts/encrusters, mainly bryozoans and tubiferous polychaetes, which are more common on the ventral valves of larger specimens, and mainly at depths shallower than It was also observed that empty shells serve as a microhabitat for micromolluscs, mainly bivalves. The brachiopods showed signs of drilling predation (8.74%), but they were also prey for other unidentified predators. These predators left a different kind of damage concentrated around the shell margins (19.20%), which should be the subject of further investigation. Based on these results, it is interpreted that brachiopods from the MPA/Burdwood Bank appear to play an important role in the biotic and trophic interactions of benthic Subantarctic marine fauna, whether acting as substrates, refuges, or food.''The tomato wild relative species Solanum habrochaites (previously known as Lycopersicon hirsutum) is a potential source of novel genes for tomato breeding. It shows resistance to many diseases and pests, cold tolerance and fruit quality traits. This species inhabits the western Andean slopes at high elevations from central Ecuador to central Peru. In this study the genetic variation of S. habrochaites was studied using 91 accessions from the whole range of distribution of this species. To this end, we employed two kinds of markers: 9 SSRs and 6 AFLP combinations. The Principal Coordinate Analysis based on AFLP data showed the existence of clinal genetic variation from north to south. The accessions of the different geographic groups were sequentially arranged in the first axis from north to south and a clear separation between them was found. The groups from the centre of the area of distribution showed the highest variation and heterozygosis. The ones from the margins showed lower variability and presented higher homozygosis. The morphotypes typicum and glabratum considered by constituted the extreme forms of the continuous variation in the pubescence grade. These differences in pubescence were not associated with the homozygosis grade.''The present paper describes Heliconius hermathena curua Freitas & Ramos ssp. nov. This subspecies exhibits a non-mimetic phenotype typical of H. hermathena, but is characterized by the merging of the yellow streak over the forewing cubitus with the red postmedian band in the dorsal forewing. The subspecies is known from two localities in the south of Altamira, State, Brazil, where it inhabits an isolated patch of vegetation more than from the nearest known H. hermathena populations. Geographic isolation of the population is supported by molecular data; based on the mitochondrial gene COI, all individuals of H. hermathena curuassp. nov. form a monophyletic group and all haplotypes found in it are unique, suggesting that gene flow is not currently on-going. Given the fragile situation of Amazonian white sand forests and the proximity of the population to areas of intensive agriculture, this new subspecies and its habitat deserve attention.''The variability of cocoa (Theobroma cacao) cytoplasmic genomes has been investigated. A total of 177 cocoa clones was surveyed for restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) in chloroplast DNA and in mitochondrial DNA using two restriction endonucleases and various heterologous cytoplasmic probes. A high level of polymorphism was found for the mitochondrial genome. This study points up a structuring of the species that fits with the distinction between the Criollo and Forastero populations. In contrast to all previous analyses, a higher level of polymorphism is found among the Criollo clones while the Forastero clones form quite a homogeneous group.'Abstract not available'The importance of selecting optimal yeast strains for research or industrial applications is often underestimated. For example, utilizing a strain background that already provides the desired stress tolerance or nutrient utilization profile can eliminate costly strain optimization. Yeast culture collections can provide not only the yeast strains but also data and curator expertise to help narrow the search for the optimal strain. While some collections are known for a broad range of cultures and services, other collections can provide a broader selection of strains of certain categories, a surprising amount of characterization data, and assistance in selecting strains. This article provides information on dozens of yeast collections of the world, profiles of selected yeast culture collections, and the services that they provide: e.g., strain preservation for patent or safe deposit purposes, species identification service, training workshops, and consulting on yeast identification and physiology. Utilization of these services can save industrial researchers valuable time and resources.''This study examines cultural sources of variation in ceramic compositional patterning in two pottery-making villages of the highland Philippines. In Dalupa, many potters are part-time specialists whereas in Dangtalan, women make pottery less frequently. Previous studies show that both pottery form and decoration correspond well with Kalinga social boundaries, but how do morphological and decorative patterning relate to compositional variability? Although researchers have made substantial advances in our understanding of natural and postdepositional sources of compositional variability, little is known about behavioral factors that affect chemical and mineralogical compositional patterning. This study examines cultural practices of clay selection and use in an ethnographic setting, and undertakes technical analyses to assess the relationship between behavior and material culture patterning. Our study identified paste differences between the clays and fired ceramics from Dangtalan and those from Dalupa. Findings from our compositional research thus parallel earlier morphological and stylistic studies, and illustrate multivariate differences in ceramics from these two Kalinga communities. This ethnoarchaeological and analytical project contributes, therefore, to understanding objective parameters within a behavioral context. It also provides an example of how a combined characterization approach, using chemical and petrographic techniques, can yield insights on intraregional variation at a finer scale of resolution than is often attempted.''Background, aim and scopeOver 50% of the global population live in urban centres and, therefore, an understanding of the processes acting upon urban systems is a global issue. The nature of human-made, often impervious, land surfaces and heavily engineered waterways results in hydrological and sedimentological systems in urbanised basins which contrast significantly to those within more natural (i.e. pristine, forested, agricultural) aquatic systems. In addition, the abundance of contamination sources in urban systems results in chemical pressures often manifested as high pollution concentrations or loadings, which in turn have detrimental impacts on human and ecosystem health. These lead to management and sustainability issues not generally encountered in more natural environments. The purpose of this review is to provide a state-of-the-art assessment of sediment sources, pathways and storage within urban river systems, to consider sediment management within urban systems and river basins, and examine the role of local and global environmental changes on sediment processes and management. Inevitably, much of the sediment that is transported within urbanised basins is contaminated, so this review also considers sources and interactions.Conclusions and recommendationsWe reach a number of conclusions and recommendations for future research. There is a need for better sampling and monitoring of sediment and sediment-associated contaminant fluxes and cycling in urban river channels and basins. This should include better techniques and studies to identify sources and transfers of road-deposited sediment (RDS), airborne particulate matter and sediments in the river system. Greater interdisciplinary research, combining sedimentologists, hydrologists, urban planners, urban archaeologists, chemists and biologists, is needed. More attention needs to focus on upscaling and connecting urban areas to the rest of the river basin, both upstream and downstream. Finally, there is a need to balance multiple needs (urban population, water resources) with likely trends in both urban development and global environmental change.''Climatic gradients impose clinal selection on animal ecological and physiological performance, often promoting geographic body size clines. rule predicts that body size increases with decreasing environmental temperatures given the need to retain body-heat through adjustments of body-mass-to-surface-area ratio. This prediction generally holds for endotherms, but remains controversial for ectotherms. An alternative interpretation, the suggests that food abundance, primary productivity and precipitation (which, unlike temperature, do not necessarily correlate with geography), drive body size clines. We investigate geographic variation in body size within 65 species of lizards and snakes (squamates) based on an intercontinental dataset (6,500+ specimens belonging to 56 Israeli species, and multiple populations of nine Liolaemus species from Argentina and Chile). rule is only rarely supported by our data (in four species, whereas six species follow its converse (hence, it is unsupported in of cases). Similarly, size increases with resource abundance in only 12 species Therefore, although neither of the rules is supported, factors suggested by the resource rule are better predictors of body size than temperature. Surprisingly, we show that some measures of the extent of a climatic envelope do not affect the likelihood of it showing a size-climate relationship. We conclude that negative size-temperature associations are an exception rather than a generality among squamates.''This review compiles and discusses the use of genetic markers applied in the study of the fish genus Hypostomus 1803 (Siluriformes: Loricariidae). The database comprises 51 peer-review articles that were published in the last and analysis based on different classes of genetic markers. The use of cytogenetic and enzymatic markers was predominantly especially in population studies with the genus Hypostomus, while mitochondrial markers were the majority in phylogenetic studies. Although significant methodological advances have occurred for molecular evaluation, they are still modestly applied to the study of neotropical fish genera, in which Hypostomus is included. New perspectives, especially on integrative approaches, are needed to improve our knowledge of fishes.''By using field survey data from the sixth forest inventory of Jiangxi Province in 2003, the biomass and carbon storage for three studied species (Pinus massoniana, Cunninghamia lanceolata, and Pinus elliottii) were estimated in Taihe and Xingguo counties of Boyang Lake Basin, Jiangxi Province, China. The relationship between carbon density and forest age was analyzed by logistic equations. Spatio-temporal dynamics of forest biomass and carbon storage in were also described. The results show that total stand area of the three forest species was 3.10 105 ha, total biomass 22.20 Tg, vegetation carbon storage 13.07 Tg C, and average carbon density 42.36 Mg C/ha in the study area in 2003. Carbon storage by forest type in descending order was: P. massoniana, C. lanceolata and P. elliottii. Carbon storage by forest age group in descending order was: middle stand, young stand, near-mature stand and mature stand. Carbon storage by plantation forests was 1.89 times higher than that by natural forests. Carbon density of the three species increased 8.58 Mg C/ha during the study period. The carbon density of Taihe County was higher in the east and west, and lower in the middle. The carbon density of Xingguo County was higher in the northeast and lower in the middle. In general, the carbon density increased with altitude and gradient. Afforestation projects contribute significantly to increasing stand area and carbon storage. Appropriate forest management may improve the carbon sequestration capacity of forest ecosystems.''Climate change may affect water resources by altering various processes in natural ecosystems. Dynamic and statistical downscaling methods are commonly used to assess the impacts of climate change on water resources. Objectively, both methods have their own advantages and disadvantages. In the present study, we assessed the impacts of climate change on water resources during the future periods and in the upper reaches of the Kaidu River Basin, Xinjiang, China, and discussed the uncertainties in the research processes by integrating dynamic and statistical downscaling methods (regional climate models (RCMs) and general circulation modes (GCMs)) and utilizing these outputs. The reference period for this study is The climate change trend is represented by three bias-corrected RCMs (i.e., Hadley Centre Global Environmental Model version 3 regional climate model (HadGEM3-RA), Regional Climate Model version 4 (RegCM4), and Seoul National University Meso-scale Model version 5 (SUN-MM5)) and an ensemble of GCMs on the basis of delta change method under two future scenarios (RCP4.5 and RCP8.5). We applied the hydrological SWAT (Soil and Water Assessment Tool) model which uses the RCMs/GCMs outputs as input to analyze the impacts of climate change on the stream flow and peak flow of the upper reaches of the Kaidu River Basin. The simulation of climate factors under future scenarios indicates that both temperature and precipitation in the study area will increase in the future compared with the reference period, with the largest increase of annual mean temperature and largest percentage increase of mean annual precipitation being of and 38.4%, respectively. Based on the results from bias correction of climate model outputs, we conclude that the accuracy of RCM (regional climate model) simulation is much better for temperature than for precipitation. The percentage increase in precipitation simulated by the three RCMs is generally higher than that simulated by the ensemble of GCMs. As for the changes in seasonal precipitation, RCMs exhibit a large percentage increase in seasonal precipitation in the wet season, while the ensemble of GCMs shows a large percentage increase in the dry season. Most of the hydrological simulations indicate that the total stream flow will decrease in the future due to the increase of evaporation, and the maximum percentage decrease can reach up to 22.3%. The possibility of peak flow increasing in the future is expected to higher than 99%. These results indicate that less water is likely to be available in the upper reaches of the Kaidu River Basin in the future, and that the temporal distribution of flow may become more concentrated.'"Post-earthquake field investigations of landslide occurrence have provided a basis for understanding, evaluating, and mapping the hazard and risk associated withearthquake-induced landslides. This paper traces thehistorical development of knowledge derived from these investigations. Before 1783, historical accounts of the occurrence of landslides in earthquakes are typically so incomplete and vague that conclusions based on these accounts are of limited usefulness. For example, the number of landslides triggered by a given event is almost always greatly underestimated. The first formal, scientific post-earthquake investigation that included systematic documentation of the landslides was undertaken in the Calabria region of Italy after the 1783 earthquake swarm. From then until the mid-twentieth century, the best information on earthquake-induced landslides came from a succession ofpost-earthquake investigations largely carried out by formal commissions that undertook extensive ground-based field studies. Beginning in the mid-twentieth century, when the use of aerial photography became widespread, comprehensive inventories of landslide occurrence have been made for several earthquakes in the United States, Peru, Guatemala, Italy, El Salvador, Japan, and Taiwan. Techniques have also been developed for performing ``retrospective'' analyses years or decades after an earthquake that attempt to reconstruct the distribution of landslides triggered by the event. The additional use of Geographic Information System (GIS) processing and digital mapping since about 1989 has greatly facilitated the level of analysis that can applied to mapped distributions of landslides. Beginning in 1984, syntheses of worldwide and national data on earthquake-induced landslides have defined their general characteristics and relations between their occurrence and various geologic and seismic parameters. However, the number of comprehensive post-earthquake studies of landslides is still relatively small, and one of the most pressing needs in this area of research is for the complete documentation of landslides triggered by many more earthquakes in a wider variety of environments."'The symposium perspectives on the origin and evolution of New World domesticated includes nine papers that all deal with the systematic relationships, center(s) of origin, and genetic diversity of particular New World crops. Recent molecular analyses and fieldwork in remote regions have supplied much new biosystematic evidence bearing on these topics. This new evidence, as well as the further integration of plant breeding, systematic/evolutionary, ethnobotanical, and archaeobotanical research, has done much to clarify New World crop origins and evolution.''When adult males are temporarily away from the household, observational evidence suggests cross-cultural and intra-cultural variation in the effects of their absence on the labor of other household members. In subsistence-based economies, we predict that other adolescent or older members will work more in essential production activities that otherwise would be performed by the missing men. We test this hypothesis using spot-check time allocation datasets from rural Nicaragua and Peru and the methodology of mixed-effects statistical models. In Nicaragua, we find that the absence of male household heads rarely necessitates substitute labor by household co-residents, apparently because men typically time their absences to coincide with the non-peak agricultural season. In Peru, the absence of male household heads results in increased work by co-residents only under unusual circumstances, as households apparently rely on other strategies to mitigate for the loss of labor. In addition to the comparative empirical analysis of the two cases, we show how mixed-effects models allow for individual heterogeneity and data structures that confound more familiar statistical techniques and occasionally produce spurious results. Mixed-effects modeling techniques will be necessary if we are to realize the analytic potential of the extensive, standardized time allocation datasets gathered by anthropologists.''In 1979 and 1991, trees over 2.0 m high were measured and mapped together with their crown projections to clarify stand dynamics and shifts in canopy dominants during this period, in a permanent plot of 0.525 ha in an old-growth, cool temperate mixed forest of Mt Moiwa, Central Hokkaido, northern Japan. During this period, an abundant recruitment of trees was observed after some canopy trees were felled by a typhoon in 1981 leaving gaps in the canopy. Vigorous recruitment was observed forTilia japonica, Acer mono andPrunus ssiori. These species had different regeneration sites in relation to canopy state. NeitherUlmus japonica norKalopanax pictus had any recruits during the 12 year period even in gaps. The equilibrium composition of tree species projected from transition probability analysis also implied the above shift of dominant species during the 12 year period in the plot and suggested that the present forest is not in an equilibrium state.''Glacier variations in the Tibetan Plateau and surrounding mountain ranges in China affect the livelihood of over one billion people who depend on water from the Yellow, Yangtze, Brahmaputra, Ganges and Indus rivers originating in these areas. Based on the results of the present study and published literature, we found that the glaciers shrank 15.7% in area from 1963 to 2010 with an annual area change of -0.33%. The shrinkage generally decreased from peripheral mountain ranges to the interior of Tibet. The linear trends of annual air temperature and precipitation at 147 stations were (10a)-1 and 8.96 mm (10a)-1 respectively from 1961 to 2010. The shrinkage of glaciers was well correlated with the rising temperature and the spatial patterns of the shrinkage were influenced by other factors superimposed on the rising temperature such as glacier size, type, elevation, debris cover and precipitation.''Tepary bean (Phaseolus acutifolius A. Gray) is a dry-land crop species that originated in the deserts of Mexico and the south-western United States and therefore is proposed as a source of drought and salt tolerance for related species and for production in marginal rainfall areas. Few genetic tools have been developed or tested for tepary bean but microsatellites from common bean are an obvious choice for diversity analysis in the crop. The first goal of this study was to validate a set of gene-derived and non-gene simple sequence repeat or microsatellite markers from common bean in tepary bean cultivars and wild relative accessions. The second and more extensive objective of this study was to evaluate the genetic diversity and population structure of the tepary bean accessions to determine if leaf-morphology variants are valid as separate sub-groups of wild tepary beans; if P. parvifolius exist as a separate variants or species; and if cultivated tepary beans originated from one domestication event or several events. Our analysis of 140 tepary bean genotypes showed that a single domestication was likely as the cultivars were most closely related to accessions from Sinaloa and northern Mexico and that diversity was much higher in the wild genotypes compared to the cultivated ones. Other results were that P. parvifolius was classified as a separate species by population structure analysis while the variants P. acutifolius var. acutifolius and var. tenuifolius were admixed and inter-crossed. P. latifolius is not a valid species or variant of P. acutifolius but represents a group of cultivars within tepary bean. This is the first analysis of microsatellite diversity in tepary beans and has implications for breeding and conservation of this crop and its wild relatives.''The antagonistic activity of Trichoderma and Gliocladium isolates against Attamyces sp., a symbiotic fungus of the leaf-cutting ant Atta cephalotes, was investigated. A. cephalotes cultures this fungus as the primary food source. Most of the Trichodema and Gliocladium isolates tested in vitro (82.6%) inhibited the Attamyces sp. mycelial growth, which was probably due to their colonization ability and competition for nutrients, both of them known mechanisms of some species of these genera. T. lignorum strain T-26 was the strongest inhibitor achieving a colonization of 23%. Microscopical observations indicate that the inhibitory effect was caused by an interaction that took place in close contact with the host hypha, causing wall deformation that led to the collapse of the turgor pressure.'"The bamboo Chusquea quila (Poaceae:Bambuseae) is the most abundant understory species ofNothofagus-dominated forests at low elevations inthe Chilean Lake District. Species of this genus strongly inhibit theestablishment and growth of tree species, especially those of the genusNothofagus. At intervals of many years, this bambooflowerssynchronously and dies, creating large-scale disturbances. The mainobjective of this study was to determine the influence of bamboo dieback ontreeregeneration, especially of shade-intolerant species. The forest studiedis a remnant stand of old-growth forest dominated by emergent individualsof N. obliqua and Eucryphiacordifoliawhich project about 10 m above a main canopy formed byAextoxicon punctatum, Laureliaphilippiana, and Podocarpus saligna. Treeseedlings that established prior to bamboo dieback were recorded in six gapsdensely covered by bamboo. After the dieback event in the early 1990's,recruitment, height growth and survivorship were monitored in four gaps duringtwo growing seasons. After the synchronous mass flowering and death ofChusqueaquila, both reorganization of advance regeneration and new seedlingrecruitment were observed in gaps. The advance regeneration consisted mainly ofthe shade-tolerant species A. punctatum,L. philippiana, and Amomyrtus luma.These species together with E. cordifolia accounted forover 90% of the total individuals in gaps. During the following twoseasons, c. 40% of the advance regeneration either died or was damaged.Root suckers of E. cordifolia and L.philippiana were taller and grew faster than the seedlings of otherspecies. Nothofagus obliqua was unable to establishadvanceregeneration in gaps formerly dominated by bamboo. New recruitment resulted inthe synchronized establishment of treeseedlings, especially less shade-tolerant species such as N.obliqua, Aristotelia chilensis,Rhaphithamnus spinosus, and E.cordifolia. These species recruited into the gaps almost entirelyduring the first season right after the bamboo dieback. However, by the end ofthe second season, these species had a lower density due to a combination oflower recruitment rate, shortened recruitment period, and greater mortalityratecompared to the shade-tolerant species. New bamboo seedlings grew fasterand were more abundant than tree seedlings, except for root suckers (bothnew establishment and advance regeneration) of E.cordifolia which is more likely to successfully recruit into thecanopy. Seedlings of N. obliqua compete poorly with bambooseedlings; its successful recruitment may require bamboo flowering coincidentwith a mast seed year for the tree species.""This study analyzed the distribution of resident, forest-interior bird species nesting on islands in Lake Guri, Venezuela using several different community assembly rule models. The models that were tested included Diamond's Assembly Rules, Size Structure, Guild Proportionality, Favored States, and Nestedness. It was determined that the species composition of the study communities was only weakly influenced by competition, but that competition did appear to limit the size similarity which is permissible for co-occurring species. There was no tendency for the relative proportion of species within guilds (i.e. insectivore, omnivore, nectivore and frugivore) to remain stable among the islands. When only the insectivorous and omnivorous species were analyzed (using feeding strata as the functional groups) there was some support for the guild proportionality hypothesis. This study found no support for Fox's Favored State hypothesis, possibly due to the overrepresentation of insectivores and omnivores in the species pool. The island communities exhibit a highly nested structure. This high degree of nestedness supports the hypothesis that the assemblages are more strongly determined by differential extinction vulnerability and selective species loss than by interspecific or inter-guild competition. Understanding patterns of community assembly and their underlying forces has important implications for conservation ecology and reserve design."'Sweet potato varieties are distributed in Uganda by three systems: formal, project-based and informal. In a partial formal system, the National Sweetpotato Program (NSP) breeds and tests both orange (O)- and white (W)-fleshed sweet potato (FSP) varieties. The NSP and other national institutions provide vine stocks of mostly OFSP varieties to project-based seed systems involving large private sector multipliers, which are found predominantly in east and central Uganda. These are mainly either cooperatives derived from smallholder groups organized by projects or are individual farmers with large holdings who had hosted NSP variety trials. The private sector multipliers sell planting materials of released varieties to projects, which distribute them free to selected households. Projects buy hundreds and occasionally thousands of sacks of vines but they distribute them to only a limited number of needy households and for only one or a few seasons. The informal system functions predominantly in areas with a long dry season, in which vines cannot survive. Its vine multipliers use the wetter lowlands to maintain mostly landraces, which they sell as small bundles of vines to many smallholders at the onset of the rains. Very few multiply released varieties. Thus, with a ready market, the system is sustainable but quantities sold are price limited. All vine multipliers supplied healthy planting material. It is proposed that the NSP should aim their trials of new varieties at informal vine multipliers and projects should supply vines to these multipliers in order to improve their access to them. This would promote the sustainable distribution of vines, including new varieties, over a greater area and to a larger number of farmers.''Important papers on taxonomy and evolution of cultivated plants published in 1979 and 1980 were put together and briefly discussed.''We present climate and surface mass balance (SMB) of the Antarctic ice sheet (AIS) as simulated by the global, coupled Community Earth System Model (CESM) with a horizontal resolution of in the past, present and future CESM correctly simulates present-day Antarctic sea ice extent, large-scale atmospheric circulation and near-surface climate, but fails to simulate the recent expansion of Antarctic sea ice. The present-day Antarctic ice sheet SMB equals which concurs with existing independent estimates of AIS SMB. When forced by two CMIP5 climate change scenarios (high mitigation scenario RCP2.6 and high-emission scenario CESM projects an increase of Antarctic ice sheet SMB of about degree warming. This increase is driven by enhanced snowfall, which is partially counteracted by more surface melt and runoff along the ice edges. This intensifying hydrological cycle is predominantly driven by atmospheric warming, which increases (1) the moisture-carrying capacity of the atmosphere, (2) oceanic source region evaporation, and (3) summer AIS cloud liquid water content.''The ancient Mexicas, established in the southern and central parts of Mexico at the time of Spanish arrival, used a great variety of minor vegetables, cultivated or collected from the wild. Written sources produced at this time, general reports and pictorial codices that referred to some extent to plants, provide valuable information on the cultivation or collection and use of these minor crops. Some aromatic vegetables were highly esteemed as desserts or condiments. Many of them possess similar properties to other condiments commonly used in the European pharmacopoeia in the Century. These American plants belong to different genera as compared to Eurasian condiments. We have found references to coriander-like condiments (Porophyllum, Cuphea, Arracacia), fennel or anise-like condiments (Piper, Rhodosciadium), cress or water-cress-like condiments (Tropaeolum, Lepidium, Hydrocotyle), horehound-like condiments (Salvia-Hyptis), and some aromatic chenopods. The historic and current utilizations of these plants are presented. Most of them are still collected from the wild, or occasionally cultivated to be used as condiments or for their medicinal properties. Some have the potential to be developed as food or industrial resources.''We demonstrate that bluegill (Lepomis macrochirus) introduced from their native North American source to Lake Biwa in Japan showed considerable trophic and morphological variations (morphs). Three morphs were found for larger bluegills, specialized in three distinct resources (i.e. plankton, benthic invertebrates and aquatic plant), and two morphs were found for smaller bluegills, specialized in two slightly different prey taxa (i.e. calanoid and cyclopoid plankton). These morphs, especially for the large size class, can be distinguished primarily by differences in midbody length and depth. The dietary specialization and morphological differentiation among individuals were considered to be a result of different requirements for efficient resource utilization, which is a unique example of trophic polymorphism occurring in an introduced fish species in a species-rich fish community.'Abstract not available'Tolerance values (TVs) based on benthic macroinvertebrates are one of the most widely used tools for monitoring the biological impacts of water pollution, particularly in streams and rivers. We compiled TVs of benthic macroinvertebrates from 29 regions around the world to test 11 basic assumptions about pollution tolerance, that: (1) Arthropoda are < tolerant than non-Arthropoda; (2) Insecta < non-Insecta; (3) non-Oligochaeta < Oligochaeta; (4) other macroinvertebrates < Oligochaeta + Chironomidae; (5) other macroinvertebrate taxa < Isopoda + Gastropoda + Hirudinea; (6) Ephemeroptera + Plecoptera + Trichoptera (EPT) < Odonata + Coleoptera + Heteroptera (OCH); (7) EPT < non-EPT insects; (8) Diptera < Insecta; (9) Bivalvia < Gastropoda; (10) Baetidae < other Ephemeroptera; and (11) Hydropsychidae < other Trichoptera. We found that the first eight of these 11 assumptions were supported despite regional variability. In addition, we examined the effect of Best Professional Judgment (BPJ) and non-independence of TVs among countries by performing all analyses using subsets of the original dataset. These subsets included a group based on those systems using TVs that were derived from techniques other than BPJ, and groups based on methods used for TV assignment. The results obtained from these subsets and the entire dataset are similar. We also made seven a priori hypotheses about the regional similarity of TVs based on geography. Only one of these was supported. Development of TVs and the reporting of how they are assigned need to be more rigorous and be better described.''Chemical and optical characteristics of soil humus have been analyzed as components of the Pleistocene volcanic paleosols in Mexico. We have studied the A1 horizons of buried Andosols of the Nevado de Toluca series and of the modern Andosols formed under different bioclimatic conditions. Data on the organic matter of buried paleosols suggest that Andosols of the Nevado de Toluca series were formed in humid forest ecosystems. Optical characteristics of the humic acids and data on the molecular-mass distribution of the humus make it possible to assume that these soils were formed under pine forests rather than under fir forests.''Woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha and L. flavicauda) are threatened species in the wild and in captivity. Numerous zoological institutions have historically kept Lagothrix lagotricha spp., but only a few of them have succeeded in breeding populations. Therefore the majority of institutions that formerly kept Lagothrix lagotricha are no longer able or willing to do so. Captive populations of the species have frequent health problems, most significantly hypertension and related disorders. Researchers have conducted free-ranging dietary and behavior studies with respect to woolly monkeys, but have established no concrete link between diet or nutrients and captive health problems. The available literature we discuss indicates that researchers need to examine the link further. In addition, it is critical to the survival of the primates to be able to keep breeding populations in captivity owing to increasing natural pressures such as deforestation and hunting. Therefore, better understanding of the captive and free-ranging behavior and health parameters of the species is vital to ensure their survival and to maintain forest health and diversity. Researchers need to conduct large-scale research studies comparing the health and complete diet of individuals in the wild and captivity to resolve health problems facing the species in captivity.''Differences in rates of nucleotide or amino acid substitutions among major groups of organisms are repeatedly found and well documented. A growing body of evidence suggests a link between the rate of neutral molecular change within populations and the evolution of species diversity. More than 98% of terrestrial fungi belong to the phyla Ascomycota or Basidiomycota. The former is considerably richer in number of species than the latter. We obtained DNA sequences of 21 protein-coding genes from the lichenized fungus Rhizoplaca chrysoleuca and used them together with sequences from GenBank for subsequent analyses. Three datasets were used to test rate discrepancies between Ascomycota and Basidiomycota and that within Ascomycota: (i) 13 taxa including 105 protein-coding genes, (ii) nine taxa including 21 protein-coding genes, and (iii) nuclear LSU rDNA of 299 fungal species. Based on analyses of the 105 protein-coding genes and nuclear LSU rDNA datasets, we found that the evolutionary rate was higher in Ascomycota than in Basidiomycota. The differences in substitution rates between Ascomycota and Basidiomycota were significant. Within Ascomycota, the species-rich Sordariomycetes has the fastest evolutionary rate, while Leotiomycetes has the slowest. Our results indicate that the main contribution to the higher substitution rates in Ascomycota does not come from mutualism, ecological conditions, sterility, metabolic rate or shorter generation time, but is possibly caused by the founder effect. This is another example of the correlation between species number and evolutionary rates, which is consistent with the hypothesis that the founder effect is responsible for accelerated substitution rates in diverse clades.''The amphi-pacific genusAbrotanella (Gaudich.)Cass. of the southern hemisphere in theAsteraceae (Senecioneae, Blennospermatinae) is revised and 18 species are recognized. Three new species are described:A. from New Zealand,A. andA. from southern South America. The sexual function of central florets, perfect or functionally male, floret vascular pattern, and internal secretory spaces in the phyllaries are shown to be taxonomically informative for the circumscription of the species. Central without marginal vascular tissue in the lobes of florets, a unique pattern forAsteraceae, is reported. A diagnostic key, line drawings, descriptions, and distribution maps are supplied for all species.''This paper lays the groundwork for a theory of time allocation across the life course, based on the idea that strength and skill vary as a function of age, and that return rates for different activities vary as a function of the combination of strength and skills involved in performing those tasks. We apply the model to traditional human subsistence patterns. The model predicts that young children engage most heavily in low-strength/low-skill activities, middle-aged adults in high-strength/high-skill activities, and older adults in low-strength/high-skill activities. Tests among Machiguenga and Piro forager-horticulturalists of southeastern Peru show that males and females focus on low-strength/low-skill tasks early in life (domestic tasks and several forms of fishing), switch to higher-strength/higher-skill activities in their twenties and thirties (hunting, fishing, and gardening for males; fishing and gardening for females), and shift focus to high-skill activities late in life (manufacture/repair, food processing).''Based on gas chromatography and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analyses, an amazing amount of hopanoids was detected in the peat deposits in the Dajiuhu National Wetland Park in central China. The hopanoids identified included hopanes (C27-C31 C27-C32 C29 hopenes (hop-22(29)-ene, 22,29,30-trinorhop-17(21)-ene, hop-17(21)-ene, hop-13(18)-ene, etc.), hopanoic acids (C31-C34 C32-C33 C32 hopanols (C32 and and hopanone (22,29,30-trinorhop-21-one). C31 hopane was found to be the dominant hopanoid, more abundant than individual nalkanes derived from higher plants. These hopanoids, exclusive of some hopenes, are proposed to be primarily from bacteria. The dominant C31 hopane in young sediments, without any thermal maturation, might be formed through microbial epimerization under acidic conditions in the peatland as suggested before, or directly from aerobic bacteria. This finding highlights the importance of microbes in the formation of peatland as well as in the reconstruction of paleoenvironments.'studied proximal spacing within a group of woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha) during 7 months at Parque Nacional Tinigua, Colombia. I collected a total of 1188 instantaneous samples on focal individuals, recording the number and age/sex class of individuals that were in contact with, <2 m from, <5 m from the focal animal. The results indicate that proximate spacing reflects social affinities and is related to relationship and social grooming. Subadult females and adult males are the sex/age classes with the lowest number of individuals in proximity. There are low proximity between adult females and between adult males and high frequencies of nearness between mother and offspring. Associations between males and females were usually low, but in some cases males showed preferences for a given female. There was a relatively gradual increase in spacing between mothers and their offspring as they became older. Old juvenile males were associated chiefly with other juvenile females maintained some proximity only to their mothers. There are also differences in spacing behavior according to different activityconcurrent systems of agricultural resource management in the Viru Valley in Peru's arid northern coastal plain are discussed as adjustments to microenvironmental variations in soil humidity. Widespread dependence on canal irrigation in an environment characterized by uncertainty in the availability of river water affects the agrarian population in several ways. The upper socioeconomic class has adapted to uncertainty by implementing a deviation-counteracting mechanism (tubular wells) that provides water on demand, giving them flexibility in choice of agricultural activities. Another class of farmers is unable to introduce this mechanism, however, and consequently must depend on a repertoire of inflexible decisions to cope with uncertainty. Each group exploits different opportunity costs to increase economic gain. One pattern provides for expansion, whereas the other at best establishes stability and maintenance. Noncanal techniques permit expansion of cultivation in conditions where canal irrigation is not feasible, thereby improving the overall level of effectiveness of resource use. Alternative techniques do not involve regulatory mechanisms nor do they require complex, interlocking social, economic, and political components. Their presence and persistence in the agricultural system provide variation that may ultimately be amplified as the need to intensify resource exploitation increases in the future."'Environmental stress affects ectomycorrhizal communities (ECM), but it is not known how general the detected ECM responses are. We investigated ECM fungi on roots of mountain birch, Betula pubescens subsp. czerepanovii (Orlova) along three environmental gradients, two natural (altitude, seashore) and one human-induced (pollution), within the Kola Peninsula, NW Russia. Chlorophyll fluorescence of birch leaves indicated no environmental stress even in the conditions that were presumed most stressful in terms of abiotic environment, where the biomass and population density of birches were strongly reduced. Although neither overall ECM colonisation nor root fungal biomass showed stress-related patterns, colonisation by Cenococcum geophilum tended to decrease with abiotic stress. ECM morphotype diversity declined with abiotic stress, and along altitudinal gradient this decline was related to an increase in proportion of morphotypes with high fungal biomass. Polycormic birches had higher ECM colonisation than monocormic birches at high stress sites only. ECM morphotype diversity increased with foliar nitrogen concentration at low stress sites, but not at high stress sites. Birches with higher chlorophyll fluorescence had lower chitin concentration in their roots (indicating lower proportion of fungal structures) at high stress sites only. Our results suggest that at high stress sites (1) mechanical shelter created by polycormic trees may favour ECM fungi and (2) mountain birches maintain lower ECM diversity than at low stress sites.''As a continent, Australia is unusual. It has a long history of habitation by a relatively small population of Aboriginals with a low technology culture. Just over 200 years ago, in 1788, it was invaded by a technological society from the UK, and the settlers brought with them an understanding of rivers and the landscapes in which they were situated which was quite at odds with the reality of the Australian continent. Australia is a piece of old continental crust derived from the break-up of Gondwana that, unlike other Gondwana continents, has experienced little tectonic modification since the break-up. It is a low relief continent dominated by arid and semi arid climates. Australian river systems have poor slope-channel coupling and poor hydrological connectivity and are characterized by low rates of sediment delivery. The flow of Australian rivers has high interannual variability, two to three times that of comparable rivers elsewhere, and highly variable flood behavior. In this paper, examples are given of particular Australian rivers to illustrate the manner in which the morphological and climatic characteristics of the continent combine to produce some distinctive river systems.''Patterns of land use are changing dramatically in the Orinoco region of Colombia, including extensive commercial forestation of Pinus caribaea, Acacia mangium, and Eucalyptus pellita that are replacing savannas, with unknown consequences for biodiversity. We studied the effects of E. pellita plantations on the diversity of epiedaphic carabid beetles (Carabidae) sampled with pitfall traps at El Vita (Vichada) and Villanueva (Casanare). Furthermore, we assessed stand structure data (basal area, and canopy cover), and soil physical and chemical properties to explain differences in ground beetle composition using redundancy analysis (RDA). We compared diversity and species turnover using Hill numbers and Bray-Curtis dissimilarity, respectively. Low differences in richness were observed between savannas and plantations (at El Vita) and between pastures and plantations (at Villanueva). In general, carabid richness was significantly (not overlap in 95% confidence intervals) higher during the rainy season, and in young plantations than in other habitats. Variation in carabid species composition was mainly explained by a gradient of volumetric humidity, number of trees, basal area at El Vita and pH, nitrogen content of the soil, number of trees, soil clay content, and area of exposed ground at Villanueva. Thirteen carabid (which eight are commons in natural forests) species were identified as indicators of 3- and 14-year-old E. pellita plantations and pastures. Results suggest a strong response of ground beetles (Carabidae) to changes in land use, seasonality, and plantation age. Further research is needed to better understand how landscape heterogeneity, and distance to contiguous of natural habitats, influences biodiversity.''In this study we introduce two new node-weighted difference measures on complex networks as a tool for climate model evaluation. The approach facilitates the quantification of a ability to reproduce the spatial covariability structure of climatological time series. We apply our methodology to compare the performance of a statistical and a dynamical regional climate model simulating the South American climate, as represented by the variables temperature, precipitation, sea level pressure, and geopotential height field at For each variable, networks are constructed from the model outputs and evaluated against a reference network, derived from the ERA-Interim reanalysis, which also drives the models. We compare two network characteristics, the (linear) adjacency structure and the (nonlinear) clustering structure, and relate our findings to conventional methods of model evaluation. To set a benchmark, we construct different types of random networks and compare them alongside the climate model networks. Our main findings are: (1) The linear network structure is better reproduced by the statistical model statistical analogue resampling scheme (STARS) in summer and winter for all variables except the geopotential height field, where the dynamical model CCLM prevails. (2) For the nonlinear comparison, the seasonal differences are more pronounced and CCLM performs almost as well as STARS in summer (except for sea level pressure), while STARS performs better in winter for all variables.''Laboratory bioassays were used to test for the phytotoxicity of volatile compounds, fresh plant material as a seed bed, and water extracts from bracken [Pteridium aquilinum (L.) Kuhn] pinnules to germination and seedling growth of aspen (Populus tremula L.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.). Fronds were sampled from two bracken populations, one in the south and one in the north of Sweden. All three bioassays showed inhibitory effects, and these varied seasonally with the most inhibitory effects occurring in May, June, and September. The peak of inhibition in May and June coincides with the start of the growing season when bracken still is immature and vulnerable to interference from other species. The increase in inhibitory effects in September appears to be due to transformation of natural products or an accumulation of inhibitory compounds that are released during decomposition following frond death. Addition of activated carbon did not remove the inhibitory effects.''A survey is presented of the vegetation of the central region of the Santafesinian Chaco (Argentina), a scarcely populated flat area of 20 000 km2, with seasonal flooding. Soils have a strong halo-hydromorphic character and vegetation is basically halophilous. Trees are scarce and most communities are savannas, grasslands or swampy vegetation. Twenty-three communities are described, some of them with several variants. The most widespread communities areSpartina argentinensis grasslands,Elyonurus muticus savannas and a complex of hygrophilous communities. The most important communities are distributed in relation to a topographical gradient, and their structure is shaped by recurrent flooding and fire disturbance. Most of the area is virgin land with very little human interference. The phytogeographical position of the area is discussed.''Secondary succession is an increasing phenomenon due to global changes in agriculture policies and practices. The empirical findings are biased towards the temperate zone. Abandonment of agriculture fields is less frequent in the subtropical and tropical zones where agriculture areas are, in general, expanding. But there are exceptions; a rapid rate of abandonment of agricultural fields have taken place in the arid trans-Himalayan region, due to globalization of economy. We analysed agriculture fields that were abandoned between 1950 and 2003 in a large u-valley in central Nepal The potential forest vegetation is dominated by Pinus wallichina and shrubs of junipers and cotoneaster species. We tested the intermediate richness hypothesis in relation to vegetation cover, soil development and whether old-field succession is convergent or divergent with species data from plots in 5 age-classes. The main species compositional turnover expressed by Detrended Correspondence Analyses (DCA) correlated, as expected, with time after abandonment. Fields that were abandoned a long time ago are closer to forest at the periphery of the agricultural landscape. Moisture of the soil significantly increased with age of abandonment, but total vegetation cover and pH were negatively related to age. Beta diversity expressed in DCA SD-units showed an increasing trend with age of abandonment, supporting the divergence pattern in old-field succession. The reason why the succession is not converging may be due to browsing by domestic animals that prevent a closed canopy of pines and juniper to develop. There was a significant hump-shaped pattern in species richness along the temporal gradient, which agrees with the intermediate species-richness hypothesis. There was a rapid increase in species richness in plots close to the villages that were used for haymaking which increased the seed input significantly.''The aim of this study is to explore the way climate creates thresholds within society. Both human physiology and the human mind determine when and where climate can trigger and influence human activities. By presenting a stimulus-response model, deliberate weather- and climate- related decisions (e.g. migration, clothing) and physiological responses in daily life (e.g. sweating) are placed in a broader theoretical context. While physiological thresholds can be described quantitatively to a certain extent, subjective thresholds may be illustrated in a predominantly qualitative manner through surrogates (surveys on wants or needs). Examples from the literature on climate thresholds for humans highlight the complexity of the issue: People have different thresholds, as they do not necessarily respond to the same stimuli in the same way. At the same time, given the same stimulus, an individual may perceive it, and thus react, differently at different times in their life. In many cases, the threshold rather specifies a bandwidth or transition zone than a particular point. The level of acceptance and the cultural, technological and genetic aspects of adaptation will decide how climate may influence human well-being and contribute in setting limits to society, for example where to live, what impacts to expect, and when and what decisions to take. Knowledge of the complexity of human thresholds can be an important supplement to the analysis of vulnerability to climate change. When populations are vulnerable and thresholds are exceeded, only then will there be a measurable response.'Abstract not available'Alpine glaciers usually feature with best hydrothermal condition in mountain climate, and present beautiful glacier scenery, various glacier landforms, rich biodiversity, and easier accessibility, compared with continental glaciers or ice sheets. Nevertheless, Alpine glaciers are more sensitive to climate warming, and climate warming has seriously affected Alpine glaciers and surrounding environment. The quality and attractiveness of Alpine glaciers to tourism has been and will continue to be diminished with visitation and local economic development. At present, it has become a primary problem that Alpine glacier tourism adapts to climate warming. Based on this reason, the purpose of this article is to take Baishui Glacier No. 1 as an example to outline the possible impacts of climate warming on Alpine glacier tourism and put forward some adaptive measures and strategies aligned with climate warming. Specific measures are as follows: (1) optimize the space layout of glacier tourism area; (2) improve glacier tourism and environmental protection planning; (3) adopt multidimensional protective measures; (4) strengthen scientific research of glacier and environment protection; (5) develop glacier tourism products by multi-directions; (6) integrate regional tourism resources; (7) reinforce public environmental education.''The morphology of the gully longitudinal profile (GLP) is an important topographic index of the gully bottom associated with the evolution of the gullies. This index can be used to predict the development trend and evaluate the eroded volumes and soil losses by gullying. To depict the morphology of GLP and understand its controlling factors, the Global Positioning System Real-time Kinematic (GPS RTK) and the total station were used to measure the detail points along the gully bottom of 122 gullies at six sites of the Yuanmou dry-hot Valley. Then, nine parameters including length (Lt), horizontal distance (Dh), height (H), vertical erosional area (A), vertical curvature (Cv), concavity (Ca), average gradient (Ga), gully length-gradient index (GL), normalized gully length-gradient index (Ngl), were calculated and mapped using CASS, Excel and SPSS. The results showed that this study area is dominated by slightly concave and medium gradient GLPs, and the lithology of most gullies is sandstone and siltstone. Although different types of GLPs appear at different sites, all parameters present a positively skewed distribution. There are relatively strong correlations between several parameters: namely Lt and H, Dh and H, Lt and A, Dh and A, H and GL. Most GLPs, except three, have a best fit of exponential functions with quasistraight shapes. Soil properties, vegetation coverage, piping erosion and topography are important factors to affect the GLP morphology. This study provides useful insight into the knowledge of GLP morphology and its influential factors that are of critical importance to prevent and control gully erosion.''High mountain forests (HMFs) have an important significance in forest ecosystems, but the benefits from such ecosystems have been compromised in recent years. In Turkey, HMFs constitute significant portions of Turkish forests because they cover of Turkey; of all Turkish forest areas are HMFs. The Eastern Black Sea region has a particular importance for HMFs due to its biological diversity and the rich presence of endemic species. This study analyzes the changes in spatial and temporal patterns of forest cover in HMF from 1973 to 2008 in the town of which is located at the center of the Eastern Black Sea region of Turkey. The spatial and temporal change patterns of land use are quantified by interpreting spatial data. Remote sensing (RS), geographical information system (GIS), and a spatial pattern analysis program for categorical maps (FRAGSTATS) have been used for data collection, analysis, and presentation. The results showed that the HMF areas had biphasic growth from 1973 to 2008. Despite a net increase of in forested areas between 1984 and 2008, there was an overall decrease from 1973 to 2008. The annual percentage of forestation for the forest areas within the study period was in The amount of aggregated forest area fragments rose from 388 in 1973 to 711 in 2008. The increase in the HMF of can be explained to some extent by the change in the demographic structure of and its plateaus, which contributed to changes in the daily life of the population of and its villages, such as changes in annual incomes, their lifestyles, decrease in transhumance and stockbreeding, decrease in the time of dwelling on the plateaus, and changes in the traditional architectural style.''Global climate change may act as a potent agent of natural selection within species with Mediterranean mountain ecosystems being particularly vulnerable. The aim of this research was to analyze whether the phenotypic plasticity of Sesleria nitida Ten. could be indicative of its future adaptive capability to global warming. Morphological, anatomical, and physiological leaf traits of two populations of S. nitida growing at different altitudes on Mount Terminillo (Italy) were analyzed. The results showed that leaf mass per unit leaf area, leaf tissue density, and total leaf thickness were 19, 3, and 31% higher in leaves from the population growing at 1,895 m a.s.l. (B site) than in leaves from the population growing at 1,100 m a.s.l. (A site), respectively. Net photosynthetic rate and respiration rate peaked in June in both A and B leaves [9.4 1.3 and 2.9 0.9 respectively] when mean air temperature was 16 was higher in B than in A leaves (0.35 0.07 and 0.21 0.03, respectively, mean of the study period). The mean plasticity index (PI = 0.24, mean of morphological, anatomical, and physiological leaf traits) reflected S. nitida adaptability to the environmental stress conditions at different altitudes on Mount Terminillo. Moreover, the leaf key traits of the two populations can be used to monitor wild populations over a long term in response to global change.''The aim of this study is to explore the effects of canopy conditions on clump and culm numbers, and the morphological plasticity and biomass distribution patterns of the dwarf bamboo species Fargesia nitida. Specifically, we investigated the effects of canopy conditions on the growth and morphological characteristics of F. nitida, and the adaptive responses of F. nitida to different canopy conditions and its ecological senses. The results indicate that forest canopy had a significant effect on the genet density and culm number per clump, while it did not affect the ramet density. Clumps tended to be few and large in gaps and forest edge plots, and small under forest understory plots. The ramets showed an even distribution under the closed canopy, and cluster distribution under gaps and forest edge plots. The forest canopy had a significant effect on both the biomass and biomass allocation. Favourable light conditions promoted ramet growth and biomass accumulation. Greater amounts of biomass in gaps and forest edge plots were shown by the higher number of culms per clump and the diameter of these culms. Under closed canopy, the bamboos increased their branching angle, leaf biomass allocation, specific leaf area and leaf area ratio to exploit more favourable light conditions in these locations. The spacer length, specific spacer length and spacer branching angles all showed significant differences between gaps and closed canopy conditions. The larger specific spacer length and spacer branching angle were beneficial for bamboo growth, scattering the ramets and exploiting more favourable light conditions. In summary, this study shows that to varying degrees, F. nitida exhibits both a wide ecological amplitude and high degree of morphological plasticity in response to differing forest canopy conditions. Moreover, the changes in plasticity enable the plants to optimize their light usage efficiency to promote growth and increase access to resources available in heterogeneous light environments.''Carbon preference index (CPI) of long-chain n-alkanes preserved in surface soil increases gradually from southeastern China to the north margin of Loess Plateau. Along this latitudinal transect, the CPI value correlates to relative humidity, precipitation, and temperature with a negative linear relationship, respectively, whereas the correlation of CPI to temperature is relatively weak. In the Wuyi, Shennongjia, and Tianshan Mountains, CPI values do not change systemically with altitude increasing (or temperature decreasing). However, mean value of CPI for the individual mountain increases in turn from the humid mountain to the arid. These results jointly suggest that aridity (or humidity) is a dominate climate factor in altering soil CPI value. High CPI values of geological records therefore indicate the arid paleoclimate. Though long-chain n-alkanes in soil are derived mainly from leaf wax of terrestrial vascular plants, the regular latitudinal variations of soil CPI might not be caused by the change of vegetation. We speculate that increased long-chain n-alkanes from microbes and/or enhanced biodegradation in the humid climate lead to the decrease of soil CPI.''Colombia is a megadiverse country with about 600 species of reptiles; however, there are few studies on species of hemoparasites found in this taxonomic group. Here, we document the presence of Plasmodium spp. in four species of reptiles from the northern part of the Orinoco-Amazon region in Colombia. Individuals analyzed in this study were captured in localities between 200 and altitude, in the department of Guaviare. Each sample was screened for haemosporidian parasites by using morphology and a nested polymerase chain reaction (PCR) protocol that targets the mitochondrial cytochrome b (cytb) gene. Four morphotypes of the genus Plasmodium were found; two of these species are re-described using morphological and molecular data (cytb). For the other two morphotypes, it was not possible to assign a described species. Among those, Plasmodium screened one species was only detected by microscopy. Considering the potential species diversity, it is possible that commonly used primers may not detect all species, reinforcing the importance of using microscopy in haematozoa surveys. There was no correspondence between the morphological traits associated with the subgenera and the phylogenetic relationships that we found in our analyses. Additionally, we found an expansion in the geographical distribution of these two species, and a new host for P. kentropyxi, demonstrating that studies of tropical herpetofauna and their parasites deserve more attention.''This study contributes to the worldwide effort to update the status of mangroves, assessing a large mangrove distribution area in Mexico by analyzing Landsat MSS from the early 1970s and TM imagery from 2005. Four states (Baja California Sur, Sonora, Sinaloa, and Nayarit) integrate the northwest region of Mexico, where the mangrove area was estimated to be around on both dates, with a reduction of about 2% by 2005. Nayarit by itself had a large decrease while the other states increased their mangrove extent from 4 to 15%. However, this increase was probably a consequence of improved satellite capabilities in 2005 rather than mangrove expansion. Mangrove condition, measured through a normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI), was categorized into four types based in the index value distributions. Type 1, representing the poorest condition, included values below the first quartile (Q1), while Type 4, the best condition, was indicated by values above Q3. One of the intermediate categories (Type 3) was dominant, accounting for >40% of the total mangrove surface in both the 1970s and 2005. Mangrove systems in northwest Mexico have different conditions of stress, and thus different management strategies should be identified to preserve and maintain those systems.''The ateline monkeys constitute as certain a monophyletic group as there is among primates. The group is intriguing because while their adaptations are well-documented and their monophyly as a group is unquestioned, their phylogenetic interrelationships are controversial. Molecular data indicate a phylogeny at odds with their morphology. Traditional morphological comparisons isolate Alouatta from the atelins, and link Ateles and Brachyteles as a sister group to the exclusion of Lagothrix. In contrast, several recent molecular studies point to a closer relationship between Brachyteles and Lagothrix than between Brachyteles and Ateles. At the heart of the problem lie the assumptions we make about the validity of data and the homology of observed traits. The fossil record further confounds the issue. We must account for the fossil record because it is positive evidence. But we cannot control how much of it there is or how much of it ever will be known. At this point in time, the ateline molecular and fossil record provoke us to examine critically our morphological approach to phylogenetic modeling.'Abstract not available'The phylogenetic and systematic relationships of the reduced limbed lizards of the genus Bachia are poorly understood. Here, we investigate the eastern Caribbean Bachia assigned to the B. heteropa and B. flavescens groups, whose members are characterized by a band of hexagonal or quadrangular scales on the dorsum, respectively. The polytypic Bachia heteropa is redefined, and the previous subspecies in the Grenadines (Bachia heteropa alleni) and Trinidad (B. h. trinitatis) are demonstrated to be species-level lineages. One new species of hex-scaled Bachia was formerly assigned intergrade status between B. heteropa and Bachia trinitatis. Here, it is described as a new species from Caripito, Venezuela. Bachia h. heteropa, B. h. lineata, and B. h. marcelae are elevated to species status. The Tobago species formerly considered a member of the Bachia flavescens species group is described as a new species. In this paper, we increase the number of species in the genus Bachia from 25 to 31 with the description of two new species and the elevation of four previously described species from the synonymy of Bachia heteropa. This work will greatly improve the understanding of the systematics and evolution of Bachia in the eastern Caribbean.'Abstract not available'The oldest assumed ostracods appear in the fossil record from the TremadocianPaltodus deltifer conodont Biozone. Although geographically widespread these early ostracods have no obvious Cambrian antecedents. Their first appearance at ca. 485 Ma contrasts with molecular evidence that suggests a much earlier (latest Proterozoic or Cambrian) origin for ostracods. Some Cambrian bivalved arthropods such asAltajanella andVojbokalina, conventionally referred to the Bradoriida, have carapace morphologies that resemble Ordovician palaeocopid ostracods, though such a relationship is unproven without soft part anatomy. Evidence from preserved soft anatomy demonstrates that Bradoriida, such asKunmingella, and Phosphatocopida, essentially the Cambrian record of traditional usage, belong outside the Eucrustacea. Early Ordovician ostracods appeared first in shallow marine, oxygenated environments on shelf margins, in a similar setting to other elements of the Their biodiversity was low (3 named genera and ca. 12 species), though some taxa such asNanopsis andEopilla achieved widespread dispersal between major Ordovician palaeocontinents. As bradoriids were largely extinct by the Late Cambrian, ostracods do not appear to have directly competed with them for shallow marine environments. The rapid colonisation of these settings by ostracods may have been facilitated by the available ecospace vacated by Bradoriida.'Abstract not available'Leaf traits functional relationship is particularly important in plant ecological strategies, but few data are available from Mediterranean high-altitude environments. We analysed leaf general patterns and leaf trait relationships in 84 perennial species on the High Atlas, Morocco. We examined the correlation amongst leaf size, leaf width and length, plant height and seed size, analysed multi-trait relationships using Structural Equation Models and tested leaf size variation amongst growth forms (functional groups). Species spanned 103 range of leaf size (sub-lepto- to microphylls). Nanophylls (48.8%) were dominant and over-represented in half-shrubs. Tree and rosette herbs were more likely to have large leaf size (nano-micro- and microphylls), whereas shrubs have medium leaf size (nano-micro- and nanophylls) and cushion and half-shrubs have small (sub-lepto- to nanophylls) and narrow leaves. Small-leaved species synchronized their leaf phenological activity with the dry summer months and large-leaved species extended throughout the spring until the end of summer following the similar patterns found in lowland Mediterranean environments. Regarding woody species, our results showed a positive and significant relationship between leaf size and plant height and a non-significant relationship between leaf size and seed size. Structural Equation Models showed that variation in leaf size was triggered chiefly by changes in leaf form (leaf width) and plant height, seed size being of no relevance. In our study area, large-seeded species have a relatively wide range of leaf size. The hypothesis that the combination of large seeds and small leaves is allometrically unlikely (except for leptophyll Conifers) was supported in this study.''The Peru-Chile current System (PCS) is a region of persistent biases in global climate models. It has strong coastal upwelling, alongshore boundary currents, and mesoscale eddies. These oceanic phenomena provide essential heat transport to maintain a cool oceanic surface underneath the prevalent atmospheric stratus cloud deck, through a combination of mean circulation and eddy flux. We demonstrate these behaviors in a regional, quasi-equilibrium oceanic model that adequately resolves the mesoscale eddies with climatological forcing. The key result is that the atmospheric heating is large over a substantial strip wide off the coast of Peru, and the balancing lateral oceanic flux is much larger than provided by the offshore Ekman flux alone. The atmospheric heating is weaker and the coastally influenced strip is narrower off Chile, but again the Ekman flux is not sufficient for heat balance. The eddy contribution to the oceanic flux is substantial. Analysis of eddy properties shows strong surface temperature fronts and associated large vorticity, especially off Peru. Cyclonic eddies moderately dominate the surface layer, and anticyclonic eddies, originating from the nearshore poleward Peru-Chile Undercurrent (PCUC), dominate the subsurface, especially off Chile. The sensitivity of the PCS heat balance to equatorial intra-seasonal oscillations is found to be small. We demonstrate that forcing the regional model with a representative, coarse-resolution global reanalysis wind product has dramatic and deleterious consequences for the oceanic circulation and climate heat balance, the eddy heat flux in particular.'Abstract not availableAbstract not available'The Burseraceae are known to comprise one of the most important tree families in Amazonia, but examination of Burseraceae diversity indicates that this importance is achieved differently in different parts of the Amazon, generally showing greater relative density compared to relative diversity in the east and greater relative diversity compared to relative density in the west, but both high relative density and diversity in central Amazonia. The patterns of relative density may be explained by current climates and by soils, but those of diversity are more likely a function of historical events. Revision of the Burseraceae for two projects near Manaus, Brazil revealed four new taxa. Protium hebetatum is widespread in western Amazonia, but it is one of the most common trees in central and west-central Amazonia; it resembles P. grandifolium. Protium tonyanum is a distinctive new species in poorly resolved sect. Sarcoprotium. Protium paniculatum var. modestum is known thus far only from the vicinity of Manaus plus several localities in the state of Amazonas, Venezuela; a key to the varieties is provided. Dacryodes hopkinsii is one of a group of four species in that genus from Amazonia and the Venezuelan Guayana with relatively large and fleshy flowers that are functionally bisexual. The discovery of these new taxa underscores the biological importance of Manaus and vicinity as a center of diversity for many taxa and exemplifies the synergy between well-designed floristic projects and systematics.''Hyrcanian forests of North of Iran are of great importance in terms of various economic and environmental aspects. In this study, Spot-6 satellite images and regression models were applied to estimate above-ground biomass in these forests. This research was carried out in six compartments in three climatic (semi-arid to humid) types and two altitude classes. In the first step, ground sampling methods at the compartment level were used to estimate aboveground biomass (Mg/ha). Then, by reviewing the results of other studies, the most appropriate vegetation indices were selected. In this study, three indices of NDVI, RVI, and TVI were calculated. We investigated the relationship between the vegetation indices and aboveground biomass measured at sample-plot level. Based on the results, the relationship between aboveground biomass values and vegetation indices was a linear regression with the highest level of significance for NDVI in all compartments. Since at the compartment level the correlation coefficient between NDVI and aboveground biomass was the highest, NDVI was used for mapping aboveground biomass. According to the results of this study, biomass values were highly different in various climatic and altitudinal classes with the highest biomass value observed in humid climate and high-altitude class.''Population structure studies play an increasingly integral role in conservation and management of marine mammal species. Genetic markers are commonly used; however, ecological markers (i.e. chemical compounds) are a fairly recent and useful tool to investigate ecological management units. The objective of this study is to investigate the population structure of the Atlantic spotted dolphin (Stenella frontalis) within its distribution in the Atlantic Ocean using data from stable isotopes of and and persistent organic pollutants as ecological markers. Based on previous studies that addressed distribution, morphometric analyses and molecular and ecological markers, we hypothesize that there are several ecological management units within the Atlantic Ocean. Our results confirmed population differentiation previously detected using genetic markers. Additionally, dolphins from the south-eastern coast of Brazil do not show complete ecological segregation from the Caribbean ones, while molecular analyses suggested genetic differentiation between the two regions. In the light of these results, we propose that at least two ecological management units should be considered, east and west of the Atlantic Ocean; however, the presence of one or two management units along the Atlantic coast of Central and South America needs further investigation.''Amazon forests are fire-sensitive ecosystems and consequently fires affect forest structure and composition. For instance, the legacy of past fire regimes may persist through some species and traits that are found due to past fires. In this study, we tested for relationships between functional traits that are classically presented as the main components of plant ecological strategies and environmental filters related to climate and historical fires among permanent mature forest plots across the range of local and regional environmental gradients that occur in Amazonia. We used percentage surface soil pyrogenic carbon (PyC), a recalcitrant form of carbon that can persist for millennia in soils, as a novel indicator of historical fire in old-growth forests. Five out of the nine functional traits evaluated across all 378 species were correlated with some environmental variables. Although there is more PyC in Amazonian soils than previously reported, the percentage soil PyC indicated no detectable legacy effect of past fires on contemporary functional composition. More species with dry diaspores were found in drier and hotter environments. We also found higher wood density in trees from higher temperature sites. If Amazon forest past burnings were local and without distinguishable attributes of a widespread fire regime, then impacts on biodiversity would have been small and heterogeneous. Alternatively, sufficient time may have passed since the last fire to allow for species replacement. Regardless, as we failed to detect any impact of past fire on present forest functional composition, if our plots are representative then it suggests that mature Amazon forests lack a compositional legacy of past fire.''Differentiating clay minerals that formed in a supergene environment during deep chemical weathering from those that formed during hydrothermal alteration at higher temperatures associated with a mineralizing event is important in the exploration for epithermal Au deposits. The purpose of this study was to further elucidate this topic by comparing morphological and chemical properties of clay minerals in saprolite overlying epithermally altered bedrock at the Vera Au deposit, Queensland, Australia, with those of clay minerals in saprolite overlying bedrock adjacent to the epithermal alteration zone. X-ray diffraction (XRD) and analytical transmission electron microscopy (ATEM) investigations identified kaolinite, illite, and interstratified illite-smectite, together with quartz, Fe and Ti oxide minerals, and the sulfate minerals jarosite, gypsum, alunite, and natroalunite. Kaolinite crystals within the weathered argillic alteration zone proximal to the epithermal quartz vein are generally larger (up to 3 pm in diameter) and better formed (subhedral to euhedral) than crystals in saprolite distal to the hydrothermal alteration zone, in which smaller (mostly <1 subhedral to anhedral crystals dominate. Energy-dispersive spectrometry (EDS) analysis of single crystals indicated that kaolinite within the alteration zone has an Al/Si ratio indistinguishable from reference kaolinite and has small Fe concentrations, whereas distal saprolitic kaolinite has smaller Al/Si and greater Fe/Si ratios, consistent with the formation of low-Fe kaolinite during hydrothermal alteration and higher-Fe kaolinite during weathering. Illite and interstratified illitesmectite (I-S) were distinguished from kaolinite by their morphology and greater K/Si and smaller Al/Si ratios. The Illite and I-S morphology ranged from thin irregular masses through lath-like crystals in hydrothermal samples to larger, irregularly shaped crystals. The Ca/Si andK/Si ratios of single crystals in Ca-saturated clay minerals were consistent with the I-S interstratification parameters determined from XRD patterns.''Smallholder livelihoods in the Peruvian Altiplano are frequently threatened by weather extremes, including droughts, frosts and heavy rainfall. Given the persistence of significant undernourishment despite regional development efforts, we propose a cluster approach to evaluate vulnerability to weather extremes with regard to food security. We applied this approach to 268 smallholder households using information from two existing regional assessments and from our own household survey. The cluster analysis revealed four vulnerability patterns that depict typical combinations of household attributes, including their harvest failure risk, agricultural resources, education level and non-agricultural income. We validated the identified vulnerability patterns by demonstrating the correlation between them and an independently reported damage: the purchase of food and fodder resulting from exposure to weather extremes. The vulnerability patterns were then ranked according to the different amounts of purchase. A second validation aspect accounted for independently reported mechanisms explaining sensitivity and adaptive capacity. Based on the similarities among the households, our study contributes to the understanding of vulnerability beyond individual cases. In particular, the validation strengthens the credibility and suitability of our findings for decision-making pertaining to the reduction of vulnerability.''American Acraeinae butterflies often ingest large amounts of dehydropyrrolizidine alkaloids (PAs) from their Asteraceae hostplants in both larval and adult stages, but do not normally store these compounds for defence, instead biosynthesizing large amounts of the cyanogenic glucoside linamarin in all stages. This defence syndrome (rejection of plant toxins andde novo synthesis of protective chemicals) is considered to be the most evolved among aposematic (unpalatable mimicry-model) butterflies, as are the Acraeinae and Heliconiini which also synthesize cyanogens. Storage or minimal processing of larval hostplant-derived defensive chemicals is widespread and characterizes the most primitive model groups; an intermediate series (Danainae/Ithomiinae) also obtains the principal defensive chemicals (PAs) from plants, but mostly in the adult stage. These syndromes are discussed and contrasted with the pattern seen in Chrysomelidae beetles, wherede novo synthesis is widespread and considered primitive.''Climate change is expected to impact considerably on viticultural zoning. In this work, impacts of future climate on Argentinean winegrowing regions are assessed using climatic projections from the IPSL-CM5A-MR model for the near and the far future under two emission scenarios (RCP4.5, RCP8.5). Four bioclimatic indices were assessed for exploring possible geographical shifts and suitability changes of Argentinean winegrowing regions. These geographical and suitability changes, assessed in terms of changes in vineyards location, varieties selection, and quality and quantity of grapevines, were considered as challenges and/or opportunities depending on the winegrowing region, the temporal horizon and the emission scenario. Results show a significant southwestward and higher altitude displacement of winegrowing regions, mainly for under RCP8.5 scenario. Accordingly, the Argentinean viticulture may face both opportunities and/or challenges due to projected warmer climate conditions. Winegrowing regions of cold climates could be favoured, while winegrowing regions of warm climates could be disadvantaged, mainly for under RCP8.5. Therefore, warmer climate conditions might be beneficial for maintaining the current grapevine varieties with their current grape quality or for cultivating new grapevine varieties in the new projected winegrowing areas; or they might be harmful for maintaining the current grapevine varieties with their yields and quality over most of current grapevine growing areas, but especially in the projected warmest ones. Summarizing, the results allow for understanding how temperature and precipitation changes could affect the future geographical distribution of Argentinean winegrowing areas and their suitability characteristics, useful information for planning adaptation in the coming decades.''Bacillus thuringiensis is found naturally on the phylloplane. In this study 35 samples from 13 species of the genus Piper (Piperaceae) were collected from three altitudinal levels located between 1800 and 2900 m above sea level in the Colombian Andean forest of Central Cordillera. Two hundred and fifty-six isolates of B. thuringiensis were obtained from 74% of the samples studied. B. thuringiensis index (number of isolates of B. thuringiensis/number of isolates of sporulated bacilli) was 0.2. The isolates were characterized by crystal morphology, the presence of cry genes by PCR, and toxicity against insects. Fifty-five percent of the isolates found presented bipyramidal-crystal morphology, and 42% had round-crystal morphology. Seventy percent of the isolates amplified cry1 [cry one] genes (generally toxic to lepidopterans); 41.4% amplified cry4 and/or cry11 [cry eleven] genes (generally toxic to dipterans), and none of the isolates amplified cry3 genes (generally toxic to coleopterans). The most abundant genotype of cry genes (54.7% of the total) was cry1Aa, cry1Ab, cry1Ac, cry1Ad, and cry1B. From the total isolates found, 7.8% presented both cry1 and cry11 genes, and five isolates (2.0%) harbored cry1, cry4, and cry11 genes; all these isolates were toxic to Culex quinquefasciatus (Diptera) but not to Spodoptera frugiperda (Lepidoptera). To our knowledge, these genotypes have not been previously reported. Overall, almost 60% of the isolates were toxic to S. frugiperda, and a little more than 40% of the isolates were toxic to C. quinquefasciatus. The populations of viable vegetative cells and spores per unit area were estimated and studied statistically. No significant differences in the number of B. thuringiensis isolates per cm2 of leaf among the three altitudinal levels were found, nor were they found among the different Piper species evaluated. This study increases the knowledge of the ecology of B.'Evolution in great lakes has often been both quantitative (many endemic species of distantly related taxa often being present) and qualitative (outstanding levels of adaptive radiation having sometimes been achieved). These situations pose many questions, such as why there are so many endemics and so many superspecialists (and at the same time often many sibling species), as well as presenting problems relating to such matters as convergent evolution in different lakes, the possible role of key innovations, the nature of isolating mechanisms, competition and co-existence in complex communities, the roles of diverse mutualistic associations, and many others. These rich faunas also provide particularly favourable opportunities for studying patterns of speciation, while attempts to elucidate phylogenies in groups such as African cichlid fishes, that have radiated in several lakes, can be pursued on both a broad scale and at the intralacustrine level using both recently developed techniques and time-honoured methods. Rates of evolution, which differ widely between ecologically equivalent taxa in different lakes, have sometimes been extremely rapid, as attested by both molecular data and evidence from field studies. Notwithstanding their evolutionary exuberance, these rich faunas are fragile as demonstrated dramatically by the appalling tragedy that has befallen the haplochromine cichlid flock of Lake Victoria.''Fishes of the genus Pardachirus (Soleidae) are reviewed. Four species are recognized and their distribution mapped: P. marmoratus from the Red Sea and Indian Ocean, P. pavoninus and P. poropterus (Bleeker) from the Indo-Pacific, and P. hedleyi (Ogilby) from estuarine waters of Australia. Achirus rautheri Chabanaud is placed in synonymy with P. hedleyi. The ichthyocrinotoxic effect on teleosts of the secretion from P. pavoninus is described and compared with that of P. marmoratus. The distribution of poison glands in these two species shows more glands present on the eyed side. The number of glands range from 212 to 235 in P. marmoratus and 204 to 237 in P. pavoninus and number of rays on fins associated with the poison glands are about the same for both species. P. marmoratus appears to be more toxic than P. pavoninus.''Spider monkeys are known to be highly frugivorous, relying on a great diversity of ripe fruits. However, there is controversy regarding their classification as specialized frugivores that choose certain types of fruits, e.g., lipid-rich fruits, or generalist frugivores, because they tend to consume the most available fleshy fruits in the environment. We combined data on fruit morphology, phenology, and demographic information for 202 plant species with nutritional information for 78 species, to assess feeding preferences of free ranging white-bellied spider monkeys (Ateles belzebuth) over in Tinigua National Park, Colombia. We used simple and multiple regression analyses to predict fruit feeding time and preference, quantified via behavioral follows of focal individuals Spider monkeys spent more time consuming fruits from productive and abundant plants. These variables had the highest explanatory power, but predicted only 22% of variation in feeding times. Fruit preference was also positively associated with diameter-at-breast height (DBH) and negatively associated with the consumption of species producing mainly in periods of fruit scarcity. Spider monkeys consumed both sugar-rich, e.g., Gustavia hexapetala, and lipid-rich, e.g., Oenocarpus spp., fruits more than predicted from their abundance. Overall, the results show that, at Tinigua Park, spider monkeys are generalized frugivores, as they mainly consume productive species, and do not specialize on lipid-rich fruits. Large data sets are necessary for a good description of primate diets when they inhabit diverse tropical forests; nonetheless it is difficult to find variables that explain a large proportion of the variation in feeding times, because dozens of species are included in the annual diet and exceptions will always occur in relation to preferred plant traits.''The COVID-19 crisis is worsening food insecurity by undermining informal food chains. We focus on impacts involving the informal food chains that incorporate the resilience-enhancing biodiversity of food and agriculture known as agrobiodiversity. Our analysis addresses how informal food chains and agrobiodiversity are impacted by policies and interventions amidst COVID-19 disruptions. Our methodology relies on research in Peru with a focus on and surrounding areas of Lima, Arequipa, Cusco, Huancayo, and We extend these insights to similar challenges and opportunities across western South America and other word regions. We utilize the four-part Agrobiodiversity Knowledge Framework to guide our examination of agrobiodiversity-related processes that interconnect governance, nutrition, agroecology, and the COVID-19 pandemic. Our results detail three links of informal food chains that are being disrupted and yet can offer resilience. These are food retailing, logistics and transportation, and seed systems. Utilization of the Agrobiodiversity Knowledge Framework cuts through highly complex issues to elaborate key food-security difficulties facing informal systems and how they can be strengthened to provide more resilience. We identify the specific roles of agrobiodiversity in resilience-enhancing processes that need strategic policy and program support. Results identify ways to augment the resilience of informal food chains using agrobiodiversity and the empowerment of social groups and organizations in urban food systems and rural communities. We conclude that the disruptions triggered by the global COVID-19 pandemic highlight the need to use agrobiodiversity as an instrument for resilience in informal food chains.''BackgroundThe apomictic reproductive mode of Brachiaria (syn. Urochloa) forage species allows breeders to faithfully propagate heterozygous genotypes through seed over multiple generations. In Brachiaria, reproductive mode segregates as single dominant locus, the apospory-specific genomic region (ASGR). The AGSR has been mapped to an area of reduced recombination on Brachiaria decumbens chromosome 5. A primer pair designed within ASGR-BABY BOOM-like (BBML), the candidate gene for the parthenogenesis component of apomixis in Pennisetum squamulatum, was diagnostic for reproductive mode in the closely related species B. ruziziensis, B. brizantha, and B. decumbens. In this study, we used a mapping population of the distantly related commercial species B. humidicola to map the ASGR and test for conservation of ASGR-BBML sequences across Brachiaria species.ResultsDense genetic maps were constructed for the maternal and paternal genomes of a hexaploid B. humidicola F1 mapping population using genotyping-by-sequencing, simple sequence repeat, amplified fragment length polymorphism, and transcriptome derived single nucleotide polymorphism markers. Comparative genomics with Setaria italica provided confirmation for as the base chromosome number of B. humidicola. High resolution molecular karyotyping indicated that the six homologous chromosomes of the sexual female parent paired at random, whereas preferential pairing of subgenomes was observed in the apomictic male parent. Furthermore, evidence for compensated aneuploidy was found in the apomictic parent, with only five homologous linkage groups identified for chromosome 5 and seven homologous linkage groups of chromosome 6. The ASGR mapped to B. humidicola chromosome 1, a region syntenic with chromosomes 1 and 7 of S. italica. The ASGR-BBML specific PCR product cosegregated with the ASGR in the F1 mapping population, despite its location on a different carrier chromosome than B. decumbens.ConclusionsThe first dense molecular maps of B. humidicola provide strong support for cytogenetic evidence indicating a base chromosome number of six in this species. Furthermore, these results show conservation of the ASGR across the Paniceae in different chromosomal backgrounds and support postulation of the ASGR-BBML as candidate genes for the parthenogenesis component of apomixis.''Behaviors displayed during birth events, including prenatal, parturition, and postpartum periods, can give insight into caretaking roles in species in which the offspring is cared for by individuals other than the mother. Titi monkeys, genus Callicebus, exhibit a pair-bonded social system along with intense male care of offspring. Here, I report the first case of a birth seen in the wild in a group of a little-known species in northern Peru, and describe infant care and development during the first few months after birth. Detailed behavior during the birth sequence as well as ad libitum data postpartum were recorded on nursing and infant care behaviors, including infant carrying, infant grooming, anogenital cleaning, protection, playing, and food sharing. In the preceding and during parturition, the male remained in contact with or in close proximity to the female The male licked and examined the newborn after parturition, carried the infant within after birth, was the main carrier of the infant, and was the predominant manual groomer of the infant during the first after birth. I argue that the male plays an integral role during the birth in order to establish his bond with the infant as well as reinforce infant care duties to the female and in predator vigilance. In light of various explanations for the exhibition of intense paternal care, I suggest that the male titi monkey provides infant care to release the female of these duties in order that she may spend more time foraging, thus potentially increasing the overall reproductive output.''The amphibian chytrid fungus, Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis, Bd, has been implicated in the decimation and extinction of many amphibian populations worldwide, especially at mid and high elevations. Recent studies have demonstrated the presence of the pathogen in the lowlands from Australia and Central America. We extend here its elevational range by demonstrating its presence at the sea level, in the lowland forests of Gorgona Island, off the Pacific coast of Colombia. We conducted two field surveys, separated by and diagnosed Bd by performing polymerase chain reactions on swab samples from the skin of five amphibian species. All species, including the Critically Endangered Atelopus elegans, tested positive for the pathogen, with prevalences between in A. elegans (in 2010) and in Pristimantis achatinus. Clinical signs of chytridiomycosis were not detected in any species. To our knowledge, this is the first report of B. dendrobatidis in tropical lowlands at sea level, where temperatures may exceed optimal growth temperatures of this pathogen. This finding highlights the need to understand the mechanisms allowing the interaction between frogs and pathogen in lowland ecosystems.''Demographic and life history data from wild populations of long-lived primate species are difficult to acquire but are critical for evaluating population viability and the success of conservation efforts. Camera trapping provides an opportunity for researchers to monitor wild animal populations indirectly and could help provide demographic and life history data in a way that demands fewer person-hours in the field, is less disruptive to the study population because it requires less direct contact, and may be cost effective. Using data on group composition collected concurrently though both direct observation and camera trap monitoring, we evaluate whether camera traps can provide reliable information on population dynamics (births, disappearances, interbirth intervals, and other demographic variables) for a wild population of white-bellied spider monkeys (Ateles belzebuth), an Endangered species. We placed camera traps focused on the sole access point used by the monkeys to visit a geophagy site located roughly in the center of one home range, and we reviewed all of the photos collected at that site over a roughly 3-yr period to identify the individual monkeys recorded in the pictures. Group composition based on 2947 photos containing 3977 individual monkey images matched perfectly data collected concurrently through direct observation. The camera traps also provided estimates of the dates when individuals disappeared from the study group, and of infant births during the study. We conclude that long-term camera trap monitoring of wild populations of white-bellied spider other animals that are individually recognizable and that regularly visit predictable be a useful tool for monitoring their population dynamics indirectly.''There has been much emphasis placed on the economic contribution that non-timber forest products (NTFP) can make to rural livelihoods of people living in or near forests. In this study we focus on the benefits of greenery obtained from two tree species, romerillo (Cav.) R. Br.) and avellano Mol.), collected by indigenous women in southern Chile. Trees producing commercial-quality leaves grew in secondary forests dominated by species usually abundant in ecological formations that follow forest degradation. Natural availability of greenery was relatively low (658 and 38 commercial leaves per hectare for romerillo and avellano, respectively) which added to restrictive market conditions resulted in modest financial returns and a contribution to household income of less than 1%. Our results confirm that trade on NTFP does not always lead to significant income generation. Yet, the information provided, represents a basis to explore management alternatives, such as agroforestry schemes, which can potentially expand greenery yield and economic returns.''We developed ten polymorphic microsatellite loci for S. fitti (type A3), and tested their utility on a Caribbean population associated with the coral Acropora palmata and an Indo-Pacific population harbored by the giant clam Tridacna maxima. Our analyses identified from 3 to 8 alleles for each haploid locus. Diversity (R) indices were 0.48 for the Indo-Pacific and 0.81 for the Caribbean. Greater than 95% of the samples possessed a single, symbiont, multilocus genotype (MLG). Among their many uses for the study of coral-algal symbioses, population genetic markers provide insight on the potential for symbiont dispersal, can be used to assess symbiont population stability/longevity in hospite, and partition symbiont diversity into reproductively isolated operational taxonomic units (i.e. species).''BackgroundChikungunya virus (CHIKV) is endemic to Africa and Asia, but the Asian genotype invaded the Americas in 2013. The fast increase of human infections in the American epidemic emphasized the urgency of developing detailed predictions of case numbers and the potential geographic spread of this disease.MethodsWe developed a simple model incorporating cases generated locally and cases imported from other countries, and forecasted transmission hotspots at the level of countries and at finer scales, in terms of ecological features.ResultsBy late January 2015, CHIKV cases were reported from the Americas, with country-level prevalences between nil and more than In the early stages of the epidemic, exponential growth in case numbers was common; later, however, poor and uneven reporting became more common, in a phenomenon we term "surveillance fatigue." Economic activity of countries was not associated with prevalence, but diverse social factors may be linked to surveillance effort and reporting.ConclusionsOur model predictions were initially quite inaccurate, but improved markedly as more data accumulated within the Americas. The data-driven methodology explored in this study provides an opportunity to generate descriptive and predictive information on spread of emerging diseases in the short-term under simple models based on open-access tools and data that can inform early-warning systems and public health intelligence.'"BackgroundIt is much debated whether microbes are easily dispersed globally or whether they, like many macro-organisms, have historical biogeographies. The ubiquitous dispersal hypothesis states that microbes are so numerous and so easily dispersed worldwide that all should be globally distributed and found wherever growing conditions suit them. This has been broadly upheld for protists (microbial eukaryotes) by most morphological and some molecular analyses. However, morphology and most previously used evolutionary markers evolve too slowly to test this important hypothesis adequately.ResultsHere we use a fast-evolving marker (ITS1 rDNA) to map global diversity and distribution of three different clades of cercomonad Protozoa (Eocercomonas and Paracercomonas: phylum Cercozoa) by sequencing multiple environmental gene libraries constructed from globally-dispersed samples per group. Even with this enhanced resolution, identical ITS sequences (ITS-types) were retrieved from widely separated sites and on all continents for several genotypes, implying relatively rapid global dispersal. Some identical ITS-types were even recovered from both marine and non-marine samples, habitats that generally harbour significantly different protist communities. Conversely, other ITS-types had either patchy or restricted distributions.ConclusionOur results strongly suggest that geographic dispersal in macro-organisms and microbes is not fundamentally different: some taxa show restricted and/or patchy distributions while others are clearly cosmopolitan. These results are concordant with the 'moderate endemicity model' of microbial biogeography. Rare or continentally endemic microbes may be ecologically significant and potentially of conservational concern. We also demonstrate that strains with identical 18S but different ITS1 rDNA sequences can differ significantly in terms of morphological and important physiological characteristics, providing strong additional support for global protist biodiversity being significantly higher than previously thought."'Cassava bacterial blight, caused by Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. manihotis (Xam), is the most important bacterial disease affecting this crop. A continuous surveillance of the pathogen population dynamics is required to develop an efficient disease management program. During the 1990s, Xam populations showed high levels of genetic variation and relevant migratory processes that were important determinants of the distribution of the pathogen diversity in Colombia. Aiming to characterize the current population structure of the pathogen and the evolutionary forces that shape these populations, sampling collections were carried out from September 2008 until November 2010 in the Colombian Caribbean Region. One hundred and sixty bacterial isolates were characterized using amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) markers. Additionally, a subset of effector genes were sequenced in some isolates to determine their usefulness in Xam population studies and to provide additional information to that obtained with AFLPs. Virulence patterns of ten isolates were determined in nine cassava accessions. Our results show a complex architecture of population and confirm migratory process previously reported in the Caribbean Region. one of the locations sampled, presented remarkable features in population dynamics such as longer genetic distances, higher diversity indices, and a genetically differentiated population when it was compared with other locations. Virulence tests showed that MCOL2215, one of the most cultivated cassava varieties in the Caribbean coast, was susceptible to the majority of Xam isolates tested. This study shows the current condition of populations of Xam in the Caribbean Region of Colombia, and it contributes to improve the existing bacterial blight control practices.''This paper examines the traditional use of medicinal plants in Northern Peru and Southern Ecuador, with special focus on the Departments of Piura, Lambayeque, La Libertad, Cajamarca, and San Martin, and in Loja province, with special focus on the development since the early colonial period. Northern Peru represents the locus of the old Central Andean "Health Axis." The roots of traditional healing practices in this region go as far back as the Cupisnique culture early in the first millennium BC.Northern Peru and Southern Ecuador share the same cultural context and flora but show striking differences in plant use and traditional knowledge. Two hundred fifteen plant species used for medicinal purposes in Ecuador and 510 plant species used for medicinal purposes in Peru were collected, identified,. and their vernacular names, traditional uses, and applications recorded. This number of species indicates that the healers, market vendors, and members of the public interviewed in Peru still have a very high knowledge of plants in their surroundings, which can be seen as a reflection of the knowledge of the population in general. In Ecuador much of the original plant knowledge has already been lost.In Peru, 433 (85%) were Dicotyledons, 46 (9%) Monocotyledons, 21 (4%) Pteridophytes, and 5 (1%) Gymnosperms. Three species of Giartina (Algae) and one species of the Lichen genus Siphula were used. The families best represented were Asteraceae with 69 species, Fabaceae (35), Lamiaceae (25), and Solanaceae (21). Euphorbiaceae had 12 species, and Poaceae and Apiaceae each accounted for 11 species. In Ecuador the families best represented were Asteraceae (32 species), Euphorbiaceae, Lamiaceae, and Solanaceae (11 species each), and Apiaceae, Fabaceae, Lycopodiaceae (9 species each). One hundred eighty-two (85%) of the species used were Dicotyledons, 20 Monocotyledons (9.3%), 12 ferns (5.5%), and one unidentified lichen was used.Most of the plants used (83%) were native to Peru and Ecuador. Fresh plants, often collected wild, were used in two thirds of all cases in Peru, but in almost 95% of the cases in Ecuador. The most common applications included the ingestion of herb decoctions or the application of plant material as poultices.Although about 50% of the plants in use in the colonial period have disappeared from the popular pharmacopoeia, the overall number of plant species used medicinally has increased in Northern Peru, while Southern Ecuador shows a decline of plant knowledge since colonial times.''Seed dispersal is a mutualistic interaction in which frugivores gain nutrients and plants gain when seeds are transported to adequate places for establishment. However, this relationship is prone to deceit, for example, when frugivores spit-out seeds in the proximity of parental trees. Still, few hypotheses have offered explanations on why deceiving strategies are not widespread. In this study, I explore the importance of how difficult it is to mechanically separate the nutritious pulp from the seeds, as a factor that can explain the chance a seed has of being dispersed by woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagothricha). I completed of focal animal follows during in order to quantify the chances plant species have of being dispersed. To do so, I evaluated the residuals from the relationship between the number of seeds manipulated and seeds dispersed by a population of woolly monkeys in Tinigua Park (Colombia). For 74 fruit species, I estimated how difficult it is to separate pulp from seeds as the time needed to separate the parts. An exponential model showed that this variable was able to predict 38% of the variation on dispersal probability, demonstrating that, when it is difficult to separate the pulp from the seeds, the probability of legitimate dispersal increases. However, when fruit parts were easy to separate, there was more variation in the outcome. My results suggest that many plants have evolved mechanisms (e.g., small seeds embedded in pulp, strong attachment, irregular seed surface, and thin pulp layer) that preclude deceit by frugivores.''Reproduction in many angiosperms depends on attracting animals that provide pollination and seed dispersal services. Flowers and fleshy fruits present various features that can attract animal mutualists through visual, olfactory, acoustic, and tactile cues and signals, and some of these traits may result from selection exerted by pollinators and seed dispersers. Plant attractants can provide information regarding the presence, location, and quality of the reward. However, because of the different functional outcomes of pollination and seed dispersal, pollination systems are thought to be more highly specialized than seed dispersal systems. Despite these interesting parallels and contrasts, theoretical and empirical insights in the sensory ecology of pollination and seed dispersal are rarely considered together. Here, we review extant theory and data of sensory attractants from both pollination and seed dispersal systems. We discuss theoretical and empirical similarities and differences between pollination and seed dispersal and offer suggestions for ways in which insights from each field may benefit the other in future.''Within the order Testudines, while phylogenetic analyses have been performed on the suborder Cryptodira with complete mitochondrial genomes (mitogenomes), mitogenomic information from another important suborder Pleurodira has been inadequate. In the present study, complete mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) sequences of two chelid turtles Chelodina rugosa and Chelus fimbriata were firstly determined, the lengths of which were 16,582 and respectively. As the typical vertebrate mitogenome, both mtDNAs consist of 13 protein coding genes, 2 ribosomal RNAs (rRNAs), 22 transfer RNAs (tRNAs), and a long noncoding region (control region, CR). However, the initiation sites for light-strand replication (OL), which has been identified in all reported Cryptodire mitogenomes, were not found in the putative position of the two chelid turtles and African helmeted turtle Pelomedusa subrufa. The results suggested that the absence of mitogenomic initiation sites (OL) could be a characteristic of Pleurodira. Phylogenetic relationships of chelid turtles and other turtles were reconstructed using the reported mitogenomes. Both maximum likelihood (ML) and Bayesian inference (BI) analyses suggested the monophyly of Pleurodira and Cryptodira as well as a sister group relationship between the two chelid turtles with strong statistical support. This phylogenetic framework was also utilized to estimate divergence dates among lineages using relaxed-clock methods combined with fossil evidence. Divergence estimates revealed that genus Chelodina diverged from genus Chelus in Late Cretaceous years ago (mya)), and the time is consistent with the vicariance of the fragments which was caused by Gondwana split.''An exploration of the ligninolytic potential of lignocellulolytic microbial consortia can improve our understanding of the eco-enzymology of lignin conversion in nature. In this study, we aimed to detect enriched lignin-transforming enzymes on metagenomes from three soil-derived microbial consortia that were cultivated on plant biomass (wheat straw, WS1-M; switchgrass, SG-M; and corn stover, CS-M). Of 60 selected enzyme-encoding genes putatively involved in lignin catabolism, 20 genes were significantly abundant in WS1-M, CS-M, and/or SG-M consortia compared with the initial forest soil inoculum metagenome (FS1). These genes could be involved in lignin oxidation (e.g., superoxide dismutases), oxidative stress responses (e.g., catalase/peroxidases), generation of protocatechuate (e.g., vanAB genes), catabolism of gentisate, catechol and 3-phenylpropionic acid (e.g., gentisate 1,2-dioxygenases, muconate cycloisomerases, and hcaAB genes), the beta-ketoadipate pathway (e.g., pcaIJ genes), and tolerance to lignocellulose-derived inhibitors (e.g., thymidylate synthases). The taxonomic affiliation of 22 selected lignin-transforming enzymes from WS1-M and CS-M consortia metagenomes revealed that Pseudomonadaceae, Alcaligenaceae, Sphingomonadaceae, Caulobacteraceae, Comamonadaceae, and Xanthomonadaceae are the key bacterial families in the catabolism of lignin. A predictive was sketched out, where each microbial population has the potential to metabolize an array of aromatic compounds through different pathways, suggesting that lignin catabolism can follow a strategy. Here, we have established an association between functions and taxonomy, allowing a better understanding of lignin transformations in soil-derived lignocellulolytic microbial consortia, and pinpointing some bacterial taxa and catabolic genes as ligninolytic trait-markers.''This systematic review aims to synthesize how agent-based modeling (ABM) has been used in migration and modern slavery research and provide the basis to model development for social science researchers exploring the use of ABM. We searched five bibliographic databases using two terminology categories: (1) migration or modern slavery terminology; (2) complex system methods terminology. Two reviewers conducted independent article screening. Peer-reviewed articles presenting original migration or modern slavery ABMs were included. Data extraction included model development steps and model characteristics. The dataset was synthesized and compared across studies. We identified 28 articles for inclusion. Many of the ABMs tested theories and about half were based on empirical data. Model development varied considerably and reported methods were extremely opaque. Only five studies used a structured development framework. The most common model involved agents deciding whether and where to migrate and attempting migration. Climate change was a common exogenous scenario modeled. Most of the ABMs did not undergo any sensitivity analysis or validation.ABM has a greater capacity to account for heterogeneous and dynamic decision-making than more frequently applied methods in research on migration and modern slavery. However, there is still a paucity of studies adopting ABM methods. These reviewed ABMs highlight gaps in the reporting and implementing of model development. ABM is a promising technique to address many urgent and complex questions in research on migration and modern slavery to better support decision-makers, but addressing current methodological gaps is a critical first step.''BackgroundUnderstanding the genetic structure of natural populations provides insight into the demographic and adaptive processes that have affected those populations. Such information, particularly when integrated with geospatial data, can have translational applications for a variety of fields, including public health. Estimated effective migration surfaces (EEMS) is an approach that allows visualization of the spatial patterns in genomic data to understand population structure and migration. In this study, we developed a workflow to optimize the resolution of spatial grids used to generate EEMS migration maps and applied this optimized workflow to estimate migration of Plasmodium falciparum in Cambodia and bordering regions of Thailand and Vietnam.MethodsThe optimal density of EEMS grids was determined based on a new workflow created using density clustering to define genomic clusters and the spatial distance between genomic clusters. Topological skeletons were used to capture the spatial distribution for each genomic cluster and to determine the EEMS grid density; i.e., both genomic and spatial clustering were used to guide the optimization of EEMS grids. Model accuracy for migration estimates using the optimized workflow was tested and compared to grid resolutions selected without the optimized workflow. As a test case, the optimized workflow was applied to genomic data generated from P. falciparum sampled in Cambodia and bordering regions, and migration maps were compared to estimates of malaria endemicity, as well as geographic properties of the study area, as a means of validating observed migration patterns.ResultsOptimized grids displayed both high model accuracy and reduced computing time compared to grid densities selected in an unguided manner. In addition, EEMS migration maps generated for P. falciparum using the optimized grid corresponded to estimates of malaria endemicity and geographic properties of the study region that might be expected to impact malaria parasite migration, supporting the validity of the observed migration patterns.ConclusionsOptimized grids reduce spatial uncertainty in the EEMS contours that can result from user-defined parameters, such as the resolution of the spatial grid used in the model. This workflow will be useful to a broad range of EEMS users as it can be applied to analyses involving other organisms of interest and geographic areas.''BackgroundZoonotic Visceral Leishmaniasis (ZVL) is a vector-borne disease affecting humans and other mammals and caused by the protozoan parasite Leishmania (Leishmania) infantum (syn. L. chagasi), belonging to the L. donovani complex. The regions in Northern Argentina (above 32 are its southern distribution limit in South America.ResultsWe detected Leishmania sp. DNA (most likely belonging to the L. donovani complex) in of 32 grey foxes (Pseudalopex griseus) captured in Argentinean Patagonia and Eleven monosexual pools of Amblyomma tigrinum ticks from eight different foxes (six grey foxes and two culpeo foxes P. culpaeus) were also positive. The southernmost known distribution limit for L. infantum, and the southernmost reported capture of a phlebotominae, had previously been 2000 and north of our study area, respectively.ConclusionsThis finding is significant because it markedly extends the distribution area of leishmaniasis; supports the existence of a sylvatic cycle in the absence of dogs; and has implications in transmission, indicating that either sand fly distribution is broader than currently thought or non-sand fly Leishmania maintenance is possible. Additional molecular, parasitological, epidemiological and entomological studies are still needed.''Bioweathering in arid lands is a complex set of processes comprising a wide variety of organisms, all contributing to soil formation. Weathering starts with outcrop fragmentation by physical forces, later thermal stress and salts produce propagation of cracks that allow colonization by lithobiontic communities. Growth and development of primary colonizers produce pools of C and N available for further establishment of non-vascular plants when moisture is available. Furthermore, plants capable of living in crevices establish interactions with microbial communities and together optimize rock resources (organic or inorganic), enhance nutrient cycling, and accelerate soil development. Cacti and succulents are frequent rock colonizers in hot deserts. These plants exhibit numerous adaptations that enable them to survive in deserts including CAM biochemistry, physiological adaptations, and interactions with their associated microbiome. The associated microbiomes include plant growth-promoting microorganisms that increase essential nutrient supply (N and P) to the plants. We propose a conceptual model of weathering where microbial associates induce higher root exudation of organic acids in succulents. This model has to be experimentally tested; however, it involves several challenges, such as: (a) the difficulty of collecting exudates from the field or emulating experimental conditions similar to nature, and (b) selecting appropriate temporal scales to detect measurable changes since most cacti exhibit remarkably slow growth rates. Therefore, innovative approaches are in order.''Based on the data of in surface snow, snow pits, meltwater and the glacier-fed river water at Baishui Glacier No.1, Mt. Yulong, the isotopic fractionation behaviors in the typical monsoonal temperate glacier system in winter and summer were compared. The results indicate that the isotopic fractionation degree in summer is greater than that in winter, suggesting that the snow/ice melting is more intense in summer. Moreover, whenever it is in winter or summer, from surface snow to meltwater, and to glacier-fed river water, the gradient of with altitude gradually increases. This shows that the degree of isotopic fractionation gradually strengthens when surface snow is being converted into meltwater and finally into glacial river water, which suggests that the influence of post-depositional processes on gradient in the monsoonal temperate glacier region differs spatially.''Microsatellite or single sequence repeat (SSR) markers have been commonly used in genetic research in many crop species, including common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.). A limited number of existing SSR markers have been designed from high-throughput sequencing of the genome, warranting the exploitation of new SSR markers from genomic regions. In this paper, we sequenced total DNA from the genotype Hong Yundou with a 454-FLX pyrosequencer and found numerous SSR loci. Based on these, a large number of SSR markers were developed and 90 genomic-SSR markers with clear bands were tested for mapping and diversity detection. The new SSR markers proved to be highly polymorphic for molecular polymorphism, with an average polymorphism information content value of 0.44 in 131 Chinese genotypes and breeding lines, effective for distinguishing Andean and Mesoamerican genotypes. In addition, we integrated 85 primers of the 90 polymorphism markers into the bean map using an F2 segregating population derived from Hong Yundou crossed with Jingdou. The distribution of SSR markers among 11 chromosomes was not random and tended to cluster on the linkage map, with 14 new markers mapped on chromosome Pv01, whereas only four loci were located on chromosome Pv04. Overall, these new markers have potential for genetic mapping, genetic diversity studies and map-based cloning in common bean.''The aim of this study was to evaluate the phosphorus (P) extraction ability of the methods Mehlich 1 (M-1), Mehlich 3 (M-3), anion exchange resin in strips (AER-ST), and anion exchange resin in spheres (AER-SP), as a function of clay content, P rates, and incubation time. Experimental units were built with 20%, 40%, 60%, and 80% of clay and five different phosphorus rates as follows: 0, 100, 200, 400, and P with subsequent incubation for 0, 30, and After that, the samples were subjected to the analysis of extractable P using the M-1, M-3, AER-ST, and AER-SP extractors. All P extraction methods evaluated were sensitive to clay content and to the amount of added P. The input of P increased the recovery of this nutrient by all extractors, but this was less effective when the clay content of the soil was increased. In general, the ability of phosphorus extraction from the soil followed the order: The longer contact time of P with the soil, lower is the extracted P content, regardless of the extraction method, this being more evident in clayey soils. All extraction methods tested are sensitive to clay content, incubation time, and to the P concentration applied.'dendroclimatic study was conducted in the treeline ecotone of Barun Valley, eastern Nepal, to determine the tree-ring climate response and ring width trend of Abies spectabilis. A 160-year-old chronology, from 1850 to 2010, was developed from 38 tree-ring samples. No higher growth in recent decades was observed in tree-ring width in this area. The mean temperature of the current year in February and in the combined winter months of December, January, and February showed significant positive correlation with tree-ring width, although no significant correlation was found between tree-ring width and the precipitation pattern of the region. This tree-ring climate response result is different from that in other studies in Nepal, which could be attributed to location and'This study aimed to estimate in laboratory the temporal production of methylmercury during the filling of reservoirs of hydropower plants and to correlate it to the ecosystem of different locations in northern Brazil: Jirau hydropower plant in the Madeira River in the state of (white construction), Cana Brava hydropower plant in the Tocantins River in the state of (clear and the Negro River in the Amazon (black After collecting water, soil, and sediment samples in the regions mentioned, a microcosm was created to reproduce the conditions close to those found in nature. Water/soil/Hg0/Hg2+ and water/sediment/Hg0/Hg2+ were added to glass recipients. Next, methylmercury concentration was monitored by atomic fluorescence spectrometry, total organic carbon by TOC 5000A, and physical and chemical parameters such as pH, redox potential, and dissolved oxygen, for The results obtained allow concluding that organic matter plays an important role, providing excess methyl groups to react with inorganic Hg and form organic Hg. The Negro River, which has higher contents of organic matter in its soil, water, and sediment, presented higher potential of mercury methylation in both experiments performed, followed by rivers Madeira and Tocantins.''Cyanobacteria are important colonizers of recently deglaciated proglacial soil but an in-depth investigation of cyanobacterial succession following glacier retreat has not yet been carried out. Here, we report on the successional trajectories of cyanobacterial communities in biological soil crusts (BSCs) along a 100-year deglaciation gradient in three glacier forefields in central Svalbard, High Arctic. Distance from the glacier terminus was used as a proxy for soil age (years since deglaciation), and cyanobacterial abundance and community composition were evaluated by epifluorescence microscopy and pyrosequencing of partial 16S rRNA gene sequences, respectively. Succession was characterized by a decrease in phylotype richness and a marked shift in community structure, resulting in a clear separation between early since deglaciation), mid and late communities. Changes in cyanobacterial community structure were mainly soil age and associated shifts in soil chemical composition (mainly moisture, SOC, SMN, K, and Na concentrations). Phylotypes associated with early communities were related either to potentially novel lineages similar to sequences currently available in GenBank) or lineages predominantly restricted to polar and alpine biotopes, suggesting that the initial colonization of proglacial soil is accomplished by cyanobacteria transported from nearby glacial environments. Late communities, on the other hand, included more widely distributed genotypes, which appear to establish only after the microenvironment has been modified by the pioneering taxa.''BackgroundQuaternary climatic changes led to variations in sea level and these variations played a significant role in the generation of marine terrace deposits in the South Atlantic Coastal Plain. The main consequence of the increase in sea level was local extinction or population displacement, such that coastal species would be found around the new coastline. Our main goal was to investigate the effects of sea level changes on the geographical structure and variability of genetic lineages from a Petunia species endemic to the South Atlantic Coastal Plain. We employed a phylogeographic approach based on plastid sequences obtained from individuals collected from the complete geographic distribution of Petunia integrifolia ssp. depauperata and its sister group. We used population genetics tests to evaluate the degree of genetic variation and structure among and within populations, and we used haplotype network analysis and Bayesian phylogenetic methods to estimate divergence times and population growth.ResultsWe observed three major genetic lineages whose geographical distribution may be related to different transgression/regression events that occurred in this region during the Pleistocene. The divergence time between the monophyletic group P. integrifolia ssp. depauperata and its sister group (P. integrifolia ssp. integrifolia) was compatible with geological estimates of the availability of the coastal plain. Similarly, the origin of each genetic lineage is congruent with geological estimates of habitat availability.ConclusionsDiversification of P. integrifolia ssp. depauperata possibly occurred as a consequence of the marine transgression/regression cycles during the Pleistocene. In periods of high sea level, plants were most likely restricted to a refuge area corresponding to fossil dunes and granitic hills, from which they colonized the coast once the sea level came down. The modern pattern of lineage geographical distribution and population variation was established by a range expansion with serial founder effects conditioned on soil availability.''The forest floor needle mass and the decomposition rates of pine needle litter in a European climate transect were studied in order to estimate the impact of climate change on forest soil carbon sequestration. Eight pine forests preserved from fire were selected along a climatic latitudinal gradient from to from Spain and Portugal to Sweden. The forest floor (Oi and Oe layers) was sorted into five categories of increasing decomposition level according to morphological criteria. The needle mass loss in each category was determined using a linear mass density method. The needle decomposition rate was calculated from the needle fall (NF), the mass of each category and its mass loss. For each site, the remaining mass vs. the calculated time was best fitted by an asymptotic model which indicates that the organic matter should be made up of two fractions: a decomposable one and a recalcitrant one. NF was correlated with actual evapotranspiration (AET) whereas the decomposition parameters (decomposition rate of the decomposable fraction, first year mass loss, forest floor needle mass, age of the most-decomposed category) were related to a combined response function to climate (CRF) based on the Hoff law for temperature and the water deficit (DEF) for moisture. Scenarios with temperature increases, without and with DEF increases, were applied to predict forest floor needle mass changes. C would be lost from the forest floor if only temperature increases and this loss would increase from south to north. If more droughts occur, the forest floor would then tend to sequester C according to the level of the DEF and the latitude of the site. For example, a site in Portugal which is presently the most active site of the transect in terms of decomposition because of its present favourable warm Atlantic climate would react with a large range of responses, losing carbon under an unchanged precipitation regime and sequestering up to 3 times its present stock of carbon under drier conditions.''A growing body of literature reveals that the interactions among the parasite community may be strong and significant for parasite dynamics. There may be inter-specific antagonistic interactions as a result of competition and cross-effective immune response, or synergistic interactions where infection by one parasite is facilitated by another one, either by an impoverishment of the defenses, parasite-induced selective immunosuppression, or trade-offs within the immune system. The nature of these interactions may depend on how related are the parasite species involved. Here we explored the presence of associations among gastrointestinal parasites (coccidia and helminths) in natural populations of two wild mammal species, the capybara (Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris) and the guanaco (Lama guanicoe). The associations explored were between the oocyst outputs of a selected Eimeria species and the other coccidia of that parasite community, and between Eimeria spp. and the predominant nematodes. The statistical analysis included adjustment for potential confounders or effect modifiers. In guanacos, the prevailing interactions were synergistic among the coccidia and between coccidia and nematodes (Nematodirus spp.). However, in capybaras, the interaction between nematodes (Viannaiidae) and Eimeria spp. depended on environmental and host factors. The relationship was positive in some circumstances (depending on season, year, sex, or animal size), but it appeared to become antagonistic under different scenarios. These antagonist interactions did not follow a particular seasonal pattern (they occurred in autumn, spring, and summer), but they were predominantly found in females (when they depended on sex) or in 2010 and 2011 (when they depended on the sampling year). These results suggest that the relationship between coccidia and nematodes in capybaras may be context dependent. We propose that the context-dependent immune investment documented in capybaras may be the cause of these varying interactions.''Gold mining is known to generate important economic products but also to produce several types of contamination/pollution. We report here the first data about Hg concentrations in the soils of the Yacuambi River in the Ecuadorian Amazon. We analyzed soil samples to assess the extent of contamination caused by gold placer mining in this area. Hg concentrations in soils exceeded the local background concentrations. High concentrations of Mn, As, Pb, Cr, Cu, Fe and Zn in some soil samples were probably derived from the geology of the site, which is rich in polysulfides and metamorphic rocks. Placer mining may accelerate the natural release of these elements to the environment by the exposure of the bedrock to the atmosphere. Accumulation of Hg in the river soils may be a potential source of toxicity for aquatic life and a risk to human health in the future.''The genus Leucheria Lag. (Asteraceae Bercht. and J. Presl, tribe Nassauvieae Cass.) comprises 45 species and three infraspecific taxa distributed in the Andean region from southern Chile and Argentina to Peru. Six species are annual herbs. The genus has had a long taxonomic history involving the transference of species described originally under many different genera. The main objectives of this paper were to determine the phylogenetic relationships of species of Leucheria, examine the hypothesis that the ancestor of Leucheria would have originated in a forested habitat and examine the validity of nine morphologically defined evolutionary lines recognized in earlier work on the genus. Additionally we investigated whether the annual species of Leucheria are derived. We extracted DNA from leaf material for 45 taxa (94%) of Leucheria. We used Bayesian inference and plastid and nuclear genes to construct a phylogenetic hypothesis. Results show that Leucheria is monophyletic and is comprised of two main clades. One clade comprises perennial acaulescent/subacaulescent species, all with a solitary capitulum. We recognized three lineages in the second clade comprised of caulescent species that exhibit multiple capitula. Optimization of life-form over the phylogeny showed that five of the six annual species studied are derived in our tree. We conclude that the appearance of the annual habit is associated with the colonization of arid conditions in the winter rainfall coastal desert of northern Chile. Our result shows that species of Leucheria from forested habitats are derived. Discrepancies with previously recognized morphologically defined evolutionary lines were detected.''Rhizospheric soil samples were taken from Puna native grasses along an altitudinal gradient. Biodiversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) and associated bacteria was analyzed considering altitude and grasses photosynthetic pathways (metabolic type C3, C4). Cultivation-dependent approaches were applied to obtain further information about the phylogeny of the dominating cultivable bacteria communities present in rhizospheric soil samples. In average, the bacterial count ranged between and of dry weight of soil. Individual bacterial colonies of aerobic heterotrophic bacteria grown on R2A medium were morphologically grouped and identified as typical soil bacteria belonging to the genera Bacillus, Pseudomonas, and Arthrobacter. Ten AMF taxa were found: Acaulospora sp., A. laevis, A. spinosa, Gigaspora sp., Gi. ramisporophora, Glomus sp., Gl. aggregatum, Gl. ambisporum, Gl. sinuosum, and Scutellospora biornata. AMF diversity decreased with altitude.''Virus free tubers from thirty-six clones of tuber bearing Solanum species belonging to different ploidy levels, from the world gene bank at the International Potato Center, were cultivated under field conditions at low and high fertilizer rates. Nine of the clones were chosen for their high yielding potential (advanced group) and twenty-seven for their extensiveness (native group). The tuber yields of the thirty-six clones at the two fertilizer levels were positively correlated and the advanced group yielded more than the native group, even under conditions of low soil fertility.A broad genetic variation in root size at both fertilizer levels was apparent. Although some native clones showed rather large root systems as a group, the advanced clones had a similar root dry weight to the native clones.Tuber dry weight was significantly correlated with root dry weight but the advanced clones had a higher tuber yield per unit of root dry matter produced.''Global warming is causing ice retreat in glaciers worldwide, most visibly over the last few decades in some areas of the planet. One of the most affected areas is the region of Tierra del Fuego (southern South America). Vascular plant recolonisation of recently deglaciated areas in this region is initiated by Gunnera magellanica, which forms symbiotic associations with the cyanobacterial genus Nostoc, a trait that likely confers advantages in this colonisation process. This symbiotic association in the genus Gunnera is notable as it represents the only known symbiotic relationship between angiosperms and cyanobacteria. The aim of this work was to study the genetic diversity of the Nostoc symbionts in Gunnera at three different, nested scale levels: specimen, population and region. Three different genomic regions were examined in the study: a fragment of the small subunit ribosomal RNA gene (16S), the RuBisCO large subunit gene coupled with its promoter sequence and a chaperon-like protein (rbcLX) and the ribosomal internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region. The identity of Nostoc as the symbiont was confirmed in all the infected rhizome tissue analysed. Strains isolated in the present study were closely related to strains known to form symbioses with other organisms, such as lichen-forming fungi or bryophytes. We found 12 unique haplotypes in the 16S rRNA (small subunit) region analysis, 19 unique haplotypes in the ITS region analysis and 57 in the RuBisCO proteins region (rbcLX). No genetic variability was found among Nostoc symbionts within a single host plant while Nostoc populations among different host plants within a given sampling site revealed major differences. Noteworthy, interpopulation variation was also shown between recently deglaciated soils and more ancient ones, between eastern and western sites and between northern and southern slopes of Cordillera Darwin. The cell structure of the symbiotic relationship was observed with low-temperature scanning electron microscopy, showing changes in morphology of both cyanobiont cells (differentiate more heterocysts) and plant cells (increased size). Developmental stages of the symbiosis, including cell walls and membranes and EPS matrix states, were also observed.''Species of Phytophthora are prominent in lists of emerging threats to forest ecosystems. We explore the conditions leading to and the consequences of the emergence of some Phytophthora species from their presumptive coevolved roles in undisturbed forest ecosystems to destructive agents as invasive forest pathogens. Phytophthora species are widespread, relatively abundant, very diverse, and poorly understood in many relatively undisturbed forest ecosystems. Three examples are examined in detail to illustrate the range of pathways to emergence and the varied consequences to forest environments. Phytophthora lateralis causes Port-Orford cedar root disease in western North America and now Europe. Phytophthora ramorum is causing unprecedented mortality in oak and tanoak forests in California, as the cause of sudden oak death, and is killing planted larch in the UK, and Phytophthora cinnamomi kills trees in parts of the world where it has been introduced. Active programs are underway in each case to manage, if not eliminate, their damage. In no case, however, has eradication been achieved. Prevention, by blocking initial introduction, has the highest probability of success.''In passerines, high species richness is driven mainly by dense occupation of the trait space rather than by an increased volume of the trait space. This niche packing mechanism would be allowed by increased specialization. Here we studied the Tyranni to investigate how species from the parvorders Tyrannida and Furnariida share the trait space. Because Furnariida include more specialized species in diet and foraging, we expected niche packing to be a predominant mechanism driving species richness in this group and tested (1) whether differences exist in local functional structure and the spatial regularity of occupied functional space between the groups and, if so, (2) whether the differences in local functional structure are explained by species trait combinations, species abundances, or both. We calculated indexes of functional diversity (alpha diversity), variation in trait composition (beta diversity), and generalized linear mixed models (GLMMs). We recorded 32 and 30 species in each passerine group using point counts for 4 years in an undisturbed continuous forest of southern Brazil. Although both groups presented similar overall richness, our models indicated that Furnariida had more species per transect and higher diversity values than those of Tyrannida but lower dissimilarity and turnover of traits. Furthermore, linear models of species richness and functional richness had higher slopes for Tyrannida than for Furnariida. Our study suggests two different strategies in Tyranni: while species richness in Tyrannida is reached by higher dissimilarity among local assemblages, in Furnariida species packing is the dominant mechanism.''This study investigated the irrigation water requirements (IWR) for corn in five provinces of the coastal region of Ecuador that have been influenced by climate change. The weather data were statistically downscaled from six General Circulation Models and compared with the current climate period from 1986 to 2012. CROPWAT 8.0 was used to estimate future IWR for corn cultivation from 2011 to 2100 based on the Representative Concentration Pathways 4.5 and 8.5 scenarios. Also the frequency of predicted rainfall for future periods was analysed to identify the possibility of obtaining the amount of water required for corn plantation from rainfall. The projected trend of future climate showed increases in temperature and rainfall. The predicted IWR showed a decreasing trend in the rainy season and a similar or slightly lower trend in the dry season. Sufficient rain for corn cultivation was predicted for the wet region of the study area, with lower IWR, whereas most of the dry region was shown to have similar patterns of current water demands, except an increase in predicted rainfall resulted in lower IWR in some parts of this region.'Abstract not available'Pastures in southern Chile are composed of forage grasses and associated legumes. Apart from native grass species, in many areas perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.) have been introduced. It is thought that most of the N in these pastures is derived from the symbiosis between rhizobium bacteria and the clover. However, various factors can limit the biological nitrogen fixation (BNF) potential. Soils of (southern Chile) are derived from volcanic ash (Andisols), and show high acidity and phosphorus (P) retention capacity and there is often a low availability of exchangeable cations and, sometimes, micronutrients, which together with high aluminium (Al) concentrations can inhibit BNF potential by nodulated legumes. An experiment was carried out on an Andisol of on a permanent pasture, to evaluate the influence of these fertility factors grass and legume productivity and on the BNF contribution to white clover. Treatments included two rates of lime (0 and and eight fertilisation treatments: 1. Complete (macronutrients in kg N-50, P2O5-180, K2O-100, MgO-70, S-50, and micronutrients); six other treatments with complete fertilisation but, respectively, without N, P, K, Mg, S and micronutrients, and a control without fertiliser application. The experiment was conducted over and soil fertility parameters, grass and clover biomass production were evaluated and the BNF contribution to the clover was estimated using 15N isotope dilution technique. Potassium was found to be the most limiting element for dry matter production, especially for the clover. Liming increased soil pH values and Ca and Mg contents, strongly reduced Al saturation and increased dry matter production. The proportional contribution of BNF to the white clover was high, reaching 80% of total N accumulated by the plants and not significantly affected by addition of lime or fertiliser. However, the accumulation of dry matter and total N, and the total N derived from BNF by the clover were over three times higher in the complete fertilisation treatments than in the control in both years and in the limed and unlimed treatments. The results of this study indicate that pasture productivity can be improved by liming and fertilisation which favour growth of the legume and ryegrass to the detriment of the native grasses. The increase in the proportion of ryegrass and clover should result in improved quality of the available forage, and in the case of the clover, stimulates an increase in the N contribution from BNF thus dispensing with the need for N fertiliser.''AimsGevuina avellana and Lomatia dentata are Proteaceae species from evergreen temperate forests, but only G. avellana can colonize nutrient deprived volcanic depositions. We hypothesized that under nutrient deprivation, G. avellana would present higher survival, physiological performance, and adjustment regarding cluster root (CR) formation and carboxylate exudation rate than L. dentata.MethodsWe evaluated relative growth rate, maximal photosynthetic rate, photochemical performance, nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P) leaf concentrations, specific leaf area, photosynthetic P and N use efficiency (PPUE and PNUE), CR formation and carboxylate exudation rate. Plants were grown in a greenhouse, using recent volcanic substrate and watered with different nutrient Hoagland (H) solutions: modified full Hoagland, without P, without N, or tap water.ResultsBoth species showed high survival. G. avellana exhibited higher growth rates (RGR), and higher CR number and biomass allocation under nutrient deprivation, but lower carboxylate exudation rates than L. dentata. Malate, oxalate and succinate were detected in root exudates of G. avellana but only oxalate in L. dentata. However, PPUE and PNUE were higher in L. dentata than in G. avellana .ConclusionsOur hypothesis was not entirely accepted, CR formation was more in G. avellana, and composition of carboxylates was more diverse, with lower exudation rates than L. dentata. Moreover, L. dentata showed higher PNUE and PPUE, partly explained by thinner leaves. Different responses are related with edaphic conditions, where both species inhabit: more diverse to G. avellana and restricted to developed soils to L. dentata.'Abstract not available'The Tazzeka Mountain, located approximately 20 km south of Taza, eastern Morocco, is composed of a Westphalian volcano-sedimentary complex. It contains rhyolitic ignimbrites with the following minerals: quartz, potassium feldspar, oligoclase-andesine, and biotite. The ignimbrites are extensively altered because of a dense network of fractures in the massif. Alteration has resulted in the formation of spheroidal rocks and saprolite, the thickness of which depends on local topography. The evolution of the biotites in the ignimbrites was investigated by microprobe analysis of the mica crystals. This technique provides data that are not accessible through classical analytical methods. Biotites are transformed into secondary clay minerals, mainly chlorites and illites; intermediate stages are related to the degree of alteration of biotite, the latter being expressed by the K2O content which decreases progressively from 7.3 to 1.3%. Next come protochlorites and chlorites sensu stricto, in which the K2O content is 0.3%. Several processes including retrodiagenesis, hydrothermal activity, fumarolic activity, and geochemical weathering contributed to the transformation of the biotites at Tazzeka.''Adaptive radiation theory predicts that phenotypic traits involved in ecological performance evolve in different directions in populations subjected to divergent natural selection, resulting in the evolution of ecological diversity. This idea has largely been supported through comparative studies exploring relationships between ecological preferences and quantitative traits among different species. However, intersexual perspectives are often ignored. Indeed, although it is well established that intersexual competition and sex-specific parental and reproductive roles may often subject sex-linked phenotypes to antagonistic selection effects, most ecomorphological research has explored adaptive evolution on a single sex, or on means obtained from both sexes together. The few studies taking sexual differences into account reveal the occurrence of sex-specific ecomorphs in some clades of lizards, and conclude that the independent contribution of the sexes to the morphological diversity produced by adaptive radiation can be substantial. Here, we investigate whether microhabitat use results in the evolution of sex-specific ecomorphs across 44 Liolaemus lizard species. We found that microhabitat structure does not predict variation in body size and shape in either of the sexes. Yet, we found that males and females tend to occupy significantly different positions in multivariate morphological spaces, indicating that treating males and females as ecologically and phenotypically equivalent units may lead to incomplete or mistaken estimations of the diversity produced by adaptive evolution.''Amphibians are globally declining and approximately one-third of all species are threatened with extinction. Some of the most severe declines have occurred suddenly and for unknown reasons in apparently pristine habitats. It has been hypothesized that these enigmatic are the result of a panzootic of the disease chytridiomycosis caused by globally emerging amphibian chytrid fungus. In a Species Distribution Model, we identified the potential distribution of this pathogen. Areas and species from which rapid enigmatic decline are known significantly overlap with those of highest environmental suitability to the chytrid fungus. We confirm the plausibility of a link between rapid enigmatic decline in worldwide amphibian species and epizootic chytridiomycosis.''Coffee rust is a leaf disease caused by the fungus, Hemileia vastatrix. Coffee rust epidemics, with intensities higher than previously observed, have affected a number of countries including: Colombia, from 2008 to 2011; Central America and Mexico, in and Peru and Ecuador in 2013. There are many contributing factors to the onset of these epidemics e.g. the state of the economy, crop management decisions and the prevailing weather, and many resulting impacts e.g. on production, on and income and livelihood, and on food security. Production has been considerably reduced in Colombia (by on average during the epidemic years compared with 2007) and Central America (by in 2013 compared with and by in compared with These reductions have had direct impacts on the livelihoods of thousands of smallholders and harvesters. For these populations, particularly in Central America, coffee is often the only source of income used to buy food and supplies for the cultivation of basic grains. As a result, the coffee rust epidemic has had indirect impacts on food security. The main drivers of these epidemics are economic and meteorological. All the intense epidemics experienced during the last in Central America and Colombia were concurrent with low coffee profitability periods due to coffee price declines, as was the case in the Central American epidemic, or due to increases in input costs, as in the Colombian epidemics. Low profitability led to suboptimal coffee management, which resulted in increased plant vulnerability to pests and diseases. A common factor in the recent Colombian and Central American epidemics was a reduction in the diurnal thermal amplitude, with higher minimum/lower maximum temperatures on average during compared to a low coffee rust incidence period, in Colombia; on average in 2012 compared with prevailing climate, in 1224 farms from Guatemala). This likely decreased the latency period of the disease. These epidemics should be considered as a warning for the future, as they were enhanced by weather conditions consistent with climate change. Appropriate actions need to be taken in the near future to address this issue including: the development and establishment of resistant coffee cultivars; the creation of early warning systems; the design of crop management systems adapted to climate change and to pest and disease threats; and socio-economic solutions such as training and organisational strengthening.''Soil compaction, a process that decreases the free space among soil particles and hinders the underground movement of soil organisms, is one of the increasing impacts of mankind on the ecosystems. We investigated the responses of subterranean ants to soil compaction by testing the following predictions: (i) soil from a trail is more compressed, leading to (ii) a decrease in species richness and a selective shift in ant assemblage composition, which is made up by (iii) species with a smaller body size that can apply a greater relative strength to move through soil particles. We carried out this study in and outside of a recreational ecology trail in a forest fragment in MG, Southeastern Brazil. The compaction was higher in the soil from the trail than outside of it. No change was observed in species richness, but soil compaction promoted a shift in ant assemblage composition, with ant size decreasing with an increase in soil compaction. However, ants did not appear to apply a greater strength to soil particles for moving in habitats with a high soil compaction. Overall, organisms at superficial soil layers appeared to be sensitive to even moderate human impacts that promote a filtering of the ant assemblage species composition, with small body size being a required trait.''Morphological variation was studied in 124 accessions from 61 Passiflora L. species. Twenty-four quantitative descriptors selected for their high variation among subgenera were submitted to a principal component analysis. The first principal component (32% of total variance) was associated with flower length and secondarily with floral cup constriction, the second (27%) with flower width and bract shape, and the third (14%) with peduncle branching, stem width, and leaf length, which relates it to the differentiation of subgenera Astrophea and Deidamioides. The projection of accessions in the resulting tridimensional space consistently separates the four subgenera, as well as supersection Tacsonia of subgenus Passiflora. A neighbor joining analysis, on a selection of 32 qualitative traits and four categorized quantitative variables, clustered species according to their chromosome number and, within subgenus Passiflora, separated supersections Tacsonia (pollinated by the sword-billed hummingbird) and Distephana (pollinated by shorter-billed hummingbirds) from all other, bee-pollinated, species. Thus, the morphological study allows separating the effects of genome evolution from those of more recent and independent coevolutions concerning the pollination syndromes of supersections Tacsonia and Distephana. Within subgenus Decaloba, diverging subclusters are consistent with supersections and particular sections, with the partial exception of supersection Decaloba. Within supersection Tacsonia, subclusters correspond to one or two sections, pointing to overclassification in the current taxonomy. Among the bee-pollinated species of subgenus Passiflora, only supersection Laurifolia is clearly validated. Most of these results are consistent with molecular phylogenetic studies, except for interspecific relations among bee-pollinated species of subgenus Passiflora, which appear particularly difficult to classify.''BackgroundTrypanosoma vivax is the earliest branching African trypanosome. This crucial phylogenetic position makes T. vivax a fascinating model to tackle fundamental questions concerning the origin and evolution of several features that characterize African trypanosomes, such as the Variant Surface Glycoproteins (VSGs) upon which antibody clearing and antigenic variation are based. Other features like gene content and trans-splicing patterns are worth analyzing in this species for comparative purposes.ResultsWe present a RNA-seq analysis of the bloodstream stage of T. vivax from data obtained using two complementary sequencing technologies (454 Titanium and Illumina).Assembly of 454 reads yielded 13385 contigs corresponding to proteins coding genes (7800 of which were identified). These sequences, their annotation and other features are available through an online database presented herein. Among these sequences, about 1000 were found to be species specific and 50 exclusive of the T. vivax strain analyzed here. Expression patterns and levels were determined for VSGs and the remaining genes. Interestingly, VSG expression level, although being high, is considerably lower than in Trypanosoma brucei. Indeed, the comparison of surface protein composition between both African trypanosomes (as inferred from RNA-seq data), shows that they are substantially different, being VSG absolutely predominant in T. brucei, while in T. vivax it represents only about 55%. This raises the question concerning the protective role of VSGs in T. vivax, hence their ancestral role in immune evasion.It was also found that around 600 genes have their unique (or main) trans-splice site very close (sometimes immediately before) the start codon. Gene Ontology analysis shows that this group is enriched in proteins related to the translation machinery (e.g. ribosomal proteins, elongation factors).ConclusionsThis is the first RNA-seq data study in trypanosomes outside the model species T. brucei, hence it provides the possibility to conduct comparisons that allow drawing evolutionary and functional inferences. This analysis also provides several insights on the expression patterns and levels of protein coding sequences (such as VSG gene expression), trans-splicing, codon patterns and regulatory mechanisms. An online T. vivax RNA-seq database described herein could be a useful tool for parasitologists working with trypanosomes.''BackgroundMycorrhizal strategies are very effective in enhancing plant acquisition of poorly-mobile nutrients, particularly phosphorus (P) from infertile soil. However, on very old and severely P-impoverished soils, a carboxylate-releasing and P-mobilising cluster-root strategy is more effective at acquiring this growth-limiting resource. Carboxylates are released during a period of only a few days from ephemeral cluster roots. Despite the cluster-root strategy being superior for P acquisition in such environments, these species coexist with a wide range of mycorrhizal species, raising questions about the mechanisms contributing to their coexistence.ScopeWe surmise that the coexistence of mycorrhizal and non-mycorrhizal strategies is primarily accounted for by a combination of belowground mechanisms, namely (i) facilitation of P acquisition by mycorrhizal plants from neighbouring cluster-rooted plants, and (ii) interactions between roots, pathogens and mycorrhizal fungi, which enhance the defence against pathogens. Facilitation of nutrient acquisition by cluster-rooted plants involves carboxylate exudation, making more P available for both themselves and their mycorrhizal neighbours. Belowground nutrient exchanges between carboxylate-exuding plants and mycorrhizal N2-fixing plants appear likely, but require further experimental testing to determine their nutritional and ecological relevance. Anatomical studies of roots of cluster-rooted Proteaceae species show that they do not form a complete suberised exodermis.ConclusionsThe absence of an exodermis may well be important to rapidly release carboxylates, but likely lowers root structural defences against pathogens, particularly oomycetes. Conversely, roots of mycorrhizal plants may not be as effective at acquiring P when P availability is very low, but they are better defended against pathogens, and this superior defence likely involves mycorrhizal fungi. Taken together, we are beginning to understand how an exceptionally large number of plant species and P-acquisition strategies coexist on the most severely P-impoverished soils.''The influence of artificial illumination on upstream and downstream operations for biomass production of Tolypothrix tenuis as a basic component of a powdered cyanobacterial biofertilizer was studied. Cultures were operated semi-continuously for at harvesting frequencies of 4, 7, 10, and in two vertical plate photobioreactors of 1.5 and of light path and illuminated at two different light intensities: high and normal Biomass was separated by self-flocculation and finally processed as a dried powder. The cellular concentration and volumetric productivity were superior in photobioreactors of short light path at high light intensity, while the overall areal productivity was higher in the photobioreactor of at normal light intensity with weekly harvest frequency. The viability preservation of the dried and milled biomass was greatly enhanced by the use of halogen lamps and subsequent ionic flocculation with MgSO4 plus CaCl2. An optimum value of the retained viability index (RVI10) was maintained for while a sharp viability declination and cellular death were produced after with fluorescent tubes, which represents a relevant aspect in the commercialization step of this type of biofertilizer.''Arboreal squirrels of the Asiatic genus Callosciurus have shown high likelihood of establishment from few released animals, in particular, C. erythraeus has established wild populations in Argentina, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Japan, and The Netherlands. We report the invasion process of C. erythraeus in Argentina in the last four decades and suggest management actions for each foci. Between February 2011 and November 2014 we conducted field surveys and interviews in nine sites in central Argentina to confirm the presence of C. erythraeus, describe their history of introduction, and estimate range expansion and squirrel relative abundance. We report a two decades lag-phase until the onset of translocations of C. erythraeus within national boundaries that resulted in a constant increase of the cumulative number of releases. We confirm nine new release events between 1995 and 2012 and six new invasion foci that yields a total of 13 deliberate releases and 10 invasion foci established in rural and urban areas of Argentina. Spread rate ranged from 0.12 to An intermediate relative density of squirrels was found close to release sites except in one case. All introduction events involved squirrels translocated from the first, old invasion focus, occasionally involving illegal trade. The rate of introduction events in the last decades and the translocation-lag phase described in this study should call the attention in all countries dealing with charismatic, introduced species. Translocation disruption requires urgent attention to slow down the invasion of this and other species.''BackgroundChagas disease is a parasitic infection transmitted by (Hemiptera: Reduviidae: Triatominae) that has a huge economic impact in Latin American countries. The vector species with the upmost epidemiological importance in Ecuador are Rhodnius ecuadoriensis (Lent & Leon, 1958) and Triatoma dimidiata (Latreille, 1811). However, other species such as Panstrongylus howardi (Neiva, 1911) and Panstrongylus chinai (Del Ponte, 1929) act as secondary vectors due to their growing adaptation to domestic structures and their ability to transmit the parasite to humans. The latter two taxa are distributed in two different regions, they are allopatric and differ mainly by their general color. Their relative morphological similarity led some authors to suspect that P. chinai is a melanic form of P. howardi.MethodsThe present study explored this question using different approaches: antennal phenotype; geometric morphometrics of heads, wings and eggs; cytogenetics; molecular genetics; experimental crosses; and ecological niche modeling.ResultsThe antennal morphology, geometric morphometrics of head and wing shape and cytogenetic analysis were unable to show distinct differences between the two taxa. However, geometric morphometrics of the eggs, molecular genetics, ecological niche modeling and experimental crosses including chromosomal analyses of the F1 hybrids, in addition to their coloration and current distribution support the hypothesis that P. chinai and P. howardi are separate species.ConclusionsBased on the evidence provided here, P. howardi and P. chinai should not be synonymized. They represent two valid, closely related species.''The global urban population is increasing rapidly, but patterns of urban expansion differ greatly among countries. Urban transition theory predicts that the shift from low to high urbanization depends on a history and level of economic development. This study describes urban expansion in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia between 1992 and 2009. Urban dynamics were analyzed by combining nighttime lights and census data from 4032 municipalities. High-lit areas pixel values) were correlated with urban populations across municipalities and years Analyses showed that between 1992 and 2009 Bolivia and Ecuador had rapid population growth and rapidly increasing high-lit areas, while Peru and Colombia had lower rates of population growth and urbanization (i.e., expansion of high-lit areas). We demonstrate how nighttime lights can be a useful tool, providing a homogeneous platform for multi-scale analyses of urban growth.''Upper stratovolcano flanks contain the most nuanced depositional record of long eruption episodes, but steep, irregular terrain makes these sequences difficult to correlate and interpret. This necessitates development of a detailed and systematic approach to describing localized depositional facies and relating these to eruptive processes. In this work, the late-Holocene eruption history of Mt. Taranaki/Egmont, New Zealand, was re-assessed based on a study of proximal deposits spanning the 14C-dated age range of B.P. Mt. Taranaki is a textbook-example stratovolcano, with geological evidence pointing to sudden switches in scale, type and frequency of eruptions over its history. The proximal stratigraphy presented here almost doubles the number of eruptions recognized from previous soil-stratigraphy studies. A total of 53 lithostratigraphic bed-sets record eruptions of the summit crater and parasitic vents like Fanthams Peak (the latter between ~3.0 and B.P.). At least 12 of the eruptions represented by these bed-sets comprise deposits comparable with or thicker than those of the latest sub-Plinian eruption of AD 1655. The largest eruption episode represented is the B.P. Kokowai. Contrasting eruption styles were identified, from stable basaltic-andesite eruption columns at Fanthams Peak, to andesitic lava-dome extrusion, blasts and partial collapse of unstable eruption columns at Mt. summit. The centemetre-scale proximal deposit descriptions were used to identify several previously unknown, smaller eruption events. These details are indispensable for building a comprehensive probabilistic event record and in the development of realistic eruptive scenarios for complex eruption episodes prior to re-awakening of a volcano.''Voluntary agreements (VAs) negotiated between environmental regulators and polluters are increasingly popular in developing countries. According to proponents, they can sidestep weak institutions and other pervasive barriers to conventional mandatory regulation in such countries. Yet little is known about the drivers of their use and their effectiveness in poor countries. The considerable literature on voluntary initiatives in industrialized countries, where both VAs and socioeconomic conditions differ, may not apply. Using a conceptual framework drawn from the economics literature, we examine four prominent VAs in Colombia, a global leader in the use of this policy. We find that the main motive for using VAs has been to build capacity needed for broader environmental regulatory reform and that partly as a result, additional effect on environmental performance has been limited. These findings contrast with those from industrialized country studies, which typically conclude VAs are used as a low-cost substitute for impending mandatory regulation and have few benefits because of weak regulatory pressure. Our findings suggest that in developing countries, VAs may be best suited to capacity building, not environmental management per se.''The Paris Agreement binds all nations to undertake ambitious efforts to combat climate change, with the commitment to warming well below in global mean temperature (GMT), relative to pre-industrial levels, and to pursue efforts to limit warming to The limit constitutes an ambitious goal for which greater evidence on its benefits for health would help guide policy and potentially increase the motivation for action. Here we contribute to this gap with an assessment on the potential health benefits, in terms of reductions in temperature-related mortality, derived from the compliance to the agreed temperature targets, compared to more extreme warming scenarios. We performed a multi-region analysis in 451 locations in 23 countries with different climate zones, and evaluated changes in heat and cold-related mortality under scenarios consistent with the Paris Agreement targets (1.5 and and more extreme GMT increases (3 and and under the assumption of no changes in demographic distribution and vulnerability. Our results suggest that limiting warming below could prevent large increases in temperature-related mortality in most regions worldwide. The comparison between 1.5 and is more complex and characterized by higher uncertainty, with geographical differences that indicate potential benefits limited to areas located in warmer climates, where direct climate change impacts will be more discernible.''The aim of this work was to study the early influence of conventional tillage (CT) and no-tillage (NT) on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) propagules. A short 2-year-course crop rotation, i.e. trial consisting of a succession of wheat and oat, was studied in a typic Chilean Ultisol from the second to fourth year after the beginning of the experiment. Measurements included mycorrhizal characteristics and some soil properties in order to explain their influence on AMF propagules. Soil samples were taken yearly in autumn (fallow period) and in early spring (flowering). Significant differences in AMF hyphal length were observed between NT and CT in the first year, but such differences disappeared thereafter. No differences in metabolically active hyphae were obtained with wheat or oat under the two tillage systems. Mycorrhizal root colonization was always higher under NT than under CT. The number of AMF spores was also higher under NT than under CT, ranging from 158 to 641 spores per Twenty-two AMF species including eight Glomus spp., six Acaulospora spp., four Scutellospora spp., one Archaeospora sp., one Diversispora sp., one Entrophospora sp. and one Pacispora sp. were observed in both agro-ecosystems. Higher spore number of Acaulospora spp. was found under wheat than under oat and under CT than under NT, whilst more spores of Scutellospora spp. were observed under NT than under CT. From all mycorrhizal characteristics, spore number could be visualized as an early and useful indicator of the effect of tillage systems on mycorrhizal propagules in short-term experiments.''Foraging behavior may show considerable variation among population as sex and breeding can be consequence of the specific constraints and roles. In raptors, differential parental roles related to foraging have been the main explanation for males being smaller than females, as smaller males have been described to be more efficient foragers. During one phase of breeding, only males forage, requiring them to feed themselves, females and young. This is expected to induce changes in foraging behavior of breeders compared to non-breeders. By comparing prey taken by floaters and breeders of Harpy Eagles (Harpia harpyja), we describe some effects of breeding and sex on the diet. Here we show that diet traits differed between male and female floaters, and between floaters and breeders. Juvenile prey was three times more common in the diet of males than that of females. Sloths were more common prey among females than among males (53 vs. 37%). Males preyed four times more on terrestrial animals than did females, and showed a greater niche width than females (6.0 vs. 3.4). The prey of breeders was smaller than that of non-breeders (on average 3.64 vs. Non-breeders had a larger niche width than breeders. Our data provide support for the hypothesis of parental role differentiation as an explanation for reversed sexual size dimorphism in raptors.''Soil microbial communities are an important component of biological diversity and terrestrial ecosystems which is responsible for processes such as decomposition, mineralization of nutrients, and accumulation of organic matter. One of the factors that provide information on the mechanisms regulating biodiversity is spatial scaling. We characterized the microbial communities using 16S rRNA gene sequences from DNA isolated from halite at various locations and correlated these to geographic distance in the Uyuni salt flat (Bolivia). Sequences from each site were analyzed to determine any spatial patterns of diversity, as well as to describe the microbial communities. Results suggest that different taxa are able to disperse over surface crust regardless of distance. As expected, ubiquitous taxa included members of Halobacteriaceae such as Haloarcula, Halorubrum, Halorhabdus, Halolamina, and halophilic bacteria Salinibacter, Halorhodospira, and unclassified members of the Gammaproteobacteria. Archaeal communities were homogeneous across the salt flat. In contrast, bacterial communities present strong local variations which could be attributed to external factors. Likely sources for these variations are the Rio Grande river influent in the south shore and the Tunupa volcano influencing the northern area.''A sound understanding of crop history can provide the basis for deriving novel genetic information through admixture mapping. We confirmed this, by using characterization data from an international collection of cocoa, collected ago, and from a contemporary plantation. We focus on the trees derived from three centuries of admixture between Meso-American Criollo and South American Forastero genomes. In both cacao sets of individuals, linkage disequilibrium extended over long genetic distances along chromosome regions, as expected in populations derived from recent admixture. Based on loose genome scans, genomic regions involved in useful traits were identified. Fifteen genomic regions involved in seed and fruit weight variation were highlighted. They correspond to ten previously identified QTLs and five novel ones. Admixture mapping can help to add value to genetic resources and thus, help to encourage investment in their conservation.''BackgroundLeishmaniases are parasitic vector-borne diseases affecting more than 12 million people in 98 countries. In Colombia, leishmaniasis is widespread and the most common clinical manifestation is cutaneous, mainly caused by L. panamensis and L. braziliensis. Currently, the genetic diversity of these species in Colombia is unknown. To address this, we applied molecular techniques for their characterization, using multilocus sequence typing (MLST) to explore the genetic variability and phylodynamics of the disease.MethodsSeven previously described genetic markers were selected highlighting the implementation of a mitochondrial marker. Markers were applied to 163 samples from isolates obtained between 1980 and 2001.ResultsThe identification of the samples showed an excellent correlation with typing tests previously applied (MLEE, monoclonal antibodies). Isolates of L. braziliensis showed greater genetic diversity than L. panamensis, and a greater number of diploid sequence types (DSTs). In addition, the geographical distribution of DSTs for each species were obtained through georeferencing maps.ConclusionsTo our knowldge, this study represents the first description of the genetic variability of L. panamensis in Colombia and South America, and is the first to propose a scheme of MLST for epidemiological surveillance of leishmaniasis in the country.''Long-term soil age gradients are useful model systems to study how changes in nutrient limitation shape communities of plant root mutualists because they represent strong natural gradients of nutrient availability, particularly of nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P). Here, we investigated changes in the dinitrogen (N2)-fixing bacterial community composition and diversity in nodules of a single host legume (Acacia rostellifera) across the Jurien Bay chronosequence, a retrogressive 2 million-year-old sequence of coastal dunes representing an exceptionally strong natural soil fertility gradient. We collected nodules from plants grown in soils from five chronosequence stages ranging from very young (10s of years; associated with strong N limitation for plant growth) to very old associated with strong P limitation), and sequenced the nifH gene in root nodules to determine the composition and diversity of N2-fixing bacterial symbionts. A total of 335 unique nifH gene operational taxonomic units (OTUs) were identified. Community composition of N2-fixing bacteria within nodules, but not diversity, changed with increasing soil age. These changes were attributed to pedogenesis-driven shifts in edaphic conditions, specifically pH, exchangeable manganese, resin-extractable phosphate, nitrate and nitrification rate. A large number of common N2-fixing bacteria genera (e.g. Bradyrhizobium, Ensifer, Mesorhizobium and Rhizobium) belonging to the Rhizobiaceae family comprised 70% of all raw sequences and were present in all nodules. However, the oldest soils, which show some of the lowest soil P availability ever recorded, harboured the largest proportion of unclassified OTUs, suggesting a unique set of N2-fixing bacteria adapted to extreme P limitation. Our results show that N2-fixing bacterial composition varies strongly during long-term ecosystem development, even within the same host, and therefore rhizobia show strong edaphic preferences.''BackgroundAntarctica is surrounded by the Antarctic Circumpolar Current (ACC), the largest and strongest current in the world. Despite its potential importance for shaping biogeographical patterns, the distribution and connectivity of deep-sea populations across the ACC remain poorly understood. In this study we conducted the first assessment of phylogeographical patterns in deep-sea octocorals in the South Pacific and Southern Ocean, specifically a group of closely related bottlebrush octocorals (Primnoidae: Tokoprymno and Thourella), as a test case to study the effect of the ACC on the population structure of brooding species. We assessed the degree to which the ACC constitutes a barrier to gene flow between northern and southern populations and whether the onset of diversification of these corals coincides with the origin of the ACC (Oligocene-Miocene boundary).ResultsBased on DNA sequences of two nuclear genes from 80 individuals and a combination of phylogeographic model-testing approaches we found a phylogenetic break corresponding to the spatial occurrence of the ACC. We also found significant genetic structure among our four regional populations. However, we uncovered shared haplotypes among certain population pairs, suggesting long-distance, asymmetrical migration. Our divergence time analyses indicated that the separation of amphi-ACC populations took place during the Middle Miocene around 12.6 million years ago, i.e., after the formation of the ACC.ConclusionWe suggest that the ACC constitutes a semi-permeable barrier to these deep-sea octocorals capable of separating and structuring populations, while allowing short periods of gene flow. The fluctuations in latitudinal positioning of the ACC during the Miocene likely contributed to the diversification of these octocorals. Additionally, we provide evidence that the populations from each of our four sampling regions could actually constitute different species.''Aquatic biodiversity is commonly linked with environmental variation in lake networks, but less is known about how local factors may influence within-lake biological heterogeneity. Using a combined ecological and multi-proxy palaeoecological approach we investigated long-term changes in the pathways and processes that underlie eutrophication and water depth effects on lake macrophyte and invertebrate communities across three basins in a shallow Lough, Northern Ireland, UK. Contemporary data allow us to assess how macrophyte assemblages vary in composition and heterogeneity according to basin-specific factors (e.g. variation in water depth), while palaeoecological data (macrophytes and co-occurring invertebrates) enable us to infer basin-specific impacts and susceptibilities to nutrient-enrichment. Results indicate that variability in water depth promotes assemblage variation amongst the lake basins, stimulating within-lake macrophyte assemblage heterogeneity and hence higher lake biodiversity. The palaeo-data indicate that eutrophication has acted as a strong homogenising agent of macrophyte and invertebrate diversities and abundances over time at the whole-lake scale. This novel finding strongly suggests that, as eutrophication advances, the influence of water depth on community heterogeneity is gradually eroded and that ultimately a limited set of eutrophication-tolerant species will become homogeneously distributed across the entire lake.''Yeast populations in the Shark River Slough of the Florida Everglades, USA, were examined during a 3-year period at six locations ranging from fresh water marshes to marine mangroves. Seventy-four described species (33 ascomycetes and 41 basidiomycetes) and an approximately equal number of undescribed species were isolated during the course of the investigation. Serious human pathogens, such as Candida tropicalis, were not observed, which indicates that their presence in coastal waters is due to sources of pollution. Some of the observed species were widespread throughout the fresh water and marine habitats, whereas others appeared to be habitat restricted. Species occurrence ranged from prevalent to rare. Five representative unknown species were selected for formal description. The five species comprise two ascomycetes: Candida sharkiensis sp. nov. (CBS 11368T) and Candida rhizophoriensis sp. nov. (CBS 11402T) (Saccharomycetales, Metschnikowiaceae), and three basidiomycetes: sp. nov. (CBS 10878T) in the Sakaguchia clade (Cystobasidiomycetes), Rhodotorula evergladiensis sp. nov. (CBS 10880T) in the Rhodosporidium toruloides clade (Microbotryomycetes, Sporidiobolales) and Cryptococcus mangaliensis sp. nov. (CBS 10870T) in the Bulleromyces clade (Agaricomycotina, Tremellales).''In this study, I revise three aspects of the socioecology of woolly monkeys (genus Lagothrix) that might give us a better understanding of the patterns found in this species: (1) the association between temporal variation in fruit abundance and diet, activity, and ranging patterns; (2) the individual trade-offs associated with living in small or large groups, and (3) the relationship between social dominance and foraging success. Using behavioral and ecological data collected during in Tinigua Park, Colombia, I found that woolly monkeys tend to avoid open-degraded forests, where fruit production is generally lower than it is in mature forests. Diet and activity budgets were highly associated with temporal patterns of fruit production. Daily path length was positively correlated with group size and monthly fruit abundance, and negatively correlated with habitat quality. I found differences in activity budgets and the diet preferences of different age/sex classes. For example, adult males rest more and juveniles play more than other classes. Juveniles and adult females without infants look for arthropods more often than adult males and females with young infants, who showed the highest frequencies of fruit feeding. Dominant adult males were not consistently the most efficient foragers on fruits according to two different indexes. Most of these results are consistent with the expectations from strong intra-group competition for resources. However, females with infants received benefits during feeding similar to those of dominant adult males, which may be mediated by differential aggression from males to other group members (juveniles and females without infants).''Amphibian declines worldwide have been linked to the fungal disease chytridiomycosis. Its causative agent (Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis, hereafter Bd), however, also infects many nondeclining species. Experimental infections have shown species-specific and temperature-dependent frog responses to Bd infection. Although Bd infection may be eliminated by housing amphibians at temperatures above those tolerated by the fungus, the question of whether frogs can eliminate infection under more favorable conditions remains unanswered. Repeated diagnostics using real-time polymerase chain reaction assays of postmetamorphic individuals at 28, 38, 45, 53, and after exposure demonstrated that Hypsiboas crepitans is able to clear infection within a few weeks at Thus, we demonstrate a temperature-independent and likely immunological mechanism for the clearance of Bd in a resistant amphibian species. Future studies are needed to determine the generality of this mechanism among amphibians and to describe the immune factors affecting different outcomes of Bd exposure including resistance to infection, tolerance of infection, and clearance of infection.''Considering the importance of acidic conditions and Al toxicity in arable soils of Chile, 2 field experiments were conducted in the 2005-06 and 2006-07 growing seasons in Valdivia Chile in an Andisol. The objective of this experiment was to quantitatively evaluate the effect of different soil exchangeable Al levels on grain yield, and above-ground and root biomass of Al-tolerant and Al-sensitive wheat cultivars under field conditions. Treatments were a factorial arrangement of: i) two spring wheat cultivars (Al-sensitive, Domo.INIA and Al-tolerant, Dalcahue.INIA) and ii) five exchangeable Al levels The experimental design consisted of a randomized complete block design with three replicates. At harvest, grain yield, grain number, thousand grain weight and above-ground biomass were recorded. At the same time, root samples were taken with the pinboard monolith method. Afterwards root biomass, root length density and specific root length were measured. Both above-ground and below-ground traits showed a wide range of values (e.g., between 10 to and between 8 to for above-ground and root biomass, respectively) under the soil Al concentrations used in this study. Al tolerant and Al sensitive cultivars showed different sensitivities to Al toxicity. Interestingly, linear associations were found between grain yield or above-ground biomass and soil Al concentration in Al-sensitive and respectively) and Al-tolerant and respectively) cultivars. Soil Al concentration was found to have a much lower effect on the harvest index. A close, and unique, association was found for both cultivars between grain yield and above-ground biomass Root biomass also showed a linear relationship with soil Al concentrations in both Al-sensitive and Al-tolerant cultivars. Root traits showed good relationships with both grain yield and above-ground biomass.''Infanticide is considered a conspicuous expression of sexual conflict amongst mammals, including at least 35 primate species. Here we describe two suspected and one attempted case of intragroup infanticide in spider monkeys that augment five prior cases of observed or suspected infanticide in this genus. Contrary to the typical pattern of infanticide seen in most primate societies, where infants are killed by conspecifics independent of their sex, all eight cases of observed or suspected infanticide in spider monkeys have been directed toward male infants within their first weeks of life. Moreover, although data are still scant, infanticides seem to be perpetrated exclusively by adult males against infants from their own social groups and are not associated with male takeovers or a sudden rise in male dominance rank. Although the slow reproductive cycles of spider monkeys might favor the presence of infanticide because of the potential to shorten interbirth intervals, infanticide is nonetheless uncommon among spider monkeys, and patterns of male-directed infanticide are not yet understood. We suggest that given the potentially close genetic relationships among adult males within spider monkey groups, and the need for males to cooperate with one another in territorial interactions with other groups of related males, infanticide may be expected to occur primarily where the level of intragroup competition among males outweighs that of competition between social groups. Finally, we suggest that infanticide in spider monkeys may be more prevalent than previously thought, given that it may be difficult for observers to witness cases of infanticide or suspected infanticide that occur soon after birth in taxa that are characterized by high levels of dynamics. Early, undetected, male-biased infanticide could influence the composition of spider monkey groups and contribute to the female-biased adult sex ratios often reported for this genus.''Arcellinida (lobose testate amoebae) preserve well in lake sediments and have shown great potential as palaeolimnological indicators, but a limited understanding of their ecology prevents more in-depth interpretations of both contemporary and fossil assemblages. Loch Leven, Scotland, has a well-documented history of nutrient-enrichment and associated lake biological change, creating a temporal gradient along which testate amoeba ecology can be investigated. Plant macrofossil data from a dated sediment core (LEVE14) indicate that a transition from oligo-mesotrophic to eutrophic conditions occurred over at least the last enabling direct comparisons to be drawn with fossil testate amoeba assemblages from the same core. Cluster analysis and principal components analysis show that testate amoebae and macrophytes responded synchronously to an early phase of nutrient-enrichment after 1200, and to anthropogenic water-level lowering and further enrichment after ca. AD 1830. The results of indicator species analysis (IndVal) support the suggestion inferred previously that Cucurbitella tricuspis is an indicator of nutrient-enrichment, while the association of some less abundant taxa, specifically Difflugia amphora and Mediolus corona, with eutrophic environments is also corroborated. Overall, the testate amoeba assemblage response appears to reflect a complex interaction of factors which were ultimately driven by eutrophication. These include variations in microhabitat associated with changing plant structure and sedimentary conditions influenced by macrophyte community succession. In particular, a shift from an oligo-mesotrophic macrophyte assemblage composed of isoetid plants to one dominated by Potamogeton spp. and dense stands of Characeae is suggested to influence the relative proportions of sediment dwelling and plant-associated testate amoebae. The results highlight the utility of testate amoebae as benthic indicators of lake nutrient-enrichment and demonstrate the value of using multi-proxy palaeolimnological data to refine the ecology of lesser-studied palaeoecological groups.'