Title: 'Landscape scale habitat suitability modelling of bats in the Western Ghats of India: Bats like something in their tea'
Author: 'Claire F.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006320715300562
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2First study of bats in tea plantations, first fine scale tropical bat HSM.\xe2\x80\xa2Many bats live in tea dominated landscapes if there is adequate native tree cover.\xe2\x80\xa2Shade coffee with native trees can be suitable even for some forest specialist bats.\xe2\x80\xa2Replanting even small forest patches will help bats, including forest specialists.\xe2\x80\xa2Riparian areas are important for all species not just riparian specialists.AbstractTo conserve biodiversity it is imperative that we understand how different species respond to land use change, and determine the scales at which habitat changes affect species' persistence. We used habitat suitability models (HSMs) at spatial scales from 100\xe2\x80\x934000\xc2\xa0m to address these concerns for bats in the Western Ghats of India, a biodiversity hotspot of global importance where the habitat requirements of bats are poorly understood. We used acoustic and capture data to build fine scale HSMs for ten species (Hesperoptenus tickelli, Miniopterus fuliginosus, Miniopterus pusillus, Myotis horsfieldii, Pipistrellus ceylonicus, Megaderma spasma, Hipposideros pomona, Rhinolophus beddomei, Rhinolophus indorouxii and Rhinolophus lepidus) in a tea-dominated landscape. Small (100\xe2\x80\x93500\xc2\xa0m) scale habitat variables (e.g. percentage tea plantation cover) and distances to habitat features (e.g. distance to water) were the strongest predictors of bat occurrence, likely due to their high mobility, which enables them to exploit even small or isolated foraging areas. Most species showed a positive response to coffee plantations grown under native shade and to forest fragments, but a negative response to more heavily modified tea plantations. Two species were never recorded in tea plantations. This is the first study of bats in tea plantations globally, and the first ecological Old World bat study to combine acoustic and capture data. Our results suggest that although bats respond negatively to tea plantations, tea-dominated landscapes that also contain forest fragments and shade coffee can nevertheless support many bat species."

Title: 'Original research articleFrom intent to action: A case study for the expansion of tiger conservation from southern India'
Author: 'Sanjay'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416301019
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2To conserve the tiger it is critical to enable the persistence of the species across larger landscapes.\xe2\x80\xa2Establishing protected areas for tiger recovery remains one of the means of landscape approach.\xe2\x80\xa2While the gazetting of protected areas is necessary to enable this, it is not sufficient.\xe2\x80\xa2It is essential to benchmark and monitor the process that enable the recovery of tigers.AbstractTo conserve a large, wide-ranging carnivore like the tiger, it is critical not only to maintain populations at key habitat sites, but also to enable the persistence of the species across much larger landscapes. To do this, it is important to establish well-linked habitat networks where sites for survival and reproduction of tigers are complemented by opportunities for dispersal and colonization. On the ground, expanding protection to areas with a potential for tiger recovery still remains the means of operationalizing the landscape approach. Yet, while the gazetting of protected areas is necessary to enable this, it is not sufficient. It is essential to benchmark and monitor the process by which establishment of protected areas must necessarily be followed by management changes that enable a recovery of tigers, their prey and their habitats. In this paper, we report a case study from the Cauvery and Malai Mahadeshwara Hills Wildlife Sanctuaries of southern India, where we document the infrastructural and institutional changes that ensued after an unprecedented expansion of protected areas in this landscape. Further, we establish ecological benchmarks of the abundance and distribution of tigers, the relative abundance of their prey, and the status of their habitats, against which the recovery of tigers in this area of vast conservation potential may be assessed over time.'

Title: 'Research PaperStimulus of developmental projects to landscape dynamics in Uttara Kannada, Central Western Ghats'
Author: 'T.V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110982316300400
Abstract: 'AbstractUnplanned large scale developmental projects in recent times have been causing alterations in land use land cover [LULC] at spatial and temporal scales with the substantial changes in the landscape. Uttara Kannada district has the distinction of having highest forest cover in India. Forest ecosystems in the district have witnessed major transformations due to industrialization during the post-independence. Impact of developmental activities during the post-independence era, is evident from barren hill tops due to deforestation. The analysis of temporal spatial data acquired through space borne sensors highlights the decline of evergreen-semi evergreen forest cover from 67.73% (1973) to 32.08% (2013). The ad-hoc approaches adopted in the implementation of developmental projects in the ecologically sensitive regions has impaired the ecosystem services affecting the people\xe2\x80\x99s livelihood. The changes in the landscape structure with LULC changes have altered the functional abilities of an ecosystem evident from lowered hydrological yield, disappearing perennial streams, higher instances of human\xe2\x80\x93animal conflicts, declined ecosystem goods, etc. About 64355\xc2\xa0Ha of forest land is diverted for various non-forestry activities during the last four decades by the government apart from encroachment of 7072\xc2\xa0Ha of forest area for agriculture, horticulture activities, etc. Encroachment of forest land has resulted in the land degradation leading to reduced productivity. Alterations in bio-geo chemical and hydrological cycles have necessitated the restoration of native forests in the region to ensure water and food security, and livelihood of the local people. Monitoring and visualization of landscape dynamics helps in evolving appropriate management strategies. LULC dynamics analyses considering agents (developmental projects) through fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (AHP) integrated with Markov cellular automata (CA) indicate the developmental projects such as West Coast Paper Mill (WCPM) and Kaiga Nuclear Power House (KNPH) will lead to further fragmentation of forests with spurt in urbanization by 2022. This necessitates framing appropriate policy measures to sustain natural resources focusing on the landscape\xe2\x80\x99s ecological, hydrological, economic and social factors.'

Title: 'Reproductive phenology of endemic understorey assemblage in a wet forest of the Western Ghats, south India'
Author: 'Rani M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0367253004701255
Abstract: 'SummaryThe reproductive phenology of 60 understorey species, including 27 endemic and 33 non-endemic species, was monitored at monthly intervals for 20 months in a mid-elevation wet forest in the Southern Western Ghats. Narrow endemic species constituted 55% of the total endemic species studied. Peak flowering was observed during the dry and post-monsoon seasons for the endemic species, while the non-endemic species flowered during the dry season. Fruiting peak was observed in the dry season for endemic species and during monsoon for non-endemics. The flowering and fruiting pattern in narrow and broad endemic species was uniform. The implications of the result for conservation are discussed.'

Title: 'Original Article/ResearchEcological integrity and environmental protection for Vijayawada region \xe2\x80\x93 Scattered Eastern Ghats'
Author: 'Srikonda'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212609015000102
Abstract: 'AbstractThe ecological integrity is widely discussed as a new concept by several ecologists and environmentalists. A consensus in this regard is yet to be derived for its definition. Human intervention for its developmental activities results in several environmental changes that enhance some species, ecosystem and ecological processes while at the same time brings irrecoverable damage to the Planet Earth. It is essential and crucial to focus research and scientific analysis and establish awareness and education to provide a means of distinguishing responses between improvements in quality of ecosystem and those of damages. The focus of this paper is to emphasize the organized urban planning at a macro level and the architectural design interventions at the micro level in Vijayawada where eco \xe2\x80\x93 sensitivity exists with due consideration to ecological integrity and environmental protection. The ecological dynamics of continuity indicated that hillocks of Vijayawada region are a part of Eastern Ghats. The study is to elaborate that the landscape, eco-patches and its connectivity establishes a unique corridor to strengthen ecological system and as a green corridor to Vijayawada city to fulfill the demands of the city and also to create the ecological patch connectivity to scattered Eastern Ghats especially in the Krishna-Guntur region which connects the Nallamala hills through Kondapalli hill toward Sothern side and to the Papikondalu at the northern side of Eastern Ghats. These corridors may even support environmental conservation and provides rural edge in urban context and functions as lung spaces to ease the heat island effect of urban settlement. So the explicit development controls have been derived to guide and organize at micro level so as to achieve the macro level considerations of ecological integrity.'

Title: 'Bats in the Ghats: Agricultural intensification reduces functional diversity and increases trait filtering in a biodiversity hotspot in India'
Author: 'Claire F.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006320717305566
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Bat functional diversity was similar in shade coffee to protected forests.\xe2\x80\xa2Bat functional diversity was similar in forest fragments to protected forests.\xe2\x80\xa2Tea plantations retain far less bat functional diversity than shade grown coffee.\xe2\x80\xa2Large bats and bats with short, broad wings were filtered out in modified habitats.\xe2\x80\xa2Riparian corridors help retain bat functional diversity in a modified landscape.AbstractThe responses of bats to land-use change have been extensively studied in temperate zones and the neotropics, but little is known from the palaeotropics. Effective conservation in heavily-populated palaeotropical hotspots requires a better understanding of which bats can and cannot survive in human-modified landscapes. We used catching and acoustic transects to examine bat assemblages in the Western Ghats of India, and identify the species most sensitive to agricultural change. We quantified functional diversity and trait filtering of assemblages in forest fragments, tea and coffee plantations, and along rivers in tea plantations with and without forested corridors, compared to protected forests.Functional diversity in forest fragments and shade-grown coffee was similar to that in protected forests, but was far lower in tea plantations. Trait filtering was also strongest in tea plantations. Forested river corridors in tea plantations mitigated much of the loss of functional diversity and the trait filtering seen on rivers in tea plantations without forested corridors. The bats most vulnerable to intensive agriculture were frugivorous, large, had short broad wings, or made constant frequency echolocation calls. The last three features are characteristic of forest animal-eating species that typically take large prey, often by gleaning.Ongoing conservation work to restore forest fragments and retain native trees in coffee plantations should be highly beneficial for bats in this landscape. The maintenance of a mosaic landscape with sufficient patches of forest, shade-grown coffee and riparian corridors will help to maintain landscape wide functional diversity in an area dominated by tea plantations.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (218KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Review ArticleConservation status of some endangered mammals in Barak Valley, Northeast India'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X18300542
Abstract: 'AbstractFrom the ancient time, the Northeast part of India is rich in biodiversity because of its diverse topographic, climatic features. Different varieties of mammalian, avian, and herpetofauna are endemic to this region. Unfortunately, life of this diverse flora and fauna is in jeopardy due to serious anthropogenic pressure. Once a large number of globally important species sustained in the Barak Valley. However, with the increasing population and subsequent demand on natural resources and developing activities, many of the species are no more found in the valley. If the conservation action is not initiated, the remaining species will also vanish with time. This article highlights the distribution and conservation problems of four endangered species in the Barak Valley of Assam, India and recommended conservation tactics.'

Title: 'Tidal intrusion within a mega delta: An unstructured grid modelling approach'
Author: 'Lucy M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0272771416303791
Abstract: "AbstractThe finite volume community ocean model (FVCOM) has been applied to the Ganges-Brahmaputra-Meghna (GBM) delta in the northern part of the Bay of Bengal in order to simulate tidal hydrodynamics and freshwater flow in a complex river system. The delta region is data-poor in observations of both bathymetry and water level; making it a challenge for accurate hydrodynamic models be configured for and validated in this area. This is the first 3D baroclinic model covering the whole GBM delta from deep water beyond the shelf break to 250\xc2\xa0km inland, the limit of tidal penetration.This paper examines what controls tidal penetration from the open coast into an intricate system of river channels. A modelling approach is used to improve understanding of the hydrodynamics of the GBM delta system. Tidal penetration is controlled by a combination of bathymetry, channel geometry, bottom friction, and river flow. The simulated tides must be validated before this delta model is used further to investigate baroclinic processes, river salinity and future change in this area. The performance of FVCOM tidal model configuration is evaluated at a range of sites in order to assess its ability to capture water levels which vary over both a tidal and seasonal cycle.FVCOM is seen to capture the leading tidal constituents well at coastal tide gauge stations, with small root-mean-squared errors of 10\xc2\xa0cm on average. Inland, the model compares favourably with twice daily observed water levels at thirteen stations where it is able to capture both tidal and annual timescales in the estuarine system. When the river discharge is particularly strong, the tidal range can be reduced as the tide and river are in direct competition.The bathymetry is found to be the most influential control on water levels within the delta, though tidal penetration can be significantly affected by the model's bottom roughness, and the inclusion of large river discharge. We discuss the generic problem of implementing a model in a data-poor region and the challenge of validating a hydrodynamic model from the open coast to narrow river channels."

Title: 'Original articleInsecticidal compound isolated from Syzygium lineare Wall. (Myrtaceae) against Spodoptera litura (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae)'
Author: 'Alagarmalai'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319562X11000040
Abstract: 'AbstractA new crystal compound 2,5-diacetoxy-2-benzyl-4,4,6,6-tetramethyl-1,3-cyclohexanedione was isolated from the leaves of Syzygium lineare. The insecticidal activity of the compound was assessed against fourth instar larvae of Spodoptera litura. Its activity was better than the positive control azadirachtin. The compound was responsible for growth inhibition on S. litura. It induced larval, pupal and adult deformities even at low concentration. The compound may be useful as a botanical pesticide.'

Title: 'RETRACTED: Marine actinobacterial metabolites: Current status and future perspectives'
Author: 'Panchanathan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0944501313000177
Abstract: 'This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal (https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal).This article has been retracted at the request of the Editor. Authors and Editor agreed to retract this article because substantial parts of the text were copied from the following sources without proper attribution: Lam, K.S. (2006), Discovery of novel metabolites from marine actinomycetes. Current Opinion in Microbiology 9(3), pp. 245\xe2\x80\x93251; Subramani, R., Aalbersberg, W. (2012), Marine actinomycetes: An ongoing source of novel bioactive metabolites. Microbiological Research 167(10), pp. 571\xe2\x80\x93580; Dharmaraj, S. (2010), Marine Streptomyces as a novel source of bioactive substances. World Journal of Microbiology and Biotechnology 26(12), pp. 2123\xe2\x80\x932139. The authors apologize for this oversight and any inconvenience caused.'

Title: 'WORLD MEDICAL GUIDE'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/B9780323040501500274
Abstract: Abstract not available

