Title: 'Full-length ArticleA new hybrid optimization method inspired from swarm intelligence: Fuzzy adaptive swallow swarm optimization algorithm (FASSO)'
Author: 'Mehdi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110866515000390
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this article, the objective was to present effective and optimal strategies aimed at improving the Swallow Swarm Optimization (SSO) method. The SSO is one of the best optimization methods based on swarm intelligence which is inspired by the intelligent behaviors of swallows. It has been able to offer a relatively strong method for solving optimization problems. However, despite its many advantages, the SSO suffers from two shortcomings. Firstly, particles movement speed is not controlled satisfactorily during the search due to the lack of an inertia weight. Secondly, the variables of the acceleration coefficient are not able to strike a balance between the local and the global searches because they are not sufficiently flexible in complex environments. Therefore, the SSO algorithm does not provide adequate results when it searches in functions such as the Step or Quadric function. Hence, the fuzzy adaptive Swallow Swarm Optimization (FASSO) method was introduced to deal with these problems. Meanwhile, results enjoy high accuracy which are obtained by using an adaptive inertia weight and through combining two fuzzy logic systems to accurately calculate the acceleration coefficients. High speed of convergence, avoidance from falling into local extremum, and high level of error tolerance are the advantages of proposed method. The FASSO was compared with eleven of the best PSO methods and SSO in 18 benchmark functions. Finally, significant results were obtained.'

Title: 'A Survey on Swarm Robotic Modeling, Analysis and Hardware Architecture'
Author: 'Seeja'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918310056
Abstract: 'AbstractThe present paper studies, the progress in the research of nature inspired swarm robotics. Swarm robotics is a robotic technology inspired from the nature (natural swarms). In this, an artificial intelligence aided coordination approach is used for the self-organization and decentralization of multiple robots. Being a promising centralized approach with fault tolerance, redundancy and scalability potentials, they can even work when it is technically infeasible to set up the infrastructure required to control the robots in a centralized way. But the design of individual robot level practice to achieve a desired collective behavior is really difficult as it is hard to predict the simultaneous interactions between large numbers of individual robots. In order to explore the possibilities to make a better progress in this technology, the existing modeling, analysis methods and the challenges has to be studied first. Followed by this, a study on swarm communication and the hardware units including sensors and actuators was done. Further the existing swarm platforms are compared based on hardware detailing, advantages and limitations. This comparative study can pay way to a better design of a multi-robot system for the applications like rescue operation, surveillance, oil spills, military applications etc.'

Title: 'Algorithmic requirements for swarm intelligence in differently coupled collective systems'
Author: 'J\xc3\xbcrgen'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960077913000210
Abstract: 'AbstractSwarm systems are based on intermediate connectivity between individuals and dynamic neighborhoods. In natural swarms self-organizing principles bring their agents to that favorable level of connectivity. They serve as interesting sources of inspiration for control algorithms in swarm robotics on the one hand, and in modular robotics on the other hand. In this paper we demonstrate and compare a set of bio-inspired algorithms that are used to control the collective behavior of swarms and modular systems: BEECLUST, AHHS (hormone controllers), FGRN (fractal genetic regulatory networks), and VE (virtual embryogenesis). We demonstrate how such bio-inspired control paradigms bring their host systems to a level of intermediate connectivity, what delivers sufficient robustness to these systems for collective decentralized control. In parallel, these algorithms allow sufficient volatility of shared information within these systems to help preventing local optima and deadlock situations, this way keeping those systems flexible and adaptive in dynamic non-deterministic environments.'

Title: 'Particle Swarms in Optimization and Control'
Author: 'Jelmer'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1474667016397579
Abstract: 'AbstractIn the last decennium, particle swarms have received considerable attention in the fields of optimization and control. Inspired by swarms of social animals, such as birds, fish, and termites, simple behavior on the local level has been shown to result in useful complex behavior on the global level. Particle Swarm Optimization has proven to be a very powerful optimization heuristic, and swarm aggregation based on artificial potential fields enjoys a growing interest for controlling particles in a swarm. Especially the flexibility, scalability, and robustness to errors on a local level are intrinsic properties of swarms that have attracted the interest of researchers in applying swarm technology to various problems. In this contribution, we present an overview of the application of particle swarms for optimization and control of swarm aggregation.'

Title: 'EC-STCRA: Energy Conserved \xe2\x80\x93 Supervised Termite Colony based Role Assignment scheme for Wireless Sensor Networks\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'P.L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050915020566
Abstract: 'AbstractConserving energy and ensuring security are the main challenges of Wireless sensor Networks (WSNs). Energy at the sensors must be preserved to increase the lifetime of the network. Clustering helps in reducing the number of transmissions between the Cluster Head (CH) and the Base Station (BS). In this paper, an Energy Conserved - Supervised Termite Colony based Role Assignment (EC-STCRA) scheme is proposed to conserve energy. The network is trained to provide better performance by incorporating efficient clustering, routing and security schemes. The CHs are randomly selected, and the soldier and the worker nodes are appointed based on their location and Residual Energy (RE). Efficient paths to the BS are found by selecting the worker nodes with high RE. The soldiers protect the network from attacks like Denial of Service (DoS), flooding and spoofing by maintaining an Active List (AL) of reliable nodes along with a Warning List (WL) and a Dead List (DL) of malicious nodes. EC-STCRA outperforms the existing Genetic algorithm (GA) and Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) based clustering and routing schemes in terms of Packet Delivery Ratio (PDR), Packet Loss Ratio (PLR), throughput, delay, Residual Energy (RE) and network lifetime.'

Title: 'BflyBot: Mobile robotic platform for implementing Butterfly mating phenomenon'
Author: 'Chakravarthi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2405896318302507
Abstract: 'AbstractThe diversified ecology in the nature had various forms of swarm behaviors in many species. The butterfly species is one of the prominent and a bit insight in their random flights and convert that into artificial metaphor would leads to enormous possibilities. This paper considers one such metaphor known as Butterfly Mating Optimization (BMO). In BMO, the Bfly follows the patrolling mating phenomena and simultaneously capture all the local optima of multimodal functions. This paper studied the various steps involved in the BMO and envisaged to apply on multi mobile-robots termed as BflyBots, to detect a light source in the workspace and sequentially presents embedded part and experimental results of BflyBot which could sense the light intensity using LDR\xe2\x80\x99s with the help of gyro, communicate with other bots using Xbee modules simultaneously and select their local mate. The experiments are conducted and preliminary results are presented.'

Title: 'Comparative Analysis of Evolutionary Algorithms for the Problem of Parametric Optimization of PID Controllers\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'S.V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917300224
Abstract: 'AbstractSix modern and promising evolutionary algorithms are described: genetic algorithm, differential evolution method, variational genetic algorithm, particle swarm optimization algorithm, bat-inspired method and firefly algorithm. For all algorithms brief description and main steps of receiving solution are given. In the experimental part all algorithms are compared by the effectiveness of solving the parametric optimization problem for PID controllers.'

Title: 'A Stochastic Learning Approach for Construction of Brick Structures with a Ground Robot'
Author: 'S\xc3\xa9rgio R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S240589631731604X
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we describe an architectural framework by which a mobile robot can learn how to autonomously assemble solid 3D brick structures according to user-specified designs. The policies of actions to perform the construction task are obtained from a simulation environment using Reinforcement Learning (RL) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) approaches. The proposed planning architecture is used to simultaneously solve three problems: 1) to generate feasible construction policies, 2) to define the set of maneuvers for the vehicle to carry out the assembly task, and 3) to obtain the set of trajectories for handling and mounting parts while avoiding fixed obstacles. During the learning process the power limitation of the ground robot is taken into account. Simulation results show that the set of learned actions may efficiently perform the construction procedures without resulting in conditions which prevent the fulfillment of the assembly procedures. The synthesis of this system opens the way to the development of intelligent construction approaches using ground robots.'

Title: 'Application of AGPSO for Power loss minimization in Radial Distribution Network via DG units, Capacitors and NR'
Author: 'G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610217323299
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper presents an application of Autonomous Group Particle Swarm Optimization (AGPSO) to solve the power loss minimization problem in Radial Distribution Network (RDN) using optimal allocation and sizing of Distributed Generation (DG) units and capacitors with and without Network Reconfiguration (NR) to improve the efficiency of the RDN under seven cases (except Base Case). Further this work considers DG units and capacitors at three and four optimal locations in the RDN to examine the impact of power loss under two scenarios. The proposed technique has been tested on standard IEEE 69 bus DN and the results are compared with previous published methods. Simulation results reveal that the proposed method minimizes the real power loss in an effective and efficient manner under all the cases and scenarios.'

Title: 'Electrical EngineeringGSO based optimization of steady state load shedding in power systems to mitigate blackout during generation contingencies'
Author: 'R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090447914001245
Abstract: 'AbstractLoad shedding is considered as a last alternative to avoid the cascaded tripping and blackout in power systems during generation contingencies. It is essential to optimize the amount of load to be shed in order to prevent excessive load shedding. To minimize load shedding, this paper proposes the implementation of nature inspired optimization algorithm known as glowworm swarm optimization (GSO) algorithm. The optimal solution of steady state load shedding is carried out by squaring the difference between the connected and supplied power (active and reactive). The proposed algorithm is tested on IEEE 14, 30, 57, 118 and Northern Regional Power Grid (NRPG)-(India) 246 bus test systems. The viability of the proposed method in terms of solution quality and convergence properties is compared with the conventional methods, namely, projected augmented Lagrangian method (PALM), gradient technique based on Kuhn\xe2\x80\x93Tucker theorem (GTBKTT) and second order gradient technique (SOGT).'

Title: 'Review of Multi-Agent Algorithms for Collective Behavior: a Structural Taxonomy'
Author: 'Federico'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2405896318308401
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, we review multi-agent collective behavior algorithms in the literature and classify them according to their underlying mathematical structure. For each mathematical technique, we identify the multi-agent coordination tasks it can be applied to, and we analyze its scalability, bandwidth use, and demonstrated maturity. We highlight how versatile techniques such as artificial potential functions can be used for applications ranging from low-level position control to high-level coordination and task allocation, we discuss possible reasons for the slow adoption of complex distributed coordination algorithms in the field, and we highlight areas for further research and development.'

Title: 'Simplifying and improving ant-based clustering'
Author: 'Swee Chuan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050911000640
Abstract: 'AbstractAnt-based clustering (ABC) is a data clustering approach inspired from cemetery formation activities observed in real ant colonies. Building upon the premise of collective intelligence, such an approach uses multiple ant-like agents and a mixture of heuristics, in order to create systems that are capable of clustering real-world data. Many recently proposed ABC systems have shown competitive results, but these systems are geared towards adding new heuristics, resulting in increasingly complex systems that are harder to understand and improve. In contrast to this direction, we demonstrate that a state-of-the-art ABC system can be systematically evaluated and then simplified. The streamlined model, which we call SABC, differs fundamentally from traditional ABC systems as it does not use the ant-colony and several key components. Yet, our empirical study shows that SABC performs more effectively and effciently than the state-of-the-art ABC system.'

Title: 'Enhanced-Ant-AODV for optimal route selection in mobile ad-hoc network'
Author: 'Dipika'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319157818303458
Abstract: 'AbstractSelection of an optimal path is a challenging issue in Mobile Ad-hoc network (MANET). This paper proposes a new mechanism for route selection combining Ad-hoc On-Demand Distance Vector (AODV) protocol with Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) to improve Quality of Service (QoS) in MANET. Based on the mechanism of ant colony with AODV, the finest route for data delivery is selected using pheromone value of the path. In the proposed work, pheromone value of a route is calculated based on end to end reliability of the path, congestion, number of hops and residual energy of the nodes along the path. The path which has highest pheromone value will be selected for transmission of the data packet. The simulation result shows that the proposed scheme outperforms AODV, Dynamic Source Routing (DSR) and Enhanced-Ant-DSR routing algorithms.'

Title: 'OpinionThe Endothelium Solves Problems That Endothelial Cells Do Not Know Exist'
Author: 'John G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016561471730024X
Abstract: 'TrendsThe endothelium simultaneously senses multiple small-noisy and high-intensity signals arriving from various activators. The endothelium specifically links each of the various activators with particular functions and physiological outputs.An understanding of the sensitivity of single endothelial cells provides minimal insight into overall sensing by the endothelium.The endothelium is a heterogeneous collection of cells each with different sensitivities to activators.Communication of information via short-range network properties determines the endothelium\xe2\x80\x99s sensing capabilities, the effectiveness of information transfer, and the resilience of the endothelium to faults.The collective sensory capacity of the endothelium is beyond the ability of any single endothelial cell and enables the endothelial collective to efficiently discriminate multiple signals of various magnitudes.The endothelium is the single layer of cells that lines the entire cardiovascular system and regulates vascular tone and blood\xe2\x80\x93tissue exchange, recruits blood cells, modulates blood clotting, and determines the formation of new blood vessels. To control each function, the endothelium uses a remarkable sensory capability to continuously monitor vanishingly small changes in the concentrations of many simultaneously arriving extracellular activators that each provides cues to the physiological state. Here we suggest that the extraordinary sensory capabilities of the endothelium do not come from single cells but from the combined activity of a large number of endothelial cells. Each cell has a limited, but distinctive, sensory capacity and shares information with neighbours so that sensing is distributed among cells. Communication of information among connected cells provides system-level sensing substantially greater than the capabilities of any single cell and, as a collective, the endothelium solves sensory problems too complex for any single cell.'

Title: 'Application of bacterial colony chemotaxis optimization algorithm and RBF neural network in thermal NDT/E for the identification of defect parameters'
Author: 'Wei'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0307904X10003598
Abstract: 'AbstractThe identification of defect parameters in thermal non-destructive test and evaluation (NDT/E) was considered as a kind of inverse heat transfer problem (IHTP). However, it can be further considered as a shape optimization problem, and then a structure design optimization problem, and the design results should meet the surface temperature profile of the apparatus with defects. A bacterial colony chemotaxis (BCC) optimization algorithm and a radial basis function (RBF) neural network (NN) are applied to the thermal NDT/E for the identification of defects parameters. The RBFNN is a precise and convenient surrogate model for the time costly finite element computation, which obtains the surface temperature with different defect parameters. The BCC optimization algorithm is derivatively-free, and the convergence speed is fast. Then a simple but complete multi-disciplinary design optimization (MDO) framework is constructed for the sake of generality and flexibility. This method is applied to a simple verification case and the result is acceptable. The algorithm is also compared with the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, and the BCC algorithm can access the optimum with faster speed.'

Title: 'MACSIM: A SIMULINK ENABLED ENVIRONMENT FOR MULTI-AGENT SYSTEM SIMULATION'
Author: 'Peter'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1474667016371440
Abstract: 'AbstractAgent-based approaches to software and algorithm development have received a great deal of research attention in recent years and are becoming widely utilised in the construction of complex systems. This paper presents MACSim a novel simulation environment which allows a multi-agent system to be embedded into the industry standard system, Simulink. The architecture of MACSim is discussed and a case study is presented where a number of MACSim agents are used to control the behaviour of a Boeing 747 in simulation.'

Title: 'HOLONIC MANUFACTURING CONTROL USING MULTI ANT COLONY SYSTEMS'
Author: 'Gert'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1474667015359358
Abstract: 'AbstractThe complexity of production management as well as manufacturing control has advanced exceptionally in the past years. In order to cope with the perpetually changing requirements, novel concepts and procedures have been developed. Since the beginning of the nineties, the trend is moving to self-organizing concepts of manufacturing control, like the holonic manufacturing. The Multi Ant Colony Systems, which are inspired by biological ants, can provide the necessary fundamentals in order to realise a holonic manufacturing control. This papers presents a procedure for the short-term, operative manufacturing control based on the Multi Ant Colony Systems.'

Title: 'Ideality & Bio-Inspired Based Collaborative Bibliographic Search Method\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Fayemi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212827116001943
Abstract: 'AbstractBibliographic search is a common entry point to any scientific work. It aims at gathering enough information to support the incoming thoughts. It is usually an unstructured process relying on both information retrieval and serendipity.Considering the search as an unstructured process, it could easily become a time consuming never ending process.In order to maximize the outcome of bibliographic search with limited time and resources, an approach is proposed. It focuses on how to structure such search without contradicting its need of serendipity thanks to different features. The first relies on the concept of Ideality. It aims at identifying and structuring the information to look for. The second feature focuses on identifying the scope and depth of the analysis related to any articles constituting the bibliography. These aspects are tackled thanks to an objective/subjective grading system with handling of the results inspired by the behavior of social insects. Another feature inspired by patent search (precision/recall indexes) focuses on identifying when to stop the article curation. Finally, parts of all these features can be coupled in order to generate a bibliographic search map. This map represents a means to share an overview of the work being done, allowing another person to take ownership of the bibliographic search. This feature provides the opportunity for structuring and strengthening collaborative bibliographic search approaches.'

Title: 'Rigid Folding in Robotic Multi-agent Systems\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Benjamin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050914011399
Abstract: 'AbstractThe paper seeks to investigate the potential of biologically inspired multi-agent systems for architectural applications. The generation of \xe2\x80\x98form\xe2\x80\x99 through the process of \xe2\x80\x98rigid folding\xe2\x80\x99 represents a complex architectural procedure, which we seek to perform by employing a number of simple collaborative agents. Through a prototypic approach, closely matched with the constraints of a real world application, we want to demonstrate that the central architectural needs of form adaptability and resilience can be increased with this method. The established prototype is intended to serve as the \xe2\x80\x98embodiment\xe2\x80\x99 for different codes and strategies to test. Its shape transitions are based on the principal of folding, in which the triangle mesh topology serves as the basis for its folding patterns.'

Title: 'Adaptation and Evolution in Dynamic Persistent Environments'
Author: 'David'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1571066105051947
Abstract: 'AbstractOptimization (adaptation) of agents interacting with dynamic persistent environments (DPEs) poses a separate class of problems from those of static optimization. Such environments must be incorporated into models of interactive computation.By the No Free Lunch Theorem (NFLT), no general-purpose function-optimization algorithm can exist that is superior to random search. But interactive adaptation in environments with persistent state falls outside the scope of the NFLT, and useful general-purpose interactive optimization protocols for DPEs exist, as we show.Persistence of state supports indirect interaction. Based on the observation that mutual causation is inherent to interactive computation, and on the key role of persistent state in multiagent systems, we establish that indirect interaction is essential to multiagent systems (MASs).This work will be useful to researchers in coordination, evolutionary computation, and design of multiagent and adaptive systems.'

Title: 'Product-Driven Control: a State of the Art and Future Trends'
Author: 'Damien'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1474667016332335
Abstract: 'AbstractThis paper focuses on the domain of product-driven control. The concept of product-driven control is introduced and then the expected advantages and the problems to be solved to obtain effectively these advantages are described. A brief but representative state of the art is presented. Two industrial applications of product-driven control in two different domains are also used to illustrate the concept. This paper concludes with a set of challenging prospects.'

Title: 'The web from a complex adaptive systems perspective\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Maya'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022000007000451
Abstract: "AbstractThe web continues to grow at a phenomenal rate, and the amount of information on the web is overwhelming. Finding the relevant information remains a big challenge. Due to its wide distribution, its openness and high dynamics, the web is a complex system, for which we have to imagine mechanisms of content maintaining, filtering and organizing that are able to deal with its evolving dynamics and distribution. Integrating mechanisms of self-organization of the web content is an attractive perspective, to match with these requirements. Self-organized complex systems can be programmed using situated multi-agent systems with a coupling between the agents' social organization and spatial organization. This paper explores the web from a complex adaptive system (CAS) perspective. It reviews some characteristic behaviors of CASs and shows how the web exhibits similar behaviors. We propose a model and a prototype of a system that addresses the dynamic web content organization, adopting the CAS vision and using the multi-agent paradigm."

Title: 'ReviewSocial Interactions in \xe2\x80\x9cSimple\xe2\x80\x9d Model Systems'
Author: 'Marla B.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0896627310001789
Abstract: 'Deciphering the genetic and neurobiological underpinnings of social behavior is a difficult task. Simple model organisms such as C. elegans, Drosophila, and social insects display a wealth of social behaviors similar to\xc2\xa0those in more complex animals, including social dominance, group decision making, learning from experienced individuals, and foraging in groups. Although the study of social interactions is still in its infancy, the ability to assess the contributions of gene expression, neural circuitry, and the environment in response to social context in these simple model organisms is unsurpassed. Here, I take a comparative approach, discussing selected examples of social behavior across species and highlighting the common themes that emerge.'

Title: 'Cooperative Control in Production and Logistics'
Author: 'L\xc3\xa1szl\xc3\xb3'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1474667016422688
Abstract: 'AbstractThis is a milestone paper of the Coordinating Committee on Manufacturing and Logistics Systems (CC5) of the International Federation of Automatic Control (IFAC).Classical applications of control engineering and information and communication technology (ICT) in production and logistics are often done in a rigid, centralized and hierarchical way. These inflexible approaches are typically not able to cope with the complexities of the manufacturing environment, such as the instabilities, uncertainties and abrupt changes caused by internal and external disturbances, or a large number and variety of interacting, interdependent elements. A paradigm shift, e.g., novel organizing principles and methods, is needed for supporting the interoperability of dynamic alliances of agile and networked systems. Several solution proposals argue that the future of manufacturing and logistics lies in network-like, dynamic, open and reconfigurable systems of cooperative autonomous entities.The paper overviews various distributed approaches and technologies of control engineering and ICT that can support the realization of cooperative structures from the resource level to the level of networked enterprises. Standard results as well as recent advances from control theory, through cooperative game theory, distributed machine learning to holonic systems, cooperative enterprise modelling, system integration, and autonomous logistics processes are surveyed. A special emphasis is put on the theoretical developments and industrial applications of Robustly Feasible Model Predictive Control (RFMPC). Two case studies are also discussed: i) a holonic, PROSA-based approach to generate short-term forecasts for an additive manufacturing system by means of a delegate multi-agent system (D-MAS); and ii) an application of distributed RFMPC to a drinking water distribution system.'

Title: 'Artificial Life: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQS) and Partially Baked Ideas (PBIS) about its Uses in Agricultural Research'
Author: 'Rolf A.E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S147466701745556X
Abstract: 'AbstractArtificial Life (AL; ALife) is a new area of interdisciplinary research that draws on biology, computer science, complex systems theory and related areas of research. Major ALife-methods are described and their applicability and potential use in agricultural research is discussed using a phase concept of agricultural research.'

