
b'{"pii":"S1877050916305567","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractWithout formal structure data are those that have no prearranged form or structure and are full of textual data. Typical unstructured systems include emails, reports, telephone or messaging conversations, etc. The main goal of this work is to extract the keywords from a conversation using particle swarm optimization. Keywords are grouped together under their classification and then suggested to the user. In existing work, using diverse keyword extraction, to find topic modelling information, representation of the main topics of transcript and diverse keyword selection. It maximizes the coverage of topics that are automatically recognized in transcript of conversation fragment. Once a set of keywords is extracted, it is clustered according to their user queries and recommended to the user. At the end of result, a single implicit query cannot improve user\'s satisfaction with the recommended documents. So, swarm intelligence technique is to be applied, it will minimize redundancy in a short list of Keywords and provide accurate query result compared to greedy algorithm."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050916000259","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractWith the advent of cloud computing, most of the data owners are outsourcing their complex data management systems from local sites to the commercial public cloud for great flexibility and economic savings. But sensitive data has to be encrypted before outsourcing, for protecting data privacy. However data encryption makes effective data utilization a challenging task. Traditional data utilization based keyword search on encrypted data is a difficult task. Thus, enabling an encrypted cloud data search service is of paramount importance. Considering the large number of data users and documents in the cloud, it is necessary to allow keyword search request and return documents in the order of their relevance to these keyword. In this paper we proposed a system that supports multi-owner keyword ranked search over the encrypted cloud data with good key management scheme. Thorough security and performance analysis show that the proposed scheme guarantees high security and practical efficiency."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050917328399","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0001","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractFinding information on Web is a difficult and challenging task because of the extremely large volume of data. Search engine can be used to facilitate this task, but it is still difficult to cover all the webpages present on Web. This paper proposes a query based crawler where a set of keywords relevant to the topic of interest of the user is used to shoot queries on search interface. These search interfaces are found on webpage of the website corresponding to seed URL. This helps crawler to get most relevant links from the domain without actually going in depth of that domain. No existing focused crawling approach uses query based approach to find webpages of interest. In the proposed crawler, list of keywords is passed to the search query interfaces found on the websites. The proposed work will give the most relevant information based on the keywords in a particular domain without actually crawling through many irrelevant links in between them."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050915022000","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractGrowth of internet touched upon every sphere of life. Business is no exception to it. More and more companies and individuals are bringing their business online. Now a days videos are used as a tool to advertise and promote the business. Enterprises upload relevant videos on such promotional sites so that people can extract the most relevant video content. Users tend to choose the top ranked and the most viewed videos irrespective of their relevance. So, the key to provide suitable content is Video Search Engine Optimization (VSEO). This research paper proposes a method to optimize the video rank by exploiting video search engine\'s searching strategy that will eventually lead to increase in number of views of videos with higher ranks and thus promoting corresponding website for every visit. For experimental purposes, youtube.com has been considered. To promote white hat SEO, a technique is suggested that uses keyword tags in title, description and transcript. Ranks of videos are analysed before and after VSEO. The main idea of the proposed strategy is to select appropriate keyword tags based on navigational search queries, transactional search queries and informational search queries."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S2352914818300534","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0010","class":"author","lang":"en","html":"AbstractThe Computers in Biology and Medicine (CBM) journal promotes the use of computing machinery in the fields of bioscience and medicine. Since the first volume in 1970, the importance of computers in these fields has grown dramatically, this is evident in the diversification of topics and an increase in the publication rate. In this study, we quantify both change and diversification of topics covered in. This is done by analysing the author supplied keywords, since they were electronically captured in 1990. The analysis starts by selecting 40 keywords, related to Medical (M) (7), Data (D) (10), Feature (F) (17) and (AI) (6) methods. Automated keyword clustering shows the statistical connection between the selected keywords. We found that the three most popular topics in CBM are: Support Vector Machine (SVM), Electroencephalography (EEG) and IMAGE PROCESSING. In a separate analysis step, we bagged the selected keywords into sequential one year time slices and calculated the normalized appearance. The results were visualised with graphs that indicate the CBM topic changes. These graphs show that there was a transition from Artificial Neural Network (ANN) to SVM. In 2006 SVM replaced ANN as the most important AI algorithm. Our investigation helps the editorial board to manage and embrace topic change. Furthermore, our analysis is interesting for the general reader, as the results can help them to adjust their research directions."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877042815044596","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThe advent of bilingual programs to tertiary education has meant a noticeable change and introduced Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) approach into Spanish universities. Learning specific contents through the medium of English requires extra language support to access new knowledge; hence the relevance of a specific corpus which encases the key vocabulary and phrases of the content language of a subject or even of a university degree. This study suggests equating the language of learning (Coyle et al., 2010) to the key words found by using the keywords tool in Wordsmith (Scott, 2008) and provides an analysis of the keywords in TEC, a corpus specialized in telecommunication English. Consequently, this research reports on the bilingual degree in Telecommunication at the UPCT within the framework of CLIL and why the specialized corpus brings a considerable advantage to that situation."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050917317143","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0001","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractIn this paper, we introduce an unsupervised stochastic statistical approach for ranking key-phrases, and identifying the salient sentences within a single document for generic extractive summaries. In particular, we propose a method to perceive the salient information of a text unit which is related to the corresponding title and its leverage depending on the sentence position in a text. Furthermore, the proposed method boosts not only the computational time and speed but it still comprehends the substantial information of a document. The experimental results suggest the proposed method well outperforms the baseline approaches significantly in both keyword extraction and summary sentence extraction."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050916000880","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractIntellectual Properties (IP\'s) are attracting progressively growing popularity for corporate houses and the academia in the current years. Patent system is one of them which generate high economical values of the IP rights. This in turn calls for the increased work responsibility of patent prior art search to generate effective patent search reports for the innovator (s). In the field of patent innovations, prior knowledge of innovative steps of the technologies developed so far must be known to innovator (s). In the present research work, technology/ patent search based on keywords has been investigated to arrive at the usefulness of the methodology particularly for the case of patent documents. The present paper helps to figure out the limitations and the scope of the methodology for patent prior art search based on extent of the keywords."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1875389212007390","abstracts":[{"id":"aep-abstract-id5","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractCurrent ways can return retrieval results respond to universal sets, but a non-null subset has more redundancy as result sets. The paper presents entire semantics to retrieve relational database by keywords, it standardizes retrieval keywords for semantics. The way employs different retrieval scorers to score keywords for different keywords. The different types of retrieval algorithms are proposed based on the retrieval focus to generate linked tuple sets, which is transformed to a SQL retrieval sentence to return all query results for users. The experiments show that the way with retrieval focus avoids data redundancy well."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877042815044663","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThis study compares the use of general meaning keywords in press releases from energy companies in Britain and Spain. The analysis of general meaning keywords in specialist corpora of this type allows for a more refined corpus-based comparison of corporate discourse than is the case when comparing wordlists including similar technical issues and terms. The keywords were identified with WordSmith Tools (Smith, 2005), and were then further analysed with Sketch Engine\'s word sketch tool in order to determine their collocational patterns. The findings suggest that, even within the same industrial sector, corporate discourse can vary substantially, and that this is a reflection of different communicative strategies and the different social and cultural contexts in which they are employed across the world."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1875389212002106","abstracts":[{"id":"aep-abstract-id5","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractAmong numerous Chinese keyword extraction methods, Chinese characteristics were shortly considered. This phenomenon going against the precision enhancement of the Chinese keyword extraction. An extended term frequency based method(Extended TF) is proposed in this paper which combined Chinese linguistic characteristics with basic TF method. Unary, binary and ternary grammars for the candidate keyword extraction as well as other linguistic features were all taken into account. The method establishes classification model using support vector machine. Tests show that the proposed extraction method improved key words precision and recall rate significantly. We applied the key words extracted by the extended TF method into the text file classification. Results show that the key words extracted by the proposed method contributed greatly to raising the precision of text file classification."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050916002362","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractIn cloud computing, data owners outsource their complex data management systems from local sites to the public cloud for great flexibility and cost-effective. But before outsourcing, sensitive data have to be encrypted for protecting data privacy. This obsoletes traditional data utilization based on plaintext keyword search. Thus, allowing an encrypted cloud data search service is of vital importance. As large number of data users and documents in the cloud, it is necessary to allow multiple keywords in the search request and return documents in the order of their relevance to these keywords. In literature of searchable encryption single keyword search or Boolean keyword search techniques are discussed. In this paper, we propose the problem of privacy-preserving multi-keyword ranked search over encrypted data in cloud computing (MRSE). In which the queries are transferred to the server. Server searches the relevant content by using the coordinate matching and sends the results to the user. Then the user decrypts the data."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050913011009","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractKeyword networks, formed from keywords occurring in scholarly articles provide a useful mechanism for understanding academic research trends. In keyword networks, keywords are represented as nodes and a link is formed between a pair of keywords if they appear in the same article. Each link is assigned a weight, representing the number of co-occurrences of the pair in different articles. A statistical and visual analysis of the structural and temporal characteristics of such networks reveals the organizing pattern and the evolution of keywords. In this study we analyse the difference between structured keyword system and unstructured keyword system. We use keywords from two prominent business management journals from USA and India and analyse the corresponding keyword networks. Our results indicate that the network characteristics of structured keyword system are more suitable than unstructured keyword system to analyse research trends and bring forth the emerging areas and popular research methods. The adoption of structured keyword system will aid researchers and funding agencies to optimize their decision on the use of research funding."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050918308056","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0001","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThe huge amount of user generated content about the real world events are generated by social media for every minute. Twitter has gained tremendous popularity for the past few years with millions of tweets for each day. The twitter data can be monitored through the Twitter Streaming API in order to reveal model, benefit and to analyze user behavior. This is the major advantage in this micro-blogging network which is suitable for data mining. In this paper, self-built Twitter dataset are prepared based on event which are reflected in social media and related images of these event are stored in the image database. One goal of this paper is to discover the keyword from the extracted tweets using pre-processing steps. A new proposed HOG_SIFT features are obtained to extract the features of images related to the keyword detection and this is the second goal of our work. The third goal is to retrieve the significant images from the image database based on subspace clustering techniques such as k-subspace and seq-k-subspace algorithms. It is experimentally found that proposed HOG_SIFT feature extraction method is efficient and gives better performance than SIFT method. Similarly clustering algorithms are compared based on the performance measures such as precision, recall and accuracy. It is proved that seq-k-subspace performance better than the k-subspace clustering algorithm."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050913001609","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractDatabase keyword search (DB KWS) has received a lot of attention in database research community. Although much of the research has been motivated by improving performance, recent research has also paid increased attention to its role in database contents exploration or data mining. In this paper we explore aspects related to DB KWS in two steps: First, we expand DB KWS by incorporating ontologies to better capture users\xc3\xa2\xc2\x80\xc2\x99 intention. Furthermore, we examine how KWS or ontology-enriched KWS can offer useful hints for better understanding of the data and in-depth analysis of the data contents, or data mining."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050915000964","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractTwitter is a micro blogging site that helps the transfer of information as short length tweets. The large quantum of information makes it necessary to find out methods and tools to summarize them. Our research work is to propose a method, which collect tweets using a specific keyword and then, summarizes them to find out topics related to that keyword. The topic detection is done by using clusters of frequent patterns. Already existing pattern oriented topic detection techniques suffer from the wrong correlation problem of patterns. In this paper, we propose two algorithms, TDA (Topic Detection using AGF) and TCTR (Topic Clustering and Tweet Retrieval), which will help to overcome this problem. From various experimental results, it is observed that the proposed method can maintain good performance irrespective of the size of the data set."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050913001610","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractKeyword search plays a critical role for researchers in bioinformatics to retrieve structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. In addition, in order to fully exploit the rich repository of biological databases, data mining has drawn increasing attention of researchers. An interesting issue is to examine the possible relationship between database keyword search (DB KWS) and in- depth database exploration (or data mining) in the context of bioinformatics, and in particular, the potential contribution of DB KWS for data mining. However, so far there is no known systematic investigation on this relationship. In this paper, we provide a preliminary discussion on how we can take advantage of DB KWS for in-depth exploration of biological databases, and describe a case study on the association between genetic variants and diseases. The case study is motivated from the fact that the advent of high throughput sequencing technologies have facilitated in generating a huge amount of genomic data. A wealth of genomic information in the form of publicly available databases is underutilized as a potential resource for uncovering functionally relevant markers underlying complex human traits. The discovery of genetic associations is an important factor in the understanding of human illness to derive disease pathways and a plethora of other information such as the disease-gene associations, the variants associated with the diseases etc. A database was curated of the genome wide association studies, and an algorithm inspired by DBXplorer was used to implement the keyword search over the database in JAVA. The case study further proposes ways to include the association rule mining as a data mining technique, which is useful for discovering interesting relationships hidden in large data sets, to further investigate the results of the keyword search when done with different yet sensible combinations of disease and genes. We believe that such an integrated study to explore the potential of how bioinformatics can take advantage of both techniques in a single bioinformatics application would be a very interesting issue of both theoretical and practical importance."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050915003257","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractWith the increased rate of growth and adaptation of cloud computing, daily, more and more sensitive information is being centralized onto the cloud. For the protection of valuable proprietary information, the data must be encrypted before outsourcing. The existing search techniques allow the user to search over encrypted data using keywords but these techniques account for only exact keyword search. There is no tolerance for typos and format inconsistencies which are normal user behaviour. This makes effective data storage and utilization a very challenging task, rendering user searching very frustrating and inefficient. In this paper, we focus on secure storage using Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) and information retrieval by performing fuzzy keyword search on this encrypted data. We are proposing the implementation of an advanced fuzzy keyword search mechanism called the Wildcard Based technique which returns the matching files when users\xc3\xa2\xc2\x80\xc2\x99 searching inputs exactly match the predefined keywords or the closest possible matching files based on similarity keyword semantics, when exact match fails. In the proposed solution, we exploit edit distance to quantify keywords similarity and develop an efficient technique for constructing fuzzy keyword sets, which focus on reducing the storage and representation overheads."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050916313333","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractIn this paper, a co-word method based on keywords from funded project is proposed to map the research trends. Firstly, the keywords of funded project are used to describe the rsearch topic statistically. Then, co-word analysis, including cluster analysis, social network analysis, is adopted to study the relationship of each research topic. The projects of Management Science and Engineering in National Natural Science Foundation of China during 2011-2015 are collected as the empirical data. The data is composed of General Project, Youth Project, and Regional Project. The results show that the focus of researches are Game Theory, Supply Chain Management, Complex Network, Data Mining, Optimize, Risk Management, and Data Envelopment Analysis. Moreover, Game Theory, Supply Chain Management, and Data Mining are hot topics. The research fields in Management Science and Engineering in China are varied, and the well developed and core research fields are fewer."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050915005207","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractWeb-3.0 provides an easy way to utilize the in-depth knowledge of the huge data that grows day-by-day in the internet Our aim with this paper is to work with the Linked Open Data Cloud data, where the main problem with the dataset is inconsistencies, bulkiness. We are exploring bibliographic data which is one of the cloud data. The authors found some useful information in the dataset that should be explored for judging the improvement of the search query\'s result. After analysis we came to know that many of the papers residing in RKBExplorer did not have keyword information. Because of that the search engine based on the RKBExplorer only able to use the information in this database going to retrieve the papers, authors of that paper and their related cited papers with given paper author or title. But assume the situation where the user wants to enter the search string, then what would be the result? Would it retrieve all the related paper even if their keywords are not assigned? In this paper we are trying to answer this question, with the help of data mining algorithm ARM on the features retrieved from the RDF data. We have developed a novel approach through which we can answer the user\'s query which is mixture of important the strings, we called them tags of the papers"}]}'

b'{"pii":"S0167923613001875","abstracts":[{"id":"ab0010","class":"author-highlights","lang":null,"html":"Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Bidding behaviors in a sealed-bid keyword auction is analyzed.\xe2\x80\xa2Even in a sealed bid environment, bidding behavior with a minimal search for others bids leads to a unique fixedpoint.\xe2\x80\xa2A computer simulation shows that a sealed bid environment is beneficial to a search engine."},{"id":"ab0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractA keyword auction is conducted by Internet search engines to sell advertising slots listed on the search results page. Although much of the literature assumes the dynamic bidding strategy that utilizes the current bids of other advertisers, such information is, in practice, not available for participants in the auction. This paper explores the bidding behavior of advertisers in a sealed-bid environment, where each bidder does not know the current bids of others. This study considers secure bidding with a trial bid (SBT) as the bid adjustment process used by the advertisers, which is functional in a sealed-bid environment. It is shown that the SBT bid adjustment process converges to some equilibrium point in a one-shot game irrespective of the initial bid profile. Simulation results verify that a sealed-bid environment would be beneficial to search engines."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S0304397512007906","abstracts":[{"id":"aep-abstract-id5","class":"author","lang":"en","html":"AbstractWeng et\xc2\xa0al. introduced the notion of conditional proxy re-encryption (or C-PRE, for short), whereby only the ciphertext satisfying one condition set by the delegator can be transformed by the proxy and then decrypted by delegatee. Nonetheless, they left an open problem on how to construct CCA-secure C-PRE schemes with anonymity. Fang et\xc2\xa0al. answered this question by presenting a construction of anonymous conditional proxy re-encryption (C-PRE) scheme without requiring random oracle. Nevertheless, Fang et\xc2\xa0al.\xe2\x80\x99s scheme only satisfies the RCCA-security (which is a weaker variant of CCA-security assuming a harmless mauling of the challenge ciphertext is tolerated). Hence, it remains an open problem whether CCA-secure C-PRE schemes that satisfy both anonymity and full CCA-security can really be realized. Shao et\xc2\xa0al. introduced a new cryptographic primitive, called proxy re-encryption with keyword search (PRES), which is a combination of PRE and public key encryption with keyword search (PEKS), and they left an open problem on how to design an efficient unidirectional PRES scheme.In this paper, we answer the above open problems by proposing a new cryptographic primitive called conditional proxy re-encryption with keyword search (C-PRES), which combines C-PRE and PEKS. We note that there are subtleties in combining these two notions to achieve a secure scheme, and hence, the combination is not trivial. We propose a definition of security against chosen ciphertext attacks for C-PRES schemes with keyword anonymity, and thereafter present a scheme that satisfies the definition. The performance of our scheme outperforms Weng et\xc2\xa0al.\xe2\x80\x99s construction, which has been regarded as the most efficient C-PRE scheme to date."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877042815044766","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThis corpus-based study aims to identify the keywords and collocation strength (Gries, 2013) in different text types across sister specialized subcorpora in the maritime transport field. Within this English for Specific Purposes area, which has been given little attention to from a corpus linguistics approach, the contrastive analysis will be primarily intended to determine the frequency and coverage of register (Leech, 2001) and explore the terms\xc3\xa2\xc2\x80\xc2\x99 distinctiveness in each of the subcorpora under study despite their close ties in a shared semantic maritime field. The designed workplan for this empirical study relies on putting differences into perspective alongside similarities within the framework of cooccurrence frequency count data (Evert, 2005) where keyword extraction and collocation patterns for each separate subcorpus are allocated and mutually compared. Finally, outcomes obtained shall help us determine the text terminological coverage, the collocation strengths or other associative characteristics that can provide us with more reliable results, with a fuller picture of how the selected terms work and with useful insights into salient markers of Maritime English language."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050910005429","abstracts":[{"id":"aep-abstract-id7","class":"author","lang":"en","html":"AbstractKeyword spotting refers to the detection of a limited number of given keywords in speech utterances. In this paper, first we review one of the large margin based keyword spotting approach that uses a discriminative method for training the keyword spotter. Then, we evaluate the robustness of this approach in different noisy conditions. In addition; we compare the performance of this method with an HMM-based keyword spotter -which uses a generative training method- in the same noisy conditions. The experimental results show that the large-margin based keyword spotter is more robust than HMM-based system in noisy environments."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877705812004365","abstracts":[{"id":"aep-abstract-id7","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractIn this paper, we propose a novel pruning method for the Viterbi decoding in the task of keyword spotting. This method aims to reduce the computation time without any sacrifice of the detection performance. Firstly, \xc3\x8e\xc4\x85-quantile is employed to set the beam, and it reduces the hypothesis in proportion. Secondly, a flexible beam is achieved by a linear adjustment. The experiments conducted on the King-ASR-023 database show that the proposed method leads to a significant reduction in the computation time over the baseline system with fixed width of the beam."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877042814030092","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThe aim of this study is to identify themes and trends of Korean educational technology by examining 645 papers authored by Korean researchers in Journal of Educational Technology (JET) between 1985 and June, 2013. In addition to the keywords included in abstract, other important keywords were extracted from titles and abstracts manually. Co-word analysis was employed to reveal patterns and trends in the research by measuring the association strength of terms representative of relevant publications produced in ET field. Social network techniques were applied using UCINET for Windows to get keywords network, and Net-draw were utilized to visualize network. In order to trace dynamic changes of the ET field, the whole 29 year was further separated three consecutive periods: 1985-1994, 1995-2004, and 2005-2013. Results indicate that educational technology research in Korea has been strongly influenced by new media, design theory, educational epistemology, and educational assessment. Instructional design revealed to be most important keywords by centrality measures for among time periods, and it has received consistent and high attention over the last decade. Constructivism related keywords and network- based learning have also received growing attention since 1996. Social media related keywords (knowledge sharing, social capital, and social media etc) is emerging theme since 2005 year. The findings contribute to predict future trends of ET field and to understand the discourse about the epistemology of educational technology research by using social network techniques. The results show that ET fields have some established research themes and it also changes rapidly to embrace new themes."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S0885064X03001316","abstracts":[{"id":"aep-abstract-id3","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractIn this paper, we introduce a notion of oblivious keyword search (OKS). Let W be the set of possible keywords. In the commit phase, a database supplier T commits n data. In each transfer subphase, a user U can choose a keyword w\xc3\xa2\xc2\x88\xc2\x88W adaptively and find Search(w) without revealing w to T, where Search(w) is the set of all data which includes w as a keyword.We then show two efficient protocols such that the size of the commitments is only O(nB) regardless of the size of W, where B is the size of each data. It is formally proved that U learns nothing more than search(w) and T gains no information on the keywords which U searched for. We further present a more efficient adaptive OTkn protocol than the previous one [19] as an application of our first OKS protocol."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1878029611002866","abstracts":[{"id":"aep-abstract-id5","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThis paper conducts analysis on the metadata information of shared Earth System Science data of China Scientific Data Sharing Project (SDSP) published online by Portal of Chinese Science and Technology Resource. High- frequency keywords are extracted from the metadata, keyword clusters are formed by means of co-occurrence matrix and K-core analysis, and then network visualization is made by Pajek software. This research reveals the field characteristics of the data through analyzing the keywords network structure, make conclusion on the hot acquisition spots of data in Earth System Science field shared on SDSP."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S2214581815001251","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractStudy regionAsia, Europe, Oceania, North America, South America, Middle East and Africa.Study focusThe purpose of this paper is to review and analyze the water, energy, and food nexus and regions of study, nexus keywords and stakeholders in order to understand the current state of nexus research.New hydrological insightsThrough selected 37 projects, four types of nexus research were identified including water\xe2\x80\x93food, water\xe2\x80\x93energy\xe2\x80\x93food, water\xe2\x80\x93energy, and climate related. Among them, six projects (16%) had a close linkage with water\xe2\x80\x93food, 11 (30%) with water\xe2\x80\x93energy\xe2\x80\x93food, 12 (32%) with water\xe2\x80\x93energy, and eight (22%) with climate. The regions were divided into Asia, Europe, Oceania, North America, South America, Middle East and Africa. North America and Oceania had a tendency to focus on a specific nexus type, water\xe2\x80\x93energy (46%) and climate (43%), while Africa had less focus on water\xe2\x80\x93energy (7%). Regarding keywords, out of 37 nexus projects, 16 projects listed keywords in their articles. There were 84 keywords in total, which were categorized by the author team depending on its relevance to water, food, energy, climate, and combination of water\xe2\x80\x93food\xe2\x80\x93energy\xe2\x80\x93climate, and 40 out of 84 keywords were linked with water and only 4 were linked with climate. As for stakeholders, 77 out of 137 organizations were related to research and only two organizations had a role in media."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877050918300115","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0001","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThe paper describes a relevant task for research area specialists to define categories for the incoming information and scientific materials by using automated systems (software) and the methodology of developing of dictionaries for such systems. The methodology is based on studying of existing classification codes and developing dictionaries, which contain the most relevant and frequent keywords."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877042814001815","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThis paper describes the comparison of ontology development tools for development of academic information search system that assists inexperienced research students at a local university in Malaysia to search for academic resources in the local language context (Bahasa Malaysia). The cohort of inexperienced research students faces two main problems when using current system comprises of keyword search. Firstly the language barrier-limiting students\xc3\xa2\xc2\x80\xc2\x99 capabilities to conduct keyword search in foreign language (such as English). Secondly limited research experience in querying often results in obtaining irrelevant search results. The proposed semantic search system aims to apply ontology-based search to overcome the above two problems. The paper presents the first phase of system development; ontology design and ontology development tool."}]}'

b'{"pii":"S0960148118301599","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0020","class":"author-highlights","lang":"en","html":"Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Emerging PV technologies are identified by keyword analysis using TIM software.\xe2\x80\xa2A parallel expert review exercise was conducted as a reference.\xe2\x80\xa2Simple indicators to compare bibliometrics with expert review results are introduced.\xe2\x80\xa2Most (63%) technologies identified by experts are in the best 300 ranked by TIM.\xe2\x80\xa2This software requires 10% of the time and costs necessary to run the expert review."},{"id":"abs0010","class":"author","lang":"en","html":"AbstractThis paper compares the results of technology mapping from bibliometric analysis and results from expert review to identify emerging solar photovoltaic (PV) technologies. The bibliometric analysis is based on \xe2\x80\x9cTools for Innovation Monitoring\xe2\x80\x9d (TIM), a new software code developed by the Joint Research Centre. With this text-mining software a set of relevant keywords is extracted through frequency analysis from a corpus of pertinent scientific publications. Keywords obtained by quantitative analysis by TIM are tested against results from qualitative cognitive analysis by an international panel of PV technology experts by means of a set of proposed indicators. The technologies identified by the PV experts are well represented amongst the most frequently occurring (highest ranked) keywords retrieved by TIM. The more salient keywords tend to correspond to the relatively more established technologies such as dye sensitised solar cells, organic PV and more recently-developed technologies such as perovskites. These high rated/developed keywords/technologies can be relatively straightforwardly detected through bibliometric analysis. Contrary to that, keywords designating the most emerging technologies like ferroelectric PV, hot carriers and multiple exciton generation solar cells tend to occur much less frequently and therefore provide weaker signals. These weak signals can be important in foresight."},{"id":"abs0015","class":"graphical","lang":null,"html":"Graphical abstract"}]}'

b'{"pii":"S1877042813041815","abstracts":[{"id":"abs0005","class":"author","lang":null,"html":"AbstractThis study constitutes an initial step towards filling a gap in corpus linguistics studies of linguistic and phraseological variation across English pharmaceutical texts, in particular in terms of recurrent linguistic patterns. The study conducted from a register- perspective (Biber & Conrad, 2009), which employs both quantitative and qualitative research procedures, aims to provide a corpus-driven description of vocabulary and phraseology, namely key words, lexical bundles, and phrase frames, used in patient information leaflets and summaries of product characteristics (represented by 463 and 146 texts, respectively) written originally in English and collected in two domain-specific custom-designed corpora. The analysis is largely based on the methodology proposed by Biber, 2006, Biber, 2009, Go\xc5\xbad\xc5\xba-Roszkowski (2011) and Roemer (2009), which enables one to explore the lexico- phraseological profile of two text types and the functions of keywords, lexical bundles and phrase frames found therein, thus providing new data for a description of English used for pharmaceutical purposes. The results show that patterns of language use differ across two text types, and that the observed differences are linked with the situational and functional characteristics of patient information leaflets and summaries of product characteristics. Thus, the results show that pattern variability is not only content-related (Roemer, 2009), but also function-related. It is hoped that the results may have significant implications, in particular as regards teaching English for Specific Purposes (ESP), translators\xe2\x80\x99 training or lexicography, to name just a few."}]}'
