The fragmentation of natural environments is one of the most important threats to biodiversity and involves changes in landscape configuration and habitat quality. The Atlantic Forest of South America has been highly fragmented, which creates concern for the conservation of its biodiversity. We evaluated the effects of forest loss and fragmentation on the terrestrial mammal assemblage of the Atlantic Forest of Misiones, Argentina. The area still contains large fragments and a forest cover >50%. We evaluated the effect of the configuration of the fragments (area, isolation) and the quality of the environment surrounding them (% of forest, land uses, poaching). We sampled mammal assemblages with camera-traps. We used generalized linear models, with the number of species in smaller forest fragments (49 stations) and the difference in their composition to that of the largest forest fragment (control situation; 53 stations) as response variables. Species richness in the fragments increased with the proportion of forest in their surroundings and decreased with the distance to population sources. The dissimilarity of the assemblages of smaller fragments to those of the largest fragment increased with forest disturbance and by the contrast of the land uses (e.g., annual crops) surrounding the fragments. We modeled and mapped these effects, which can be used as spatially explicit planning tools for the conservation of the mammal assemblage in this landscape. The effect of fragmentation on the mammal assemblage is mediated by both anthropic effects that affect the quality of the environment and by the spatial configuration of fragments in the landscape.

The Amazon and Atlantic Forest are considered the world's most biodiverse biomes. Human and climate change impacts are the principal drivers of species loss in both biomes, more severely in the Atlantic Forest. In response to species loss, the main conservation action is the creation of protected areas (PAs). Current knowledge and research on the PA network's conservation efficiency is scarce, and existing studies have mainly considered a past temporal view. In this study, we tested the efficiency of the current PA network to maintain climatically stable areas (CSAs) across the Amazon and Atlantic Forest. To this, we used an ecological niche modeling approach to biome and paleoclimatic simulations. We propose three categories of conservation priority areas for both biomes, considering CSAs, PAs and intact forest remnants. The biomes vary in their respective PA networks' protection efficiency. Regarding protect CSAs, the Amazon PA network is four times more efficient than the Atlantic Forest PA network. New conservation efforts in these two forest biomes require different approaches. We discussed the conservation actions that should be taken in each biome to increase the efficiency of the PA network, considering both the creation and expansion of PAs as well as restoration programs.

Novel and hybrid ecosystems present different conservation values for native species. Therefore, the classification of modified ecosystems into a novel or hybrid state is an essential step to assist conservation strategies for biodiversity. During the last decades, plantations of Eucalyptus have increased in the highly threatened Atlantic Forest region, highlighting the importance of defining this ecosystem as novel or hybrid. In this study, we evaluated whether Eucalyptus plantations are novel or hybrid ecosystems by contrasting biotic components (dung beetle communities) and abiotic components (local environmental variables) within historical (Atlantic Forest remnants) and non-historical (pasture) environments in the Atlantic Forest biome, located in Bahia state, Brazil. Our results show that Eucalyptus plantations should be classified and managed as a hybrid ecosystem in this biome. Of the 21 dung beetle species found in Eucalyptus, ten were shared with historical forests (52.6% of Eucalyptus species) and 6 with pastures (31.5%). Eucalyptus plantations have environmental aspects similar to both historical forests and pastures. Despite presenting similar components to historical and non-historical ecosystems, Eucalyptus plantations are sufficiently distinct not to be classified as either one of them. Our results highlight the potential conservation value of Eucalyptus plantations in the Atlantic Forest region as complementary habitat for historical species, and we discuss how alternative management at landscape and stand (local) scales might increase this value. Although dung beetles are an excellent group to monitor biodiversity, we reinforce the necessity to perform further studies using another taxon that present different ecosystem requirements.

Applicability of modeling tools to tackle conservation problems is key for conservation planning. However, modeling papers regarding real-world conservation issues are scarce. Here, we combined two modeling tools to identify priority areas in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, focusing on the last large-bodied frugivorous bird in the region, the red-billed curassow (Crax blumenbachii). We used population viability analysis (PVA) to determine (1) the minimum viable population size under different hunting scenarios; and (2) the minimum critical forest patch size required to maintain viable populations. We used ecological niche modeling (ENM) to identify remnants that retain suitable environmental conditions to ensure the long-term persistence of this species. We overlapped the outputs from PVA and ENM models to identify priority areas for curassows. Under our best-case scenario, 56 individuals would suffice to maintain a viable population and 71 forest patches located within the species' known range are above the critical size of 3141 ha. In the worst-case scenario, at least 138 individuals would be required to maintain a viable population in forest patches larger than 9500 ha, corresponding to only 20 Atlantic Forest fragments within the species range. Among these, 17 presented median habitat suitability values higher than 0.70, eight of which were selected as priority areas for law enforcement and nine as priority areas for reintroduction. We encourage conservation biologists and land managers to combine modeling tools which can be guided by our conservation planning framework. This approach is promising to inform long-term conservation planning of a flagship species and its entire ecosystem.

Large areas in tropical countries were converted into Eucalyptus plantations for pulp production. Although these plantations are structurally more similar to native ecosystems than traditional short-lived crops, they can be less suitable for more sensitive species. Thus, it is important to know how they can harbor native biodiversity and contribute for its conservation in highly fragmented landscapes. In this work, we compared fruit-feeding butterfly assemblages from Eucalyptus plantations, forest fragments immersed in Eucalyptus plantations and samples inside a continuous forest tract on an extremely rich and threatened area of Atlantic forest in Brazil. We found that plantations harbor a less diverse assemblage of fruit-feeding butterflies, with low richness and a few, very abundant species. Samples placed in plantations were more similar to each other in species composition than those taken from fragments or continuous forests, although the dissimilarities among forest fragments are similar to those found among continuous forest samples. The occurrence of some very abundant species, mostly grass-feeding (Satyrines), differentiate the plantations from forests plots. In common between plantations and forests there were a few other species, notably some associated with second growth (Biblidinae and Satyrinae) and others with strong flying capabilities (Charaxinae). The small fragments harbored a significant portion of the regional butterfly diversity, and this reinforces the importance of actions to preserve them and to increase landscape connectivity for butterfly conservation purposes. It is clear that Eucalyptus sp. plantations cannot substitute forests for a vast majority of fruit-feeding butterflies, but it is better than other land use practices, such as pastures and sugar cane plantations, in sustaining part of this fauna and acting as a potential corridor.

Rapid morphological changes associated with anthropogenic alterations have been reported in many groups of vertebrates. The Atlantic Forest is subject to serious conservation problems due to human activities and is one of the hotpots for the preservation of biodiversity. Bats play important roles in the recuperation of this type of environment as pollinators, seed dispersers and controllers of invertebrate populations. Environments altered by humans may serve as filters that determine the presence of animals with morphologically different characteristics in comparison to those found in preserved environments. In the present study, morphometric characteristics and weight were studied in flat-faced fruit-eating bats (Artibeus planirostris) captured in three protected areas of the Atlantic Forest located in the northern portion of the biome: one well preserved and two with conservation problems. The means of nearly all morphological characteristics evaluated were lower in the most conserved environment, including forearm size, which is directly related to flight and differed significantly between environments with different states of conservation. In recent decades, large and medium-sized trees have been cut down in the less conserved environments, resulting in fewer obstacles for bats during flight. This situation is thought to lead to selective pressure for bats with smaller wings in the more preserved environment, which implies greater flight manoeuvrability. The observation that the state of conservation of forest fragments affects morphometrics further underscores the importance of conservation measures in highly impacted biomes.

Procambarus clarkii is an important invasive freshwater species whose ecological plasticity allows for its establishment in different kinds of environments; such plasticity is also reflected in its diet with two main consequences: invasion success and impact on native biota. In order to investigate P. clarkii’s feeding habits, examine how its diet varies both seasonally and among different demographic groups (reproductive males, non-reproductive males and females) and explore the two consequences mentioned above, we investigated the trophic role of this species in an Atlantic Forest conservation area in the city of São Paulo (Brazil). A total of 540 specimens collected monthly over a year were measured and weighed. Their stomachs were weighed and classified according to the degree of stomach fullness. Stomach contents were examined, and animal and plant matter weighed. Food items were identified to the lowest possible taxonomic level and the percentage of occurrence of each item was calculated, as well as the diet diversity. Collected data were compared according to seasons and demographic groups through the Analysis of Similarity and Similarity Percentage Analysis. The percentage of animal weight attributed to stomach weight and the degree of fullness of stomachs did not vary significantly among seasons; however, non-reproductive males had significantly less full stomachs. Diet composition was evenly balanced between plant and animal material for both reproductive males and females, while non-reproductive males consumed a lower proportion of animal matter. The diversity in diet composition was high in all seasons and for all demographic groups, although always slightly lower for non-reproductive males. The percentage of occurrence of food items evidenced high consumption of algae and macrophytes throughout the year. It also reflected the seasonal variation of consumed prey, with a shift in consumption of insects and microcrustaceans in spring and summer to decapods and amphibians in fall and winter. The dissimilarity in diet composition was more pronounced among demographic groups than among seasons, being non-reproductive males the most different, with higher ingesting of less evasive prey. Nonetheless, winter differed from other seasons and was the season with least different food composition among demographic groups, indicating a homogenization in diet composition, which might be due to restricted availability of resources. Procambarus clarkii at Jaraguá State Park demonstrated conspicuous dietary variability and flexibility. The occurrence of filled stomachs indicates that food resources are not a constriction for this population. The species presented a diversified and adaptable diet, foraging on algae and macrophytes, and preying on different vertebrate and invertebrate taxa. Its trophic plasticity favors successful establishment in invaded areas and summed to its notable voracity, P. clarkii offers a wide, variable and significant interaction in food webs, being able to generate major impacts on native species by its feeding habits.

Although the Brazilian Atlantic Forest and other global biodiversity hotspots are rapidly urbanizing, there is little information on the potential of metropolitan regions to safeguard biodiversity within their reserves. We sampled bird assemblages in nine protected areas (14.8–1058 ha) of the metropolitan region of João Pessoa, Northeast Brazil, to test the hypothesis that larger urban reserves are more effective than smaller ones in protecting the regional species richness, as more habitat and environmental heterogeneity are available for birds. We recorded 126 species belonging to 41 families, including seven endemics and two introduced species. Thraupidae and Tyrannidae were the most representative families with 16 species each. Larger areas clearly protected greater proportion of the regional species richness, but the smaller areas accounted for at least 35.7% of the regional richness. Differences in size and isolation significantly influenced species similarity, but hunting, catching for illegal trade, presence of exotic predators and noise pollution were likely to affect composition as well. The remarkable bird diversity suggests good potential for legal-based, well-planned birdwatching activities in the studied region. The results highlight that urban reserves of any size are valuable for bird conservation in metropolitan regions, though larger ones should be prioritized.

Understanding natural community assembly along elevational gradients has long attracted the attention of ecologists and botanists. Here, we study a tropical local-scale elevational gradient at a dissected mountainous terrain to understand if drivers of tree community variation and assembly patterns are similar to those reported for greater spatial distances and elevational gradients in the Atlantic Forest region. We inventoried trees with Diameter at Breast Height (DBH) ≥5.0 cm in 154 plots (10 × 10 m; 1.54 ha) systematically distributed along a local-scale (<1 km2) steep environmental gradient ranging between 100 and 640 m of elevation (a.s.l.) in southeastern Brazil; we also recorded environmental conditions (litter, soil characteristics and topographic variables) and the geographic coordinates of each plot. We detected 297 species and 61 families. Several species of the tree community displayed relevance (importance values) variation patterns along the elevational gradient. Species richness and diversity levels peaked near the middle of the local-scale elevational gradient. Although there was a strong indication of spatial structure effects, environmental effects were more relevant to explain the patterns of tree community assembly. The evidence supports the presence of a continuous gradual change of dominant tree species and indicates, for the first time, that community variation patterns commonly detected over greater spatial distances and elevational gradients can occur within a local-scale (small spatial distance) elevational gradient of a rough mountainous terrain. Findings help to consolidate that niche-related environmental effects associated to the heterogeneous environment (litter, soil and topography) of a tropical mountainous conservation hotspot can have greater influence than neutral-related spatial effects over tree community assembly from local to regional-scales.

The Atlantic Forest is a global hotspot of biodiversity that may be on the verge of ecological collapse. Current changes in forest legislation have increased the debate concerning policy impacts on land-use and the consequences for biodiversity conservation and ecosystem services provision. This paper evaluates the impact of three environmental policy options (National Forest Act from 1965-NFA65, Business as Usual-BAU, National Forest Act from 2012-NFA12) on land-use patterns and ecosystem services in the southern Atlantic Forest. InVEST (the Integrated Valuation of Environmental Services and Tradeoffs tool) was used to model ecosystem services. Synergies and tradeoffs between commodities, erosion regulation, carbon storage and habitat for biodiversity were assessed with the Spearman Correlation Test. The NFA65 produced the largest gains for forest ecosystem services, while BAU favored commodities expansion. The NFA12 approaches the baseline, contributing less to the provision of ecosystem services and biodiversity conservation.

The Brazilian Atlantic forest is a highly threatened biodiversity hotspot, harboring one of the highest levels of amphibian species richness in the world. Amphibian conservation in Neotropical biomes is critical because freshwater ecosystems typically experience sharp declines in biodiversity before much is known about species that depend on those environments. Environmental DNA (eDNA) analysis is a new approach for monitoring aquatic organisms and provides valuable information on species occurrence in freshwater ecosystems. Here, we assess community diversity in Neotropical streams using eDNA metabarcoding. We compare data from a five-year traditional field survey with results from a short-term eDNA analysis in four streams of the Atlantic forest of southeastern Brazil. We recorded 19 species over 5 years using visual-acoustic methods, of which 10 species are associated with the streams during at least one life stage (egg, tadpole or post-metamorphic). We were able to detect nine of the latter species using eDNA metabarcoding from water samples collected over 4 days. Amphibian community composition as measured by both methods showed high similarity in three streams, but was not perfect, as eDNA failed to detect known species in a fourth stream. Furthermore, in one stream we detected through eDNA metabarcoding a species (Aplastodiscus eugenioi) found only once during the 5-year traditional survey in that stream. Also, three species (Cycloramphus boraceiensis, Hylodes asper, and Hylodes phyllodes) with the highest dependence on aquatic habitat showed the highest number of positive PCR detections on eDNA samples. Our results showed that eDNA metabarcoding can be a useful tool to assess community diversity in tropical streams, and although not perfect in detection, this method can potentially improve our ability to conserve Neotropical amphibians.

The neotropical Atlantic Forest supports one of the highest degrees of species richness and rates of endemism on the planet, but has also undergone a huge forest loss. However, there exists no broad-scale information about the spatial distribution of its remnants that could guide conservation actions, especially when systematic biodiversity data are not available. In this context, our objectives were to quantify how much of the forest still remains, and analyze its spatial distribution. We considered the entire Brazilian Atlantic Forest, and eight sub-regions, defined according to species distribution. The results revealed a serious situation: more than 80% of the fragments are <50 ha, almost half the remaining forest is <100 m from its edges, the average distance between fragments is large (1440 m), and nature reserves protect only 9% of the remaining forest and 1% of the original forest. On the other hand, our estimates of existing Atlantic Forest cover were higher than previous ones (7–8%), ranging from 11.4% to 16%. The differences among estimates are mainly related to our inclusion of intermediate secondary forests and small fragments (<100 ha), which correspond to approximately 32–40% of what remains. We suggest some guidelines for conservation: (i) large mature forest fragments should be a conservation priority; (ii) smaller fragments can be managed in order to maintain functionally linked mosaics; (iii) the matrix surrounding fragments should be managed so as to minimize edge effects and improve connectivity; and (iv) restoration actions should be taken, particularly in certain key areas. The clear differences in the amount remaining and its spatial distribution within each sub-region must be considered when planning for biodiversity conservation.

Documenting the Neotropical amphibian diversity has become a major challenge facing the threat of global climate change and the pace of environmental alteration. Recent molecular phylogenetic studies have revealed that the actual number of species in South American tropical forests is largely underestimated, but also that many lineages are millions of years old. The genera Phyzelaphryne (1 sp.) and Adelophryne (6 spp.), which compose the subfamily Phyzelaphryninae, include poorly documented, secretive, and minute frogs with an unusual distribution pattern that encompasses the biotic disjunction between Amazonia and the Atlantic forest. We generated >5.8 kb sequence data from six markers for all seven nominal species of the subfamily as well as for newly discovered populations in order to (1) test the monophyly of Phyzelaphryninae, Adelophryne and Phyzelaphryne, (2) estimate species diversity within the subfamily, and (3) investigate their historical biogeography and diversification. Phylogenetic reconstruction confirmed the monophyly of each group and revealed deep subdivisions within Adelophryne and Phyzelaphryne, with three major clades in Adelophryne located in northern Amazonia, northern Atlantic forest and southern Atlantic forest. Our results suggest that the actual number of species in Phyzelaphryninae is, at least, twice the currently recognized species diversity, with almost every geographically isolated population representing an anciently divergent candidate species. Such results highlight the challenges for conservation, especially in the northern Atlantic forest where it is still degraded at a fast pace. Molecular dating revealed that Phyzelaphryninae originated in Amazonia and dispersed during early Miocene to the Atlantic forest. The two Atlantic forest clades of Adelophryne started to diversify some 7 Ma minimum, while the northern Amazonian Adelophryne diversified much earlier, some 13 Ma minimum. This striking biogeographic pattern coincides with major events that have shaped the face of the South American continent, as we know it today.

Historic rates of habitat change and growing exploitation of natural resources threaten avian biodiversity in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, a global biodiversity hotspot. We implemented a twostage framework for conservation planning in the Atlantic Forest. First, we used ecological niche modeling to predict the distributions of 23 endemic bird species using 19 climatic metrics and 12 spectral and radar remote sensing metrics. Second, we utilized the principle of complementarity to prioritize new sites to augment the Atlantic Forest's existing reserves. The best predictors of bird distributions were precipitation metrics (the seasonality of rainfall) and radar remote sensing metrics (QSCAT). The existing protected areas do not include 10% of the habitat of each of the 23 endemic species. We propose a more economical set of protected areas by reducing the extent to which new sites duplicate the biodiversity content of existing protected areas. There is a high concordance between the proposed conservation areas that we designed using computerized algorithms and Important Bird Areas prioritized by BirdLife International. Insofar as deforestation in the Atlantic Forest is similar to land conversion in other biodiversity hotspots, our methodology is applicable to conservation efforts elsewhere in the world.

Developing a predictive theory for species responses to habitat fragmentation is a large, complex challenge in conservation biology, and meeting this challenge likely requires tailoring predictions to specific habitats and taxa. We evaluate the effects of fragmentation on forest birds living in three distinct forest ecosystems found in Brazilian Atlantic forest: seasonal semi-deciduous forest (SF), mixed rain forest (MF), and dense rain forest (DF). We test the hypotheses that (1) bird species most prevalent in SF (relative to other habitat types) will be least vulnerable to population declines in fragmented SF, and (2) species with stronger affiliations with DF or MF will be relatively more sensitive to fragmentation in SF. Using an exploratory statistical technique called “Rank Occupancy–Abundance Profiles (ROAPs),” we compared distribution and abundance of birds among large “continuous” areas of each forest type, then compared abundances in continuous SF forests with patterns of abundance in small fragments of SF, where edge effects could play a marked role in population dynamics. Overall, 39 species showed substantially lower local abundance, occupancy, or both in SF fragments versus continuous SF. As predicted, a higher proportion of bird species associated with DF appeared sensitive to fragmentation in SF; by contrast, species most abundant in SF and MF were similarly abundant in fragmented SF. Our study demonstrates how quantifying distribution and abundance in diverse habitats may enhance managers’ ability to incorporate species-specific responses to human disturbances in their conservation plans, and points out ways that even small reserves may have significant conservation value.

Habitat models constitute useful instruments for understanding species-habitat interactions and can constitute helpful conservation tools. The Upper Paraná Atlantic Forest (UPAF) of South America still holds the world’s southernmost jaguar (Panthera onca) population. Our aims were: (i) to test several a priori hypotheses on the factors affecting jaguar persistence in this region, (ii) to map habitat suitability and identify areas with potentially conflicting habitat conditions, and (iii) to identify priority areas for management and improve the conservation initiatives for jaguars and the UPAF. Following an information-theoretic approach, we used presence records of jaguars and pseudo-absences in generalized linear models. We structured hypotheses into two groups which demand different management actions: land cover and human persecution. The best model of each group was used to develop a two-dimensional habitat model. Jaguar persistence was favoured by current and historical native forest cover, and hindered by human land uses. Protection favoured jaguar presence whereas human accessibility and high human population density had negative effects. The two-dimensional model suggests that <8% (20,670 km2) of the landscape represents potential core areas for jaguars (good land-cover characteristics and low human persecution) and 11.8% (32,563 km2) stands as potentially attractive sinks where good land-cover conditions conflict with high human persecution. Reduction of human persecution is urgently needed to increase the core areas for jaguars in this region, but improvement of land-cover conditions is important for sustaining the connectivity among jaguar populations that seem to be isolated in different areas of the UPAF.

Recent global assessments have shown the limited coverage of protected areas across tropical biotas, fuelling a growing interest in the potential conservation services provided by anthropogenic landscapes. Here we examine the geographic distribution of biological diversity in the Atlantic Forest of South America, synthesize the most conspicuous forest biodiversity responses to human disturbances, propose further conservation initiatives for this biota, and offer a range of general insights into the prospects of forest species persistence in human-modified tropical forest landscapes worldwide. At the biome scale, the most extensive pre-Columbian habitats across the Atlantic Forest ranged across elevations below 800 masl, which still concentrate most areas within the major centers of species endemism. Unfortunately, up to 88% of the original forest habitat has been lost, mainly across these low to intermediate elevations, whereas protected areas are clearly skewed towards high elevations above 1200 masl. At the landscape scale, most remaining Atlantic Forest cover is embedded within dynamic agro-mosaics including elements such as small forest fragments, early-to-late secondary forest patches and exotic tree monocultures. In this sort of aging or long-term modified landscapes, habitat fragmentation appears to effectively drive edge-dominated portions of forest fragments towards an early-successional system, greatly limiting the long-term persistence of forest-obligate and forest-dependent species. However, the extent to which forest habitats approach early-successional systems, thereby threatening the bulk of the Atlantic Forest biodiversity, depends on both past and present landscape configuration. Many elements of human-modified landscapes (e.g. patches of early-secondary forests and tree monocultures) may offer excellent conservation opportunities, but they cannot replace the conservation value of protected areas and hitherto unprotected large patches of old-growth forests. Finally, the biodiversity conservation services provided by anthropogenic landscapes across Atlantic Forest and other tropical forest regions can be significantly augmented by coupling biodiversity corridor initiatives with biota-scale attempts to plug existing gaps in the representativeness of protected areas.

Large mammal faunas in tropical forest landscapes are widely affected by habitat fragmentation and hunting, yet the environmental determinants of their patterns of abundance remain poorly understood at large spatial scales. We analysed population abundance and biomass of 31 species of medium to large-bodied mammal species at 38 Atlantic forest sites (including three islands, 26 forest fragments and six continuous forest sites) as related to forest type, level of hunting pressure and forest fragment size using ANCOVAs. We also derived a novel measure of mammal conservation importance for each site based on a “Mammalian Conservation Priority index” (MPi) which incorporates information on species richness, population abundance, body size distribution, conservation status, and forest patch area. Mammal abundance was affected by hunting pressure, whereas mammalian biomass of which was largely driven by ungulates, was significantly influenced by both forest type and hunting pressure. The MPi index, when separated into its two main components (i.e. site forest area and species-based conservation index Ci), ordered sites along a gradient of management priorities that balances species-focused and habitat-focused conservation actions. Areas with the highest conservation priority were located in semi-deciduous forest fragments, followed by lowland forests. Many of these fragments, which are often embedded within large private landholdings including biofuel and citrus or coffee crops, cattle ranches and pulpwood plantations, could be used not only to comply with environmental legislation, but also enhance the prospects for biodiversity conservation, and reduce edge effects and hunting.

Initiatives that establish species rarity as an indicator of conservation priority might be biased if they disregard important evolutionary and adaptive processes taking place in lower diversity communities and ecotones. Conservation policies regarding the Atlantic forest strongly emphasize the core formation (i.e. the rainforest stricto sensu) rather than the marginal habitats (e.g. restingas, swamps, and high altitude campos) and species that are rare/endemic. To discuss this issue I revisit a hypothesis I have forwarded in 2002 that postulates that plant colonization of habitats marginal to the Atlantic rain forests of the State of Rio de Janeiro was largely related to terrestrial nurse plants that originally, in the rainforest habitat, were canopy plants such as epiphytes or hemi-epiphytes. Adaptations to water and nutrient restrictions, typical of life in the canopy, granted success to such plants upon migration to sandy, swampy or rocky substrates in neighbouring areas. Many such species, then, behaved as nurse plants and favoured colonization of these more extreme habitats by a number of other rainforest species. I now review recent evidence that corroborate this hypothesis, while examining the nature of such nurse plants. In all marginal habitats, nurse plants are often highly abundant locally and have high ecophysiological vigour, while both widespread and endemic species are found among them. Thus, nursing effect, local abundance, and ecophysiological performance are not related to species geographic distribution or to their spectrum of habitat preference. Paradoxically, several abundant nurse plant species have low Darwinian fitness. These studies provoke two reflections. First, the Atlantic forest sensu lato, i.e. the core formation plus the peripheral ones, should be treated collectively as a biodiversity hotspot, rather than the core rainforest formation alone. Second, widespread or common species play important functional roles in such marginal habitats and, despite their ubiquity, ecologically they might be less fit than rare/endemic ones at the local level due, for instance, to current constraints to sexual reproduction. Thus, they should also be targeted as conservation priorities.

Payment for ecosystem services (PES) are economic incentives intended to generate conservation benefits, principally on private properties. The global portfolio of PES programs is estimated to represent an annual investment of more than USD $36 billion. Despite this substantial investment, the continued lack of systematic and rigorous impact evaluation of PES has contributed to uncertainty regarding the effectiveness of this tool for conservation. Here, we assessed the ability of two watershed PES programs to promote native forest conservation in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. Those two focal programs are among the most well-established PES programs in Brazil, and form part of a larger network of PES programs intended to protect the drinking water supply of over 19 million people in the São Paulo metropolitan region. Using a counterfactual approach, we examined if enrollment in a PES program contributed to the conservation of on-farm native forest cover. With propensity score matching, we identified a set of neighboring, non-enrolled ‘control’ properties, with similar size, altitude, soil type, demographic density, presence of water sources and forest cover. We then estimated forest cover on enrolled and control properties before and after PES implementation with a differences-in-differences method, modeled as the probability of an observed change in on-farm forest area as a consequence of PES enrollment. We found that PES has a positive effect on forest cover, with PES enrollment over a five-year period associated with an additional 2.8–5.6% of farm area coverage in native Atlantic Forest, through forest regeneration. PES enrollment was associated with a non-significant trend toward decreased loss of vegetation. We discuss the implications of these results for understanding the contribution of PES to additionality in forest conservation. While positive, the relatively slow impact of PES on forest regeneration suggests that environmental managers should not count exclusively on PES mechanism to achieve conservation goals.

It is known that large fragment sizes and high connectivity levels are key components for maintaining species in fragments; however, their relative effects are poorly understood, especially in tropical areas. In order to test these effects, we built models for explaining understory birds occurrence in a fragmented Atlantic Rain Forest landscape with intermediate habitat cover (3%). Data from over 9000 mist-net hours from 17 fragments differing in size (2–175 ha) and connectivity (considering corridor linkages and distance to nearby fragments) were ranked under a model selection approach. A total 1293 individuals of 62 species were recorded. Species richness, abundance and compositional variation were mainly affected by connectivity indices that consider the capacity of species to use corridors and/or to cross short distances up to 30 m through the matrix. Bird functional groups were differently affected by area and connectivity: while terrestrial insectivores, omnivores and frugivores were affected by both area and connectivity, the other groups (understory insectivores, nectarivores, and others) were affected only by connectivity. In the studied landscape, well connected fragments can sustain an elevated number of species and individuals. Connectivity gives the opportunity for individuals to use multiple fragments, reducing the influence of fragment size. While preserving large fragments is a conservation target worldwide and should continue to be, our results indicated that connectivity between fragments can enhance the area functionally connected and is beneficial to all functional groups and therefore should be a conservation priority.

The maned sloth (Bradypus torquatus) is an endangered species endemic to the Atlantic Forest of eastern Brazil. This biome has been reduced to 7% of its original extent and the remaining forests are highly fragmented. We analyzed 70 samples from the largest remnant populations in the states of Bahia, Espírito Santo and Rio de Janeiro to characterize their geographic structure and to produce estimates of genetic diversity. The analysis indicated that the remnant populations are reproductively isolated and extremely divergent. The populations present a very discontinuous distribution, with divergent genetic clusters specific to different geographical regions, probably caused by allopatric fragmentation. This pattern is likely related to Pleistocenic climatic and vegetation changes, and indicates the presence of at least two independent evolutionary units. The analyses also indicate that populations separated by more than 100 km should be considered different management units. Thus, devastation of the Atlantic Forest leads to an unrecoverable loss of genetic diversity in this species. These conclusions should direct conservation actions aimed at preserving the distinctiveness of each evolutionary unit, as well as to preserve the demographic isolation of different management units.

ince 1999, SPVS has been involved in three projects that combine two fundamental goals over the course of 40 years: the conservation of one of Brazil's most important remnants of Atlantic Forest and the implementation of projects for carbon sequestration. In addition, there is an interest in replicating these projects in order to restore other degraded areas, protect the Brazilian biomes, and help to diminish deforestation and forest fire, therefore reducing carbon emissions. The acquisition of 19,000 ha of degraded areas of high biological importance in southern Brazil was the first step towards the implementation of the projects. These areas are owned by SPVS, a Brazilian NGO, and are being restored, conserved and transformed into Private Natural Reserves, in partnership with the NGO – The Nature Conservancy, and financed by the companies – American Electric Power, General Motors and Chevron Texaco. The process of forest restoration involves several stages: soil studies, surveying the region's native plants, planning for restoration by means of a Geographical Information System, production of seedlings, application of different techniques for planting (such as manual or mechanised planting with seedlings and stakes), and biomass and biodiversity monitoring. To guarantee the survival of the seedlings on the planted areas, during the first three years, there is a continuous and systematic maintenance programme including weeding of undergrowth, crowing and organic fertilisation. The three projects already planted around 500,000 seedlings of native species until September 2004, and aim to plant a further 300,000 until 2008.

Brazil has created a market mechanism for compensating past deforestation based on the acquisition of forest surplus from different properties. This mechanism, known in Brazil as the ‘CRA market’, could become the world's largest forest compensation program. The success of this market depends on the specifics of regulations that are yet to come. The objective of this article was to explore three relevant issues to the regulation of a future CRA market within the Atlantic Forest of Minas Gerais state: the balance between supply and demand; incentives for trade in priority areas; and potential policy overlaps between different compensation programs. Based on geospatial evaluations and content analysis of government documents, the study revealed a potential oversupply of CRAs in the Minas Gerais Atlantic Forest, as surplus areas were found to be 2.76 greater than deficit areas. Eventual incentives for trade in priority areas could lessen oversupply, but unfold into sensitive territorial trade-offs. The potential overlap between the CRA market and the existing compensation program of the Atlantic Forest Act, while still unclear, is unlikely to be a very relevant one. Future avenues of research are suggested.

The Brazilian Atlantic Rain Forest biome has been strongly impacted by human action and by various factors related to economic development. The hawkmoth Adhemarius eurysthenes (Sphingidae, Smerinthinae, Ambulycini) is endemic to the southern portion of this biome, with most of its existing populations within Brazil. Using CAD, wingless, and the barcode region of the mitochondrial COI gene, populations of A. eurysthenes were analyzed phylogeographically to obtain information on their genetic structure and variability, and to explain their spatial distribution. We obtained 14 COI haplotypes of 109 individuals from 10 localities. The population in the state of Espírito Santo, southeastern Brazil, showed the highest average genetic distance in relation to other populations. A test of molecular variance using the spatial component (SAMOVA) separated the samples into two groups; again, Espírito Santo was the divergent site. We found no significant correlation between genetic and geographic distances, but did find a tendency toward genetic isolation near the northern limit of the range of A. eurysthenes. We discuss the implementation of the observed patterns for other taxa, in an attempt to support studies on the conservation of Ambulycini in the Atlantic Rain Forest. Espírito Santo proved to be a locality of particular importance for conservation of the endemic Ambulycini in this biome.

Recent developments have highlighted the importance of forest amount at large spatial scales and of matrix quality for ecological processes in remnants. These developments, in turn, suggest the potential for reducing biodiversity loss through the maintenance of a high percentage of forest combined with sensitive management of anthropogenic areas. We conducted a multi-taxa survey to evaluate the potential for biodiversity maintenance in an Atlantic forest landscape that presented a favorable context from a theoretical perspective (high proportion of mature forest partly surrounded by structurally complex matrices). We sampled ferns, butterflies, frogs, lizards, bats, small mammals and birds in interiors and edges of large and small mature forest remnants and two matrices (second-growth forests and shade cacao plantations), as well as trees in interiors of small and large remnants. By considering richness, abundance and composition of forest specialists and generalists, we investigated the biodiversity value of matrix habitats (comparing them with interiors of large remnants for all groups except tree), and evaluated area (for all groups) and edge effects (for all groups except trees) in mature forest remnants. Our results suggest that in landscapes comprising high amounts of mature forest and low contrasting matrices: (1) shade cacao plantations and second-growth forests harbor an appreciable number of forest specialists; (2) most forest specialist assemblages are not affected by area or edge effects, while most generalist assemblages proliferate at edges of small remnants. Nevertheless, differences in tree assemblages, especially among smaller trees, suggest that observed patterns are unlikely to be stable over time.

Tropical vegetation provides a myriad of ecosystem services and at the same time is highly threatened. This creates a demand for more efficient conservation strategies that focus on multiple benefits at once. For instance, conservation actions that deliver returns for both aboveground carbon (AGC) and tree species diversity (TSD) would be an advance when compared to carbon-focused initiatives. Here we address this issue by identifying AGC-TSD hotspots in Savanna, Atlantic Forest and Semi-Arid Woodland vegetation domains in southeast Brazil. We modelled Fisher’s alpha as an indicator of TSD, using remote sensing, climate and terrain-related data to train the random forests algorithm. We thus defined, mapped and characterized the areas that deliver returns for both AGC and TSD (“hotspots”), identifying the hotspots owners (whether within public or private lands). Our results suggest that among the group of predictor variables, precipitation, valley depth, Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and tree cover percent, are the main indicators of diversity across the state. The spatial patterns of carbon and diversity roughly coincide and indicate that Atlantic Forest has higher values for both indicators. AGC and TSD are weak related, so there is a potential risk for biodiversity if only a carbon-focused conservation approaches are considered across the studied domains. We estimate that 61% of the hotspots are located in unprotected areas within private properties making them highly susceptible to loss. Together, these hotspots account for 6,131,453 Mg of AGC and show mean values of Fisheŕs alpha of approximately 26. Our study reinforces the need to select natural areas on private lands to be considered as priority areas for protection..

The jacutinga Pipile jacutinga was formerly one of the most abundant game bird cracids in the Atlantic forest of Brazil. Nowadays this species is vulnerable to extinction due to hunting and habitat loss. The ecology of the jacutinga was studied at Parque Estadual Intervales, São Paulo, Brazil from October 1993 to December 1995 and in adjacent areas. Jacutingas were observed to feed mainly on the sugar-rich fruit of 41 species. We recorded a low index of abundance for the jacutinga (0·018) or c.1·7 birds/km2 at Intervales, one of the best protected areas within their range. Surveys carried out in the Atlantic forest of São Paulo found jacutinga populations in 14 localities. Probably < 1500 birds survive in the best protected areas. The species' stronghold in southeastern Brazil is in the mountains of Serra de Paranapiacaba, an area protected by several parks suffering from hunting and palm heart harvesting and threatened by a hydroelectric project.

To achieve sustainable forest management, forests scientists and managers require ecological data such as tree size, growth rate, wood density, species abundance and forest structure. Lack of specific knowledge on these features may compromise the sustainable use of natural resources. Considering tree species, wood density may be considered as the most integrative trait, usually associated with two major growth syndromes, setting apart pioneer and climax species, and driving potential uses of wood. Therefore, we chose this trait as an indicator for the scientific knowledge level about Atlantic Forest tree species, under the assumption that it is an impediment for their management and conservation. We use Logistic Regression models to test if wood density is less known (i) due to species restricted distribution, (ii) due to species abundance, and/or (iii) species unknown use value. As an alternative to fill this gap we test if it is possible to predict wood density from related species using a null model. We could not find any wood density record for 73.4% of the studied species. We also detected a consistent spatial bias with collection data closer to research centers than expected by chance. Also, larger distribution area and more recognized use value of a given species is associated with a higher chance of having wood density records in the literature. It was possible to use available knowledge about wood density of related species in a genus for 15 of the 57 studied genera. Our results show that, besides the lack of information on wood density, there is uncertainty about the capability of the existent data to express trait variability for Atlantic Forest trees. Therefore, to ensure adequate wood supply and species conservation it is imperative to fill knowledge gaps on wood density in the Atlantic Forest.

Achieving ambitious global restoration commitments is a huge challenge. The Atlantic Forest Restoration Pact, created in 2009 as a movement to restore 15 Mha of degraded/deforested lands by 2050, pledged 1 Mha towards the 2020 Bonn Challenge. We documented the restoration of an estimated 673,510–740,555 ha of native forests from 2011 to 2015 in the Atlantic Forest, and expect that a total of 1.35–1.48 Mha will be under recovery by 2020. The Pact is one of the first Brazilian restoration initiatives to monitor an international restoration commitment and to demonstrate that ambitious targets can be reached. Part of this success in large-scale restoration is related to three main Pact activities: (i) development of restoration governance, communication and articulation; (ii) promotion of strategies to influence public policies; and (iii) establishment of restoration monitoring systems. The experience and lessons learned by the Pact could inspire and inform other restoration initiatives worldwide.

Inselbergs support highly specialized vegetation with many endemic species. Here we studied by an integrated approach a rare and threatened species from Brazilian inselbergs. Pitcairnia encholirioides (Bromeliaceae) is included in the Red Book of Brazilian Flora, in the ‘Endangered’ category. Only one single population on unprotected private property was known at the beginning of our study. We studied several life-history traits including clonal growth, reproductive biology, seed germination and cryopreservation, and genetic diversity. Pitcairnia encholirioides has the phalanx type of clonal growth strategy. Its self-incompatible flowers are successfully pollinated by hummingbirds. However, less than 5% of clonal fragments produced flowers. Seeds can be wind-dispersed, but most of them are dispersed by gravity and fall close to the mother plant. The percentage and speed of germination were significantly affected by different temperatures, water potential, and red:far-red light ratios, although more than 80% of seeds germinated under optimal physiological conditions. The genetic diversity was very low (Hsp = 0.09) and the population was highly structured (ΦST = 0.51). The combination of dispersal mode and environmental conditions seems to be the main factor leading to the rarity of P. encholiroides. Low genetic diversity combined with small population size and low reproductive capacity suggest that the species is highly susceptible to environmental disturbance. Similarly to P. encholiroides, many species from Brazilian inselbergs are restricted to only a few localities. For more widely distributed species, a higher genetic diversity among populations has been consistently detected. The pattern of low gene flow of many species with small distributions highlight the importance of population-based conservation strategies for such taxa the areas of occurrence of which being naturally fragmented at inselberg sites. We discuss some strategies that may help in conservation of such species.

The extinction of frugivores has been considered one of the main drivers of the disruption of important ecological processes, such as seed dispersal. Many defaunated forests are too small to restore function by reintroducing large frugivores, such as tapirs or Ateline monkeys, and the long-term fate of large-seeded plants in these areas is uncertain. However, such small fragments still host many species and play relevant ecosystem services. Here, we explore the use of two tortoise species, the red-footed tortoise (Chelonoidis carbonarius) and the yellow-footed tortoise (Chelonoidis denticulatus), as ecological substitutes for locally extinct large seed dispersers in small forest patches in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. We employed prior knowledge on the known occurrences of Chelonoidis species and used ecological niche modeling (ENM) to identify forest patches for tortoise rewilding. Based on habitat suitability, food availability and conservation co-benefits, we further refined our analysis and identified that the more suitable areas for tortoise reintroduction are forest patches of northern Atlantic Forest, areas with high defaunation intensity. Giant tortoises have been used to restore lost ecological services in island ecosystems. We argue that reintroducing relatively smaller tortoises is an easy-to-use/control conservation measure that could be employed to partially substitute the seed dispersal services of extinct large disperser species, mitigating the negative cascading effects of defaunation on reducing plant diversity.

The central Andean rainforests and the Atlantic Forest are separated by the Chaco and the Cerrado domains. Despite this isolation, diverse evidence suggests that these rainforests have been connected in the past. However, little is known about the timing and geographic positions of these connections, as well as their effects on diversification of species. In this study, we used the Black-goggled Tanager (Trichothraupis melanops, Thraupidae) as a model to study whether the Andean and the Atlantic forests have acted as a refugia system, and to evaluate biogeographic hypotheses of diversification and connection between these rainforests. We compared alternative biogeographic scenarios by using Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC), modeled range shifts across time, and assessed niche divergence between regions. The results indicated that the major phylogeographic gap within T. melanops is located between these rainforests. The ABC analysis supported peripatric diversification, with initial dispersal from the Atlantic Forest to the Andes during the Mid-Pleistocene. Also, the results supported an Andean-Atlantic forests connection through the current Cerrado-Chaco transition, linking the southern Atlantic Forest with the central Andes. Our findings, taken together with other studies, support that the connection between these biomes has been recurrent, and that has occurred mostly through the Cerrado and/or the Cerrado-Chaco transition. The data also support that the connection dynamic has played an important role in the biological diversification, by promoting peripatric divergence in some forest taxa restricted to both biomes.

New remote sensing data on vegetation cover and restoration opportunities bring hope to the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, one of the hottest of the 36 global biodiversity hotspots. Available estimates of remaining vegetation cover in the biome currently range from 11% to 16%. However, our new land-cover map, prepared at the highest resolution ever (5 m), reveals a current vegetation cover of 28%, or 32 million hectares (Mha) of native vegetation. Simultaneously, we found 7.2 Mha of degraded riparian areas, of which 5.2 Mha at least must be restored before 2038 by landowners for legislation compliance. Restoring the existing legal debt could increase native vegetation cover in the Atlantic Forest up to 35%. Such effort, if well planned and implemented, could reduce extinction processes by increasing connectivity of vegetation remnants and rising total native cover to above the critical biodiversity threshold established for different taxonomic groups. If undertaken, this process can be adaptive to climate change and boost sustainable development in this most populous biome in Brazil, turning it into a hopespot.

Tree planting is the most widely used technique for tropical forest restoration because it accelerates the recovery of forest structure and ecosystem functioning. Despite the importance of tree size distribution to the ecological function and habitat quality of restored forests, it has received little attention. Here we ask if the structure of reference forests has been recovered by planting tree seedlings and discuss the implications of skewed tree-size distributions for sustainability of restored forests. We sampled 11 tropical forest sites that had undergone restoration for between 16 and 53 years after planting tree seedlings and nine reference ecosystems (old-growth, secondary and degraded forests) in Brazilian Atlantic forest, and compared them by the abundance of individuals in five diameter classes. Restored forests presented 83% greater abundance of large trees (>20 cm DBH), 41% lower abundance of saplings (1 ≤ DBH < 5 cm) and 43% lower abundance of small trees (5 ≤ DBH < 10 cm). The abundance of smaller individuals (DBH < 1 cm), however, did not differ between restored and reference forests, indicating successful colonization of the understorey. Low mortality in the large class (DBH ≥ 20 cm) results in excess of big trees, which constrains recruitment of small plants to the intermediate size classes, likely due to asymmetric competition for light. The excess of large trees demonstrates that gap dynamics can take longer to naturally re-establish in these even-aged forests, likely due to the high density of long-lived trees planted at the same time. Thinning may be a possible adaptive-management strategy to reduce the density of big trees and stimulate recruitment of intermediate size classes.

In general, habitat fragmentation is associated with a reduction in gene flow that can reduce the genetic diversity, and, consequently, a species ability to survive environmental changes. The white-lipped peccary (Tayassu pecari) is a Neotropical ecosystem engineer that is vulnerable throughout its distribution area and under different degrees of threat in the Brazilian Pantanal (near threatened), Cerrado (endangered) and Atlantic Forest (critically endangered). We used 13 microsatellite loci to assess the genetic diversity and population structure of 361 white-lipped peccaries sampled in four areas in the Pantanal, two areas in the Cerrado, and one area in the Atlantic Forest. We found similar levels of genetic diversity in all localities. Bayesian clustering analysis indicated the presence of two (K = 2; all Pantanal localities plus the Cerrado locality at the Pantanal highlands versus the other Cerrado locality plus the Atlantic Forest one) or three (K = 3; with the additional differentiation between the Cerrado locality and the Atlantic Forest) genetically differentiated populations. We found a pattern of isolation by distance (IBD) limited by dispersal events of up to 180 km. This IBD pattern is congruent with gene flow between the geographically closer localities in the Pantanal and the Cerrado in the Pantanal highlands (25–137 km), while dispersal between the other Cerrado locality and the Atlantic Forest, that are 500 km apart, would not be as feasible. Therefore, we considered K = 3 as the best scenario to represent the genetic structure of the populations analyzed. As all populations of white-lipped peccary showed moderate levels of genetic diversity, conservation actions are recommended to maintain their diversity, as it is vital to the long-term viability of these populations, especially those in more threatened biomes.

The assessment of environmental communities may lead to the identification of the novel or not-yet-classified organisms. Few studies have focused on the meiofauna of poorly known habitats such as native soils in subtropical forests. We surveyed eukaryotic communities inhabiting soil in an unexplored area of a native Atlantic Forest in southern Brazil using high-throughput sequencing. We analyzed a total of 281,400 sequences using V4 and V9 hypervariable regions of 18S rRNA gene. Opisthokonta was the most abundant supergroup, with Fungi and Metazoa representing an average of 40.6% and 15.8% of the sequences, respectively. Among the metazoan, Nematoda was the second most abundant phylum (4.8%). Isolation and morphological assessment 1745 specimens of nematodes, classified by functional feeding groups as plant parasites (35%), bacterial feeders (30%), omnivores (7%) and predators (5%). Specimens belonged to the class Chromadorea (89.6%) and Enoplea (10.4%).Approximately 65% of them could be morphologically classified only to order level. Results identified a considerable number of newly or still uncharacterized nematodes in soil biota in Atlantic Forest soils. Furthermore, this is the first study in this subtropical area to show that both high throughput sequencing and morphology can give complementary indications of the diversity of nematodes in soil samples.

The subtropical Atlantic Forest is a highly diverse ecosystem in South America and one of the most endangered rain forests in the world. The present study focuses specifically on the Paraguayan part of the tri-national Atlantic Forest. Over the last decades, the Paraguayan Atlantic Forest presented one of the highest deforestation rates in the world, and today, only a small share remains. Hence, forest loss in Paraguay's Atlantic Forest was detected and analysed through remote sensing and GIS methodologies based on Landsat images obtained in 2003 and 2013. The objective of this study was to examine the spatial impact of forest loss in Paraguay's Atlantic Forest over the past decade with a special focus on biodiversity conservation. Classifications results obtained overall accuracies above 83% and revealed that over 6000 km2 of forest was cleared during the study period. The forest landscape and its fragmentation level were characterised through a set of landscape metrics, in particular the proximity analysis which support the identification of forest priority areas for nature conservation and potential biological corridors. In summary, the study revealed that deforestation and fragmentation of the Atlantic Forest area continued, but at a slower pace than that in the previous decade. Protected areas were conserved very effectively; however, forest core areas without any protection status require further attention. Intact forest patches and their connectivity are a crucial prerequisite to biodiversity conservation in a highly fragmented forest area. The combination of different remote sensing and GIS methods provides valuable information for sustainable forest management in the region.

The natural regeneration management is a good strategy of ecological restoration of the Atlantic Forest, one of the most devastated biomes on the planet. However, the frequent occurrence of wildfires is one of the challenges to the success of this method. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of wildfires on forest dynamics in Atlantic Forest. The studied area was explored during the coffee cycle when plantations replaced primary forests. We used remote sensing data to analyze the forest dynamics over a period of 50 years (1966–2016). We used the INPE burn database to find the occurrence of hot spots from 1998 to 2016. During this period, we selected the years most affected by the fires for the identification of fire scars using the Normalized Burn Ratio spectral index. From this set of information, we used the methodology of weights of evidence to relate forest dynamics and wildfire events with biophysical and anthropic variables. The results showed that in 1966 the forest area accounted for 8.01% of the land cover, and in 2016 this number rose to 18.55% due to the spontaneous natural regeneration process. The regenerating areas were mainly related to the proximity of the remaining fragments and the portions of the landscape receiving the least amount of global solar radiation. The proximity to urban areas, roads and highways, damaged regeneration and favored both deforestation and wildfire events. Fire scars preferentially occur where there is greater sun exposure. It is possible to observe a negative correlation between the natural regeneration process and the fire scars. We concluded that fire severity is one of the factors that shape the landscape of the region while slowing the regeneration process in preferential areas.

Surveying the diversity of stinging wasps (Hymenoptera: Aculeata) provides an important information base to assist in biodiversity conservation and the management of forest reserves, as wasps depend on and maintain the population balance of several other groups of insects. In accordance, this paper presents an altitudinal survey of wasps (Hymenoptera, Aculeata, Vespidae) in Itatiaia National Park, Brazil, which is a protected area covered by Atlantic Forest in a mountainous landscape, with altitudes ranging between 540 and 2791 metres above sea level. Six altitudinal zones were sampled with entomological net, and the abundance and diversity of the species were indicated by zones. Field sampling took 288 h of discontinuous activity, which was randomly conducted from December 2012 to December 2013. A total of 398 individuals belonging to 29 species and two subfamilies (Eumeninae and Polistinae) were sampled. Eight species are new records for the state of Rio de Janeiro. We found a monotonic decrease in wasp diversity in relation to altitude, and the number of captured individuals differed significantly between the low and high altitudes.

The Brazilian coastal plains comprise very different forest types commonly distinguished by soil conditions. The study of distinct life-forms in the herb layer might contribute to the understanding of forest structure and to the circumscription of forest types. In this paper, we investigated the variation in composition and diversity of the herb layer in three coastal forest types (Dune, Peat and Rain forests) within the Brazilian Atlantic Forest complex and examined if coastal forests’ differences, usually characterized by adult trees, are matched by herb layer features. We sampled the herb layer (≤1 m in height) in 23 forest fragments, classifying species in climbers, herbs, palms, shrubs and trees. Peat forest had lower overall diversity relative to Dune and Rain forests. Higher tree species richness and abundance in Rain forest, and higher herbaceous richness and abundance in Peat forest were the major differences between these forest types. Dune forest was similar to Peat forest in relation to herbaceous species and to Rain forest in relation to tree species indicating a transition environment between both forests. Composition between forests is distinguishable for trees and shrubs, but not for climbers and herbaceous species. Thus, the distinctions among these forest types are complex when taking into account the herb layer. Our findings demonstrate the importance of including the herb layer life-forms for a better understanding of the diversity and complexity of tropical and subtropical forests, especially the Atlantic coastal forests, which should be primarily classified as flooded and non-flooded at a regional scale.

Primary production (PP) is a fundamental ecosystem function that influences several ecosystem services. However, little is known about how changes in landscape structure resulting from agricultural expansion affects forest and cropland production. We investigated the effect of landscape composition and configuration on the PP of forests and sugarcane crops in an old agricultural frontier of the Brazilian Atlantic forest. Using satellite images and a comprehensive dataset of vegetation indices that are proxies of PP (NDVI and EVI), we sampled 1201-km2 landscapes during the rainy and dry seasons of 2011–2016. In each landscape we quantified the indices, the percentage of sugarcane crops, the density of forest edges, and the number of forest patches. The NDVI and EVI of the entire landscape were negatively influenced by the percentage of croplands in both seasons and weakly affected by edge density and number of forest patches. When analyzing the NDVI of forests and croplands separately, both were negatively affected by the percentage of croplands. This indicates that forests and croplands are less productive in more deforested landscapes. The spatial variability of NDVI and EVI within the landscapes, estimated with coefficients of variation, was not affected by landscape attributes. Our findings indicate that landscape composition (i.e. forest cover) is more important than spatial configuration in determining the PP of forest and sugarcane crops, reinforcing the need to conserve forests in agricultural landscapes. We recommend reducing deforestation, restoring abandoned fields, protecting forest remnants and avoiding forest fragmentation to sustain more productive environmental-friendly agricultural landscapes.

Mammals play innumerous ecological functions in terrestrial ecosystems and are in decline in the Atlantic Forest. Using a biogeography approach with tools to analyze metacommunities, this study aimed to understand how mammal diversity would vary spatiotemporally across the Atlantic Forest. Secondary data about mammal communities was obtained using search engines. A nestedness analysis and spatial autocorrelations were used to evaluate the spatial patterns of richness. Metacommunity models were used based on species-neutral diversity to measure partitioning and estimate and compare diversity at different spatial and temporal scales, and regression models were made to evaluate the diversity variation obtained in relation to biogeographical predictors. The richness of mammals had intermediary nestedness and a spatial autocorrelation. We obtained high beta diversity for the entire Atlantic Forest, which was similar to simulated values and decreased at smaller spatial and temporal scales. The diversity of medium- to large-bodied mammals along the Atlantic Forest is composed of a nested summary of local to regional diversities, yet the tropical region was very important to the composition of the overall diversity. The different multiscale approaches and results may contribute to better understanding the diversity of medium- to large-bodied mammal communities and how they vary in the Atlantic Forest. Both the neutral paradigm and other metacommunity paradigms have complementary strengths in species diversity at several scales. We conclude that conservation strategies should consider all scales in the Atlantic Forest, because the diversity of mammals is dependent both the local and regional pool of mammals. Some of the most important standing issues are to find out whether dispersal across regional landscapes occurs for most species and, if it does, to ensure that this is maintained or increased, to maintain species diversity and ecological processes.

This study aims to map the spatial distribution of Atlantic cloud forest and assess its protection status in the Serra da Mantiqueira, southeastern Brazil, using a combination of predictive distribution modelling and remote sensing techniques. The potential distribution of cloud forests in the Serra da Mantiqueira was predicted using a combination of three algorithms for different environmental variables, including climatic, hydrometeorological, a topographic variable and a fog-related variable. After estimating the potential cloud forest distribution, remote sensing mapping techniques were used to approximate actual cloud forest area. Four land-use classes were distinguished: cloud forest, plantation forest, a ‘high-altitude complex’, and ‘other covers’. Actual mapped cloud forest areas were compared with locations of existing protected areas to assess the status of regional cloud forest protection. Predicted cloud forest distribution was excellent, with conditions above 1500 m.a.s.l. generally the most suitable for cloud forest occurrence. Actual cloud forest occurrence mapped with remote sensing imagery was 52% of the predicted potential area with differences likely due to past forest loss and the presence of non-forest (‘high-altitude complex’) vegetation. Much of the mapped cloud forest area is under nominal protection, with most areas falling into the ‘Protected Area with Sustainable Use of Natural Resources’ category. The combined use of predictive distribution modelling and remotely sensed observations successfully mapped cloud forest extent in the study area. The results reinforce the need to assign high conservation priority to the Serra da Mantiqueira as a whole and to create a core area with full protection status.

The creation of forest edges promotes a drastic extirpation of forest-dependent species across tropical fragmented landscapes. Yet, this loss of forest-dependent species can be compensated by the proliferation of disturbance-adapted species (winner-loser replacement) maintaining community-level attributes in altered habitats. Here, we test whether this replacement reflects a sort of compensatory dynamics, which alters patterns of species richness, abundance, ecological composition and β-diversity (multiplicative diversity decompositions of Hill numbers) of fruit-feeding butterflies between non-disturbed and disturbed habitats in two fragmented landscapes of the Brazilian Atlantic forest. Additionally, we examined the determinants of these compensatory dynamics analyzing the effects of patch (core area and edge density) and landscape structure (proximity index) on these community-level attributes. Our results show that (1) habitat loss and fragmentation can in fact reorganize natural communities (i.e., altering community level attributes) by favoring disturbance-adapted species, while negatively impacting forest dependent species; (2) disturbed habitats showed more species and individuals than non-disturbed habitats with a clear segregation in terms of species composition; (3) disturbed habitats exhibited lower β-diversity than non-disturbed habitats regarding dominant species, and (5) core area (positively) and edge density (negatively) were significantly related to forest-dependent species (in terms of abundance and diversity). Thus, our results indicate that compensatory dynamics is extrapolating the threshold of edge-affected habitats and highlight that the conservation value of human-modified landscapes depends on the nature of the ecological groups responsible for the increased β-diversity.

We present a novel and simpler way to measure human influence: the cellphone coverage. Besides, we also evaluated its influence in the probability of occurrence of medium and large wild mammals in Brazilian Atlantic Forest, as a study case. As a first step, we have demonstrated the correlation between cellphone coverage and human footprint globally, using a database of >23 million antennas. Then, we have carefully studied the correspondence between the presence of a species and the cellphone coverage for 45 species of medium and large mammals of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. We recorded 18,211 points of presence of mammals, and their probability of being under cellphone coverage was on average very low (18%). Most of the species showed a clear negative relationship with cellphone coverage, and threatened species presented an even lower probability, of at least 4% when compared with non-threatened ones. The strong positive relationship between cellphone coverage and the Human Footprint gradient at a global scale corroborated our a priori hypothesis that cellphone coverage can act as a surrogate for human presence, even in forested areas were no other footprint evidence is easily detectable.

The Atlantic Forest is an intensely fragmented and globally important ecological hotspot. In this context, the objective of this study was to analyze the landscape ecology and submit proposals for creating ecological corridors (ECs) in a Brazilian Atlantic Forest region. Landscape ecology metrics, based on the forest fragments map, were used for the analysis. Suggested corridors were based on least-cost path analysis, considering land use, declivity, permanent preservation areas (PPAs), and forest fragment sizes. Although the predominant class sizes in the study area are small fragments, landscape ecology analysis has shown good environmental quality for fragments larger than 100 ha that do not lose their central area, even for the largest edge distances. Four ECs were proposed, with an average length of 53.86 km, average width of 5.39 km, and average area of 28,786.32 ha. Land use conflicts showed that the fragments within the corridors were situated in a matrix dominated by grassland. PPAs within the proposed corridors were dominated by misused land and did not comply with environmental legislation. The proposed corridors were efficient in using the largest fragments, which have the least edge effect and provide necessary support for most wildlife. However, we emphasize that other factors can influence the delimiting of ECs; additional studies are required to obtain more effective ECs to connect habitats. The proposed methodology can be applied to other Brazilian and global ecoregion.

Human land use has extensively degraded ecosystems, leading to biodiversity losses and reducing the provision of ecosystem services (ES). Agroforestry systems have been recommended as a cost-effective strategy that integrates production and biodiversity conservation, yet few studies have quantified the capacity of agroforestry systems to conserve biodiversity and ES provision. Here we quantify the effects of different types of agroforestry systems on biodiversity and ES in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. We compared values of biodiversity and ES in different agroforestry systems with those found in conventional production systems and in old-growth forests (reference ecosystem). We assessed 72 studies encompassing 143 study sites and 1700 quantitative comparisons. In general, agroforestry and conventional production systems had lower values of mean effect size for biodiversity and ES provision than the reference systems. However, biodiverse agroforestry systems had higher values of mean effect size for biodiversity and ES provision than simple agroforestry systems and conventional production systems. The use of biodiverse agroforestry systems as an alternative production system reduces biodiversity loss and the negative impact on ES in production areas. Agroforestry systems provide up to 45% and 65% more benefits for biodiversity and ES levels, respectively, than conventional production systems; however, these benefits differ according to the type of agroforestry system. Our findings provide empirical evidence that a biodiverse agroforestry system is the best option to enhance biodiversity and ES in degraded areas where production systems based on sustainable management of natural resources are allowed by law. Our results support environmental public policies focused on environmentally-friendly land management practice and forest landscape restoration techniques.

The Brazilian Atlantic Forest is widely recognized for its high levels of biodiversity and endemism. Its vast region concentrates also a large number of small farmers, who historically have been practicing swidden-fallow cultivation. Globally, there is contradictory evidence of the current fate of this traditional, integrated agricultural system, and the new land uses may have a strong impact on farmers’ livelihoods and ecosystem conservation. In this study, we assessed the land cover and land use change in a watershed where slash-and-burn cultivation was prevalent, aiming at understanding the drivers of change and discussing past and possible future impacts, including the perception of farmers on the drivers of land use change. We combined information gathered from interviews with 15 key informant farmers and from the analysis of remote sensing images for the years 1957, 1978 and 2011. Swidden-fallow cultivation has declined steadily since the 1950s. Part of the land was abandoned and forest succession was allowed to occur, increasing the total forest area; an apparently positive outcome. However, conversion to pastures and Eucalyptus plantations not only used much of the open land but also converted successional forests through deforestation, based on remote sensing. The willingness of farmers to grow more Eucalyptus and raise more cattle further increases concerns about the prospect for conservation. Our approach, combining remote sensing-based land change quantification and interviews, revealed to be complementary, allowing a better understanding of the past and possible future scenarios for the land use dynamics.

The approach to carbon sequestration by ecosystems is critical to mitigating the damage and consequences of their effects at regional and global levels. Thus, this study was based on the hypothesis that Atlantic Forest regions have a relevant capacity of atmospheric carbon absorption. For this purpose, the Gross Primary Production data provided by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer sensor onboard the Earth-orbiting platform and its relationship with the climatic variables of the Itatiaia National Park were analyzed. The year 2015 presented the highest means of Gross Primary Production for the dry and rainy period when compared to 2005 and 2010, with values ranging from 7 g C m−2 d−1 to 8 g C m−2 d−1. The highest negative trends were for temperature in the dry season of 2005 (Z = −0.29), rainfall in the dry period of 2010 (Z = −0.36) and 2015 in the annual and dry season (Z = −0.23 and −0.38). There was no significant trend of Gross Primary Production in the Itatiaia National Park. The land use and occupation classes that stand out with the highest values of mean Gross Primary Production are Dense Ombrophylous High-Montane Forest (9.98 g C m−2 d−1) and Dense Montane Forest (9.09 g C m−2 d−1). Temperature is the environmental factor of greatest variation among the seasons in the Itatiaia National Park region. The results of this study present relevant importance and contribution to the sustainable management of the Itatiaia National Park and subsidize programs that help in the recovery of uncharacterized areas of the Atlantic Forest.

Along many decades, protected environments were targeted by the scientific community for ecological research and for the collection of scientific information related to environmental aspects and biodiversity. However, most of the territory in hotspot regions with weak or even non legal protection has been left aside. These non-protected areas (NPA) could host high biodiversity values. This paper addresses how scientific effort on a NPA (CIAR) of 700 ha from the Atlantic Rain Forest, generates new information and tools for large-scale environmental and biodiversity management in NPAs. Information published during the last decade was summarized and complemented with subsequent novel data about biodiversity (new species, first records, DNA and chemical analyses, etc.). The results showed: 1 new genus (arachnid), 6 new species and several putative new species (fish and arthropod), 6 vulnerable species (bird and mammal) and 36 first records for Argentina (fish, arthropod, platyhelminth and fungi). When compared with protected natural areas of the same biome, the CIAR showed highly valuable aspects for fauna and environment conservation, positioning this NPA as a worldwide hotspot for some taxa. Indeed, when compared to international hotspots in a coordinated Malaise trap program, the CIAR showed 8,651 different barcode index numbers (∼species) of arthropods, 80% of which had not been previously barcoded. Molecules like Inoscavin A, with antifungal activity against phytopathogens, was isolated for the first time in Phellinus merrillii fungi. The study of major threats derived from anthropic activities measured 20 trace elements, 18 pesticides (i.e. endosulfans, chlorpyrifos, DDTs, HCHs) and 27 pharmaceuticals and drugs (i.e. benzoylecgonine and norfluoxetine) in different biotic and abiotic matrices (water, sediment, fish and air biomonitors). This integrated data analysis shows that biodiversity research in NPA is being undervalued and how multidisciplinary and multi-taxa surveys creates a new arena for research and a pathway towards sustainable development in emerging countries with biodiversity hotspots.

Studies at multiple scales are essential to obtaining a holistic view of bee conservation. We aimed to detect the main factors that should be considered in a multiple-scale approach for small forest patches in order to contribute to the conservation plans for stingless bees. The study was conducted in small forest patches of the Atlantic Forest, in the municipality of Salto de Pirapora (SP, Brazil). The spatial analysis was developed based on forest patch size, forest patch core size, distance from the nearest forest patch, and distance from the nearest body of water. Based on these criteria, we selected three hotspot forest patches (including all criteria that favor the presence of stingless bees with arboreal nesting habits) and three control forest patches (which does not fulfill all these criteria), and we evaluated the presence of stingless bees based on the occupation of artificial shelters installed in the patches. From the 72 installed artificial shelters, we observed 27 shelters (37.5%) carrying some association with stingless bees presence. Bees showed a preference for occupying artificial shelters that were located in the patches’ cores (66.7%). The structure and composition of the vegetation showed great importance to the occupation of the artificial shelters, as there was a strong correlation between the occupied shelters and the diameter and the height of the trees. There was also a correlation between the presence of grasses and shrubs (p < 0.05), which were the main providers of floral resources. The data of the land cover was an essential factor for the development of spatial analysis, and we found a strong negative correlation with pastures and a positive correlation with forestry (p < 0.05). To elaborate multiscale approaches, it is essential to evaluate the quality of foraging (amount of flowers) and nesting (diameter and height of trees) resources, as well as the surroundings of the patches. The study provided data so that the information can be extrapolated to other scenarios and encourage the conservation of small forest patches as a strategy for the conservation of stingless bees.

Forest monitoring is essential to maintain the integrity of protected areas, which has become a more pressing issue due to anthropogenic pressures and global climate change. Birds are widely used for this purpose, and as bird diversity is correlated with acoustic indices, it has been suggested that sounds can be used as an ecological indicator of ecosystem complexity and environmental changes. However, previous studies yield controversial results. Thus, we evaluated the effectiveness of six acoustic indices compared with the results obtained from a traditional point-counts survey for forest monitoring in an Atlantic rainforest fragment in Southern Bahia, Brazil. We also determined differences between acoustic indices calculated in the presence and absence of the researcher in the field to quantify the bias caused by human presence during data collection. There was a moderate correlation between the number of bird species just with the acoustic evenness index, from the six acoustic indices evaluated. We also determined that the presence of the researcher in the field at the point-count survey caused bias in acoustic indices. Therefore, more research must be done with autonomous recording units and the acoustic indices before they can be widely adopted for monitoring purposes in complex and diverse habitats such as the Atlantic tropical rainforest.

Models to predict tree survival and mortality can help to understand vegetation dynamics and to predict effects of climate change on native forests. The objective of the present study was to use Artificial Neural Networks, based on the competition index and climatic and categorical variables, to predict tree survival and mortality in Semideciduous Seasonal Forests in the Atlantic Forest biome. Numerical and categorical trees variables, in permanent plots, were used. The Agricultural Reference Index for Drought (ARID) and the distance-dependent competition index were the variables used. The overall efficiency of classification by ANNs was higher than 92% and 93% in the training and test, respectively. The accuracy for classification and number of surviving trees was above 99% in the test and in training for all ANNs. The classification accuracy of the number of dead trees was low. The mortality accuracy rate (10.96% for training and 13.76% for the test) was higher with the ANN 4, which considers the climatic variable and the competition index. The individual tree-level model integrates dendrometric and meteorological variables, representing a new step for modeling tree survival in the Atlantic Forest biome.

Most spatial conservation prioritisations being implemented across the globe are based on static approaches to conservation planning. These use snapshots of systems to support decision-making. However, ignoring the dynamic nature of systems can result in misleading spatial prioritisations and missed opportunities to encourage participation in conservation programmes. Using a modelling approach, we show that integrating economic and ecological feedbacks into conservation planning improved social and ecological outcomes. We developed an approach that enabled accounting for feedbacks of farmland set-asides using a popular conservation planning tool. We empirically assessed the impact of ignoring feedbacks on plans to restore the Brazilian Atlantic Forest by comparing outcomes of our approach and a widely used static approach. The proposed approach attained better conservation outcomes than a static approach, at about 7% lower cost, while also allowing more farmers to benefit economically from the set-aside scheme through capitalising on the differences between their opportunity costs and the amount paid by the scheme. Accounting for feedbacks led to substantially different areas being prioritised for farmland set-asides, and to more farmers being included in the set-aside scheme. These results show important benefits from understanding, and then working with, feedbacks that inevitably accompany large-scale conservation interventions. Our approach is the first to integrate both environmental and economic feedbacks into spatial conservation planning, and model information rent capture. In doing so, it demonstrates how existing economic incentives can be used to encourage farmers to join a conservation set-aside, while still resulting in a lower overall intervention cost.

The commercial exploitation of non-timber forest products (NTFPs) has been widely promoted to achieve both conservation and economic outcomes in the management of tropical forests by local communities, but monitoring the impacts of NTFPs harvesting is still challenging. Monitoring genetic diversity is a promising approach to assess harvesting impacts and guide best practices. Here, we evaluated the value of community-managed agroforests and secondary forests for conserving genetic structure and diversity of Euterpe edulis, an endemic palm explored for fruit and palm heart production. We used SSR markers to compare genetic diversity in populations growing in protected areas, in agroforests and in second-growth forests managed for fruit production in the coastal Atlantic Forest of Brazil. In addition, we investigated the genetic diversity of seeds extracted during pulp removal, which have been used in E. edulis reintroduction programs. Overall, high levels of genetic diversity were observed for all populations (mean allelic richness = 7.06; mean expected heterozygosity = 0.787), with no significant differences in genetic diversity among agroforests, second-growth forests and protected areas. Managed forests and protected areas had low to intermediate levels of genetic differentiation (global Fixation Index = 0.085), indicating the existence of gene flow among them. Seeds extracted during fruit pulp removal had as high genetic variability as populations growing in protected areas, thus evidencing the potential of using these seeds to recover overexploited populations. Thus, community-management of NTFPs in agroforests and second-growth forests may support genetic conservation of this threatened species, complementing the conservation role of protected areas.

Human activities have drastically altered natural ecosystems, mostly by converting forests into agricultural and urban areas. Brazilwood (Paubrasilia echinata) is an endangered tree endemic to the Brazilian Atlantic forest originally occurring along the whole coast. The species is largely planted in urban areas due to its ornamental potential. In this paper, we compared the phenology, floral traits and the reproductive success of P. echinata between urban and natural ecosystems. We have hypothesized that individuals in urban ecosystem will have: i) reproductive phenophases lasting longer than in natural, ii) lower number of pollen grains and ovules per flower, iii) lower richness and frequency of flower visitors, and iv) lower natural fruit and seed set. The study was carried out in urban green spaces of the city of Recife and in an Atlantic forest remnant, both in Pernambuco State, northeastern Brazil. The species flowered and fruited practically all year round in the urban ecosystem, contrasting with the annual pattern of flowering and fruiting observed in the natural area. We documented that brazilwood trees in urban areas had smaller inflorescences, fewer flowers/inflorescences, larger flowers, less pollen/flower, lower richness of floral visitors and lower fruit and seed set when compared to natural ecosystem. Also, when considering the most frequent effective pollinator, the invasive bee Apis mellifera predominated in urban, whereas the autochthonous pollinator Centris aenea prevailed in natural. Moreover, C. aenea acted as occasional pollinator in urban area because the flowers of P. echinata are larger in this ecosystem. Independent of the underlying mechanism, the brazilwood had an impoverished richness of native pollinators and a significant reduction in the reproductive success in urban ecosystem, indicating an impairment in the pollination process. The viability of planting trees in tropical urban areas as an ex-situ conservation alternative for species obligatory dependent on cross-pollination, such as P. echinata, may be compromised.

The Atlantic Forest is separated from the Andean tropical forest by dry and open vegetation biomes (Chaco and Cerrado). Despite this isolation, both rainforests share closely related lineages, which suggest a past connection. This connection could have been important for forest taxa evolution. In this study, we used the Saffron-billed Sparrow (Arremon flavirostris) as a model to evaluate whether the Andean and the Atlantic forests act as a refugia system, as well as to test for a history of biogeographic connection between them. In addition, we evaluated the molecular systematic of intraspecific lineages of the studied species. We modeled the current and past distribution of A. flavirostris, performed phylogeographic analyses based on mitochondrial and nuclear genes, and used Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC) analyses to test for biogeographic scenarios. The major phylogeographic disjunction within A. flavirostris was found between the Andean and the Atlantic forests, with a divergence that occurred during the Mid-Pleistocene. Our paleodistribution models indicated a connection between these forest domains in different periods and through both the Chaco and Cerrado. Additionally, the phylogeographic and ABC analyses supported that the Cerrado was the main route of connection between these rainforests, but without giving decisive evidence against a Chaco connection. Our study with A. flavirostris suggest that the biodiversity of the Andean and of the Atlantic forests could have been impacted (and perhaps enriched?) by cycles of connections through the Cerrado and Chaco. This recurrent cycle of connection between the Andean and the Atlantic Forest could have been important for the evolution of Neotropical forest taxa. In addition, we discussed taxonomic implications of the results and proposed to split the studied taxon into two full species.

Forest plantations of fast-growing exotic species constitute an important economic activity in tropical and temperate regions of developing countries. Large areas of native forests and grasslands are being turned into tree plantations without assessing their impacts on natural communities. We evaluated the effects of replacing native forests by non-native pine (Pinus taeda) plantations on the diversity and composition of assemblages of terrestrial mammals and ground-dwelling and understory birds, in a forest productive landscape of the Upper Paraná Atlantic Forest of Misiones, Argentina. Camera-trap stations were deployed in three different “environments”: 53 in a continuous forest, 69 in forest fragments, and 62 in tree plantations. The evaluation focused on the effect of the environment, the structural complexity of the vegetation, the cost-distance (distance weighted by connectivity) to the continuous forest, the percentage of native forest within different radii, and the cost of human access (as a proxy for hunting pressure) on both mean species richness per station and species composition. Alpha diversity of the assemblages of each environment was estimated using Hill numbers (effective number of species): q0 = richness, q1 = number of common species and q2 = number of dominant species. Changes in community composition were evaluated by comparing the assemblages of the three environments using three similarity indices: Sorensen (q0 = similarity in species identity), Horn (q1 = similarity in common species), and Morisita-Horn (q2 = similarity in dominant species). For mammals and birds, richness was significantly higher in forest stations (both continuous and fragmented) than in those located in plantations. For both taxa, it also decreased with the distance to the continuous forest (but with a negative quadratic term in birds). Tree plantation stands contained biased and impoverished subsets of the original assemblages. Mammal composition was affected by the environment, the distance to the continuous forest, the proportion of native forest in the landscape, and human access. The bird assemblages of plantations were seriously affected, and their composition was also influenced by changes in vegetation structure. Alternative management practices (e.g. pruning, thinning) and landscape features can partially mitigate the negative effect of tree plantations on mammal and bird assemblages. Large areas of forest that function as population sources and forest fragments immersed in the matrix of plantations are strictly necessary to preserve the original native mammal and bird assemblages in the productive landscape. Promoting connectivity and improving hunting controls will also support their conservation.

Payments for ecosystem services (PES) have spread rapidly across the globe in the last two decades, emerging as an important alternative to halt deforestation and biodiversity loss. The motivations of farmers to take part in PES programs, however, is still largely unknown. Most of the recent studies on the theme have investigated factors influencing participation but a few of them have looked at the factors explaining the minimum financial compensation that farmers would expect to receive to join PES. Particularly scarce are the studies aiming to understand the relationships between the minimum amount of money (MAM) that farmers would demand to get involved in PES programs for forest conservation and restoration and the impacts of such programs on PES additionality. We focused our study on the early stages of the PES program of the Chapecó Ecological Corridor, an important agricultural region that provides vital ecosystem services in Southern Brazil. One hundred farmers from 21 municipalities were interviewed. Data were tested using maximum likelihood and the model selection approach. Almost all farmers interviewed (94%) manifested interested in taking part in a PES program focused on forest conservation, but only 48% would like to get involved in a forest restoration program. PES program modality (100%), farmers’ income (65%) and educational level (54%) were the most important variables influencing the minimum amount of money required by farmers to get involved. In average, the farmers would expect 35% more for forest restoration (US$ 185.56/ha) than for conservation (US$ 116.53/ha) programs. In any case, however, the net increase of forest cover resulting from the PES program would be insignificant. Nevertheless, PES could provide some additionality by halting forest degradation and by helping to curb small-scale and illegal deforestation. The low interest in restoration activities may jeopardize the PES program goals and cause negative impact on the implementation of the National Forest Act in the region. To overcome this constraint, the PES program managers should work with the farmers to raise awareness about the relevance of forest restoration in a region with seasonal water shortages, high level of erosion and of water pollution.

Habitat loss and fragmentation reduce population sizes and increase isolation between populations. To better understand how functional connectivity is affected by habitat modification over large scales, we here applied a meta-population framework to the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, a highly degraded and fragmented biodiversity hotspot. Other studies have used mainly hypothetical or estimated dispersal values for connectivity calculation which may not be reflective of species requirements. Here, we collated dispersal values for 45 species of birds, 5 mammals and 4 insects and found that 50% of the Atlantic Forest species can cross only up to 150 m of open gaps between forest patches. Because of the high levels of fragmentation, the median size of a functionally connected network of fragments in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest only decreased from 15 ha to 14 ha when the crossable distance considered was reduced from 150 m to 0 m. We show that for species solely reliant on native forest habitat, a large proportion of the remaining Atlantic Forest fragments represent many small and isolated populations with few large connected areas. Our results support further evidence that for future management and restoration to be successful, existing connectivity must be vastly improved to provide forest areas large enough to support viable populations.

Ecosystem-based Adaptation (EbA) involves using services on which human well-being depends to help people adapt to the impacts of climate change. Aiming at strengthening ecosystem resilience and reducing ecosystem and people’s vulnerability, EbA has been encouraged worldwide as an option for climate change. Payments for Ecosystem Services (PES) are incentives offered to farmers and landowners to provide an ecological service and are currently proposed as a method for EbA and water resources sustainability on a global scale. However, organized information on PES in Brazil is limited. This paper provides a concise review of PES initiatives in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, where various PES projects on watershed protection (Water-PES) have been set up. We found 16 ongoing Water-PES in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. The first initiative was launched in 2005 and since then these projects have grown rapidly. In spite of the advances made in many of these initiatives, they seldom have baseline hydrologic data and an implemented strategy for ecohydrological monitoring. Thus, we discuss how PES projects could be more effective by implementing hydrological monitoring based on ecohydrological concepts. Special attention has been given to explaining how the recent Impact-Vulnerability-Adaptation idea could be integrated into Water-PES. As can be seen from the review, these projects contribute as EbA options for climate change, thereby carrying practical implications for environmental policy makers.

Changes in Earth's climatic conditions may affect the geographic distributions of species causing variations in diversity patterns through space and time. Projections of species distributions over time can measure how future climate scenarios will affect communities. We investigated how climate changes scenarios will influence primate biodiversity patterns in the Atlantic Forest. Specifically: (i) where are the largest changes in species richness expected? (ii) the spatial pattern of beta diversity will undergo homogenisation or heterogenisation? and (iii) where will occur the major changes in temporal beta diversity? We generated current and future species distribution models for Brazilian Atlantic Forest primates. We analysed the changes in the spatio-temporal patterns of alpha and beta diversity. Current high richness patterns will be maintained in future scenarios, with richer areas concentrated in the coastal zones. Regions closer to Cerrado will face a reduction in primate richness. Changes in richness will occur predominantly due to species loss. Communities will be more spatially heterogeneous in the future, with increased beta diversity. The heterogenisation may be driven by the reduction of species geographic distributions. The highest temporal changes will occur mainly in the midwest and the central region of the biome. Climate changes will cause primates diversity changes in both space and time. These changes will not be homogeneous through the Atlantic Forest. Our study is informative at a large spatial scale, providing an outlook on the impact of climate change on primate diversity, and indicating places of primates’ biodiversity maintenance, loss or gain due to climate change.

We evaluated infection by Rickettsia spp. and Ehrlichia spp in small mammals and their ticks from two Atlantic forest conservation areas in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, northeastern Brazil. A total of 39 small mammals were captured during 2012–2013, encompassing 33 marsupials (29 Didelphis albiventris, four Monodelphis domestica), three Cricetidae rodents (two Necromys lasiurus, one Rattus rattus), one Caviomorpha rodent (Thrichomys apereoides) and two armadillos (Euphractus sexcinctus). The ticks Amblyomma auricularium, Ixodes loricatus, and Ornithodoros mimon were collected from D. albiventris, whereas only A. auricularium was collected from armadillos. Through immunofluorescence assay with Rickettsia spp. antigens, 6/28 (21%) D. albiventris and the single R. rattus specimen reacted to at least one rickettsial antigen, with highest seroprevalence and endpoint titers to Rickettsia amblyommatis. A total of 150 ticks (126 A. auricularium, nine I. loricatus, 15 O. mimon) was tested for rickettsial infection by PCR, which detected only R. amblyommatis in most of the A. auricularium ticks. Lung and spleen samples were collected from small mammals (two N. lasiurus, six D. albiventris, three M. domestica, one T. apereoides, one R. rattus) and were tested by PCR for Anaplasmataceae agents. The spleen from one D. albiventris contained a new ehrlichial agent, here named as Ehrlichia sp. strain Natal. Phylogenetic analysis inferred from the dsb gene of Ehrlichia spp. indicates that this novel agent is potentially a new species. Future studies should monitor the possible role of rickettsial and/or ehrlichial microorganisms as agents of emerging diseases in these degraded areas of Atlantic forest, just as has occurred with other agents in degraded areas of this biome in southeastern Brazil.

Sambaquis are archaeological shell mounds and middens formed by pre-Columbian populations inhabiting the Atlantic Forest coast of Brazil between the Middle and Late Holocene. Beyond their recognized cultural values, sambaquis are valuable biological archives for tracking changes in past biodiversity and informing modern conservation studies and management. In this contribution we reviewed the published record of faunal remains from archaeological sites located in Babitonga Bay, in the state of Santa Catarina, southern Brazil. Through a literature review covering 110 sites, we assembled a comprehensive survey of terrestrial and marine taxa exploited by human groups in this area between ca. 5500 and 370 years ago. A total of 244 species were recorded, of which 14 are currently endangered and 12 are no longer present in Babitonga Bay. This zooarchaeological synthesis provides snapshots of past biodiversity, adding a novel contribution to current debates around the conservation biology of one of the world's most threatened tropical biomes.

Linear patches of native forest are commonly found in south-eastern Brazil, where they also serve as boundaries between rural properties. These linear patches can be found connecting forest fragments (possibly acting as vegetation corridors) or isolated and are generally surrounded by agricultural areas (mainly cattle pastures and coffee plantations). In this paper, we assessed the influence of connectivity and type of surrounding agricultural areas on small mammal species in a fragmented landscape. We captured and monitored seven species from which all but one (Rhipidomys itoan) were found in all types of habitat studied (forest fragments, linear patches, and agricultural areas). Community structure was highly similar between forest fragments and linear patches, but differed in agricultural areas. Necromys lasiurus and Calomys cerqueirai were more abundant in agricultural areas and rarely captured elsewhere. Akodon montensis was the most common species and preferred forest fragments. Gracilinanus microtarsus was more abundant in linear patches. Cerradomys subflavus, Oligoryzomys nigripes and R. itoan were equally abundant in forest fragments and linear patches. Small mammal community structure was similar in connected and isolated linear patches. Also, linear patches differed from both types of surrounding agricultural areas – cattle pasture and coffee plantation. Based on the results we concluded that even narrow and isolated linear patches may play an important role for wildlife conservation in a severely fragmented landscape. Therefore, we suggest that conservation efforts should focus on increasing the amount of native vegetation and encourage landowners to maintain the linear forest patches.

With access to collections of continuous satellite imagery over a 40-year period, spectral-temporal patterns extracted from multi-temporal imagery offer a potential new tool to model mechanisms of forest succession and monitor changes in forested landscapes. Specifically, spectral-temporal trajectories associated with successional forest change occurring over prolonged periods of time may enhance periodic ‘snapshot’ monitoring methods, especially for species that exhibit complex and non-linear dynamics. In this paper, Landsat time-series are used to examine the spectral-temporal signatures of bamboo-dominated forest succession occurring within the critically threatened Araucaria Forest, a pine-dominated subtype of the Atlantic Forest in southern Brazil. Alteration of canopy structure through ongoing anthropogenic disturbance has increased understorey light climate and given opportunity for native invasive bamboos to flourish, resulting in drastic reduction of tree regeneration and loss of biodiversity. We aimed to evaluate how spectral-temporal signatures could be used to (1) characterize stages of bamboo-dominated forest succession, (2) identify synchrony of bamboo lifecycle dynamics and (3) classify regions of bamboo-dominated forest. Changepoint analysis was performed using an extracted sample spectral-temporal signature and trajectories were fit to the resulting segments using linear regression. Based on slope values of the fitted segments, a novel description incorporating temporal information of bamboo-dominated forest succession was developed which identified four broad phases: pioneer predominance, mature bamboo, dieback and pioneer regeneration. To determine the spatial and temporal synchrony of bamboo-dominated forest succession, a hybrid model was developed by combining the modelled segments and compared to a 32-year Landsat time-series of vegetation indices by calculating root-mean square error between each pixel in the study area. The hybrid model proficiently classified regions of bamboo-dominance, achieving between 77% and 90% accuracy, which also indicated lifecycle synchrony of bamboo populations within the study area. To further assess the performance of the hybrid model, a time-weighted dynamic time warping model approach was used to determine synchrony and classify regions of bamboo. The time-weighted dynamic time warping classifier had lower overall accuracy (68%–82%), but is still considered a useful tool for automated classification purposes that take advantage of multi-temporal imagery. To compare classification performance between ‘snapshot’ and multi-temporal imagery classifiers, a maximum-likelihood classification was performed, which attained lower overall accuracies than the hybrid model (75%–84%). Overall, the use of spectral-temporal signatures offers a novel and effective approach to both describing and modelling bamboo-dominated forest succession (and forest successional processes more generally) on a landscape-scale.

The collapse of Fundão dam in Mariana, Minas Gerais, Brazil, released more than 50 million cubic meters of ore tailings into the environment, representing the world's largest mining disaster. Three analyses estimating the forest loss to the ore tailings were produced soon after the collapse but the values varied threefold between them due to differences in objective and spatial resolution. Our aim was to estimate the riverside forest loss due to the flooding of the ore tailings. We analyzed Landsat Normalized Difference Vegetation Indexes (NDVI) with the digital elevation model (DEM) specific for flooded forest and limited to analyze an area floodable and contiguous from the water stream. Our forest loss quantification resulted in the same order of magnitude than the two of previous estimates. The area other than forest flooded by the ore tailings accounted for 1176.6 ha. The loss of the forest area due to the collapse was 457.6 ha and concentrated along the first 74 km from the Fundão Dam.

Topography is an important driver that determines diversity patterns and ecosystem functioning in tropical forests. However, there are few studies analyzing contrasting topographical conditions on the relative importance of species to ecosystem functioning, mainly on those who have a greater contribution (i.e., hyperdominant species). We aimed to evaluate whether contrasting topographical conditions determine changes in tree species richness, community composition, and the number of stem and biomass hyperdominant species in a Brazilian Atlantic remnant forest fragment. We selected two areas on distinct hillsides with contrasting topographic conditions, at the biological reserve of the Federal University of Viçosa, Minas Gerais state, southeastern Brazil. Each area (100 × 100 m) was sub-divided into 100 plots of 10 × 10 m. From each plot, all trees having diameter at breast height (DBH) ≥ 10 cm were identified to the species level and tagged for measurement. We measured three topographic variables (slope, elevation, and convexity) in each plot, based on the assumption that these variables may affect tree species diversity, species composition, and ecosystem function (aboveground biomass). The AGB of individual stems was calculated in all plots. We performed a multivariate regression tree for estimating topographical heterogeneity in each area. We found that species richness differed significantly between areas. Species richness in the Northeast area (the more topographically heterogeneous one) was 48% higher than that in the Southeast area, which is less topographically heterogeneous. The tree species composition varied considerably between areas, with similar AGB patterns being registered among plots. The number of stem hyperdominants varied significantly between areas. In the Southeast area, only two species out of the 85 recorded (2.38%) accounted for 50% of the number of stems hyperdominants, while in the Northeast area 10 species (7.94%) accounted for 50% of stems hyperdominants. Our results showed that high topographic heterogeneity induces high species richness and that the number of stem and biomass hyperdominant species increase along with richness on a local scale. Based on our results, we presume that biomass hyperdominance can also strongly influence forest ecosystem functioning on a local scale.

The dynamic interaction between animals and plants through frugivory and seed dispersal is one of several ecological processes that modulates tropical biodiversity. Here we evaluated the potential role of a highly-frugivorous Neotropical primate, the black-fronted titi monkey (Callicebus nigrifrons), as seed disperser. We studied two titi monkey groups in semideciduous Atlantic Forest remnants. Each group fed on over 49 zoochorous plant species in about one year and ingested seeds from nearly a half of them, especially those with small seeds (<0.5 cm). The groups of titi monkeys defecated a large number of seeds, reaching over 300 seeds per day (1–305). More than half of the total deposited seeds and seed species germinated after gut passage, however gut passage reduced germination success in three of five evaluated species. Feces were deposited in small clumps distributed across groups’ home range. We suggest that the observed distribution pattern of feces may enhance plant reproductive fitness by increasing the probability of seeds being deposited far from parent plants, in novel and favorable sites. We concluded that the seed handling and deposition behavior of black-fronted titi monkey make this primate an important agent for Atlantic forest regeneration.

Anthropogenic disturbance causes many impacts across multiple levels of biological organization from populations to ecosystems. However, the extent of cross-taxon congruence in biotic responses to disturbance, and therefore the utility of using particular taxa as indicators of broader biotic responses, is poorly known. In this study, we examine the extent to which variation in alpha diversity, beta diversity and species composition of ants, fruit-feeding butterflies, dung beetles and termites in relation to fragment size are congruent in the highly fragmented Brazilian Atlantic forest. Our results show generally low and inconsistent congruence, typically occurring for particular pairs of taxa only (such as butterflies and dung beetles for species composition, and ants and termites for Hill diversity-1D) or not at all (such as for species richness). In synthesis, there some universal community-level attributes and taxa (i.e., attributes responding consistently and congruently across taxa) have been proved to be sensitive in general. Vegetation structure and spatial location of fragments were not significant predictors of ant and termite species composition, but explained 21% and 40% of the variation in species composition of dung beetles and butterflies, respectively. In addition, we found no general increase in the ratio of generalists to specialists with decreasing fragment size. The overall lack of cross-taxon congruence means that a single taxon cannot provide a reliable indication of biotic responses to fragmentation in our study system. This can be explained by taxon-specific responses to variation in tree diversity, tree functional attributes and the spatial location of fragments. Our study therefore provides support for a multi-taxon approach to biodiversity monitoring and conservation planning.

We assessed the effectiveness of a protected area (PA) network in representing tree taxonomic and phylogenetic uniqueness in subtropical Atlantic Forests (Rain, Mixed and Seasonal Forests). Using a network of plots distributed over ∼95,000 km2 in southern Brazil, we first map the distribution of species richness (SR), beta diversity (BD) and phylogenetic diversity (PD) across the extent of remaining forest in the region. We then tested whether areas of taxonomic and phylogenetic uniqueness are either over- or under-protected based on the existing PA network (3% coverage) and at least 10% coverage, and assessed whether protection is distributed equally for each uniqueness area type. Here, areas of taxonomic uniqueness were defined as those with higher contribution than the mean to the total BD, and areas of phylogenetic uniqueness as those with higher or lower PD than expected by chance given their SR, and sites exhibiting spatial congruence or mismatch between PD and SR. We found a high percentage of representation of both areas of uniqueness across the extent of remaining forest. However, our analyses showed that these areas are poorly and unequally captured by the PA network; they are on average less protected than expected based on at least 10% coverage and have high inequality of protection. Our results suggest that both beta diversity and evolutionary history of angiosperm trees are not adequately protected, and indicate relevant areas to extend the current PA network. We also emphasize the need to consider a multifaceted approach to maximize protection of the Atlantic Forest biodiversity.

Unveiling the minimum amount of habitat required for different taxa represents a great contribution of ecologists to conservation management actions at the landscape-scale. However, groups from different life-stages are likely to exhibit divergent shifts in species diversity and community composition, yet greatly neglected in ecological studies. We sampled adult and juvenile tree assemblages at twenty sites of Brazilian Atlantic Forest surrounded by different percentages of forest cover remaining at the landscape-level (3–93%) to compare patterns of species richness and community composition between both life-stages in response to habitat amount. We also investigated distinct functional guild responses (proportion of species and stems of shade-intolerant, biotically-dispersed and large-seeded species) among adult and juvenile trees to forest cover reduction. We hypothesize that juveniles will exhibit dissimilar community composition, faster responses, and higher vulnerability of functional guilds to forest loss than adults. Our results indicate that community composition was markedly different among life-stages and strongly correlated with forest cover. Additionally, the number of species of both life-stages was negatively affected by landscape-scale forest loss, exhibiting a greater decline of species richness when forest cover was reduced to < 19.5% and 34.6% of forest cover, for adults and juveniles, respectively. Forest loss might led to non-random floristic shifts, characterized by an increased proportional representation of shade-intolerant species and stems from both life-stages, a severe decline of biotically-dispersed adult species, and reduction in large-seeded juvenile species in severely deforested landscapes. Of uppermost importance, our results show that young assemblages are not mirroring the preceding generation, indicating that future woody plant communities are likely to exhibit an impoverished sample of the original biota with subsequent loss of functionality in deforested landscapes. Given that 20% of native vegetation at the property-scale is the legal minimum amount required by the current Brazilian Forest Code in the Atlantic Forest, we reveal that this amount is not enough to safeguard diverse plant communities  particularly juveniles, an essential group of population dynamics, which require greater forest cover amount at the landscape-scale. We strongly recommend the implementation of restoration projects within severely fragmented landscapes.

An important goal for the conservation of tropical forest biodiversity is to maintain adequate supplies of tree cavities to support diverse communities of cavity-nesting and roosting vertebrates over the long term, especially in human-modified landscapes. The conservation and replacement of nesting cavities depend critically on cavity persistence, which is predicted to decline with increasing anthropogenic impact to the habitat, and to vary according to characteristics of trees and excavators. We used Cox proportional-hazards models to study the factors influencing persistence of 277 cavities used by 43 species of nesting birds in 38 species of trees, across a gradient of human impact in the subtropical Atlantic Forest of Argentina, 2004–2016. Median cavity persistence was 6 years, with 79% of cavity losses caused by the collapse of either the whole tree or the section of the tree holding the cavity. Contrary to predictions, cavity persistence did not vary across habitats (primary forest, degraded forest, farm) or excavator types (true woodpecker vs. weak excavator). Persistence was highest (median > 10 years) for non-excavated cavities in live trunks of healthy trees, and increased with tree size and species-specific wood density. Thus, although logging and conversion to farmland remove most cavities, the cavities that remain in these human-modified habitats provide high quality, multi-annual nest sites for forest birds. Preserving and restoring these cavities should be a priority for conservation of forest vertebrates. The positive effect of species-specific wood density on cavity persistence suggests a trade-off in rates of cavity turnover, whereby cavities are produced early but lost quickly in fast-growing (low wood density) pioneer tree species, and produced late but persist much longer in slow-growing (high wood density) climax species.

Viewed as coupled natural and human systems, urbanizing forested landscapes exhibit fascinating and complex dynamics, where landowner decisions and biophysical processes together influence conservation and development outcomes. To improve understanding of land management decisions and conservation opportunities on private lands in these landscapes, we developed a landowner typology that accounts for heterogeneity among landowners that goes beyond ownership objectives and investigated its usefulness in predicting individual private landowners' stated intentions to implement diverse land management actions. Using survey responses collected from private landowners in two metropolitan areas in Maine, USA, we focused on understanding differences in owners' stated likelihood of implementing four conservation practices (i.e., forest management plan, conservation easement, water quality protection, and wildlife habitat conservation) and three land tenure actions (i.e., land sales and large and small subdivisions). Cluster analysis based on measures of place attachment values, stewardship beliefs, and forest production objectives revealed four distinct landowner classes that, in turn, increased the explanatory power of our predictive models of management intentions. Our findings support consideration of heterogeneity beyond production objectives to improve understanding of landowner decision-making, the design and performance of conservation programs, and engagement with landowners. Adjusting data, analysis, and communication strategies to recognize these multiple motivations of landowners has potential to advance the science and practice of conserving forested landscapes.

Riparian forests are important to aquatic ecosystems and produce large quantities of organic matter that are recycled by the microbial community that includes microscopic fungi. The aim of this study was to unveil and compare the diversity of aquatic hyphomycetes associated to submerged leaf litter of tropical lotic and lentic environments in the Atlantic Forest of Northeast Brazil. Six sampling events were carried out in six points of two study areas: Biological Reserve “Mata da Chuva” (MC) and Environmental Protection Area “Lagoa da Mata” (LM), in Pernambuco, Brazil. Twenty three taxa of hyphomycetes were identified resulting in 87 occurrences. In the lake LM, 13 taxa of hyphomycetes were identified with 34 occurrences and in the MC (stream), 20 taxa with 53 occurrences. Ten species were common to both areas. Diversity indices and fungal biomass (ergosterol) were mostly higher in the lotic system. The fungal community analysis did not show any structure regarding sampling periods or sampling points within an area, however the two areas are different. Although the turbulence of the water is considered important for the development of these aquatic fungi, it is possible to find a diverse community of hyphomycetes and considerable fungal biomass in the lentic environment.

Brazilian environmental law (the Forest Code) compels large landowners to conserve a proportion of forest on their properties, often necessitating restoration of degraded habitat. Sugar cane producers have been active participants in these restoration projects, especially in the northeast region where sugar cane has largely replaced the exceptionally biodiverse Atlantic forest. Despite the potential conservation importance of such restoration projects there have been few evaluations of their outcomes. Here, we assess sugar cane company restoration projects in an Atlantic rainforest region of northeast Brazil. Specifically, we assess the ability of restoration projects to: (i) restore species diversity and vegetation structure; (ii) increase connectivity between forest fragments, and; (iii) restore assemblage composition. Restored areas contained approximately half the species richness of remnant fragments and had a substantially different species composition. Moreover, the density of trees in restored areas was a third of that in remnants, despite a very similar height profile. The currently poor outcomes of Atlantic Forest restoration projects in northeast Brazil are a consequence of a severely limited capacity for natural regeneration and poor restoration practices. We conclude by identifying possible strategies to improve the quality of privately financed restoration projects.

Brazilian Atlantic forest ecosystem is a global biodiversity hotspot. We studied the effects of area, connectivity and habitat quality of conservation areas on the diversity of beetles associated with basidiomes of wood-decaying fungi. Moreover, we analyzed the beetles' composition to verify what the process that produces the differentiation between the patches (β diversity). Species richness of fungivorous beetles increased the larger the area and the better the connectivity of conservation areas; however, neither area nor connectivity had an independent effect on beetle richness. Furthermore, the fungivorous beetle community was affected by the reduction in resource availability at lower trophic levels (i.e., host fungi and dead wood). The number of basidiomes and circumference of wood were larger in larger and better connected conservation areas. The contribution of beta diversity to the total diversity increased with spatial scale, from plots to transects to patches. Moreover, the observed beta diversity between patches was higher than expected by chance, contributing to almost 70% of regional diversity and the total dissimilarity is explained by turnover phenomena (species replacement between patches). Our study indicates that the fragmentation of Brazilian Atlantic Forest has affected negatively the diversity of beetles associated with wood-decaying fungi, even in relatively large conservation areas.

The Brazilian Atlantic Forest has long been considered a global biodiversity hotspot. In the last decade, the phylogeographic patterns of endemic taxa have been unraveling the biogeographic history of the biome. However, highly diverse invertebrate species have still been poorly studied. Sodreana harvestmen (Gonyleptidae) are distributed in most of the humid coastal forests in the southern portion of the Atlantic Forest, a region that has experienced complex topographic evolution and differing climatic conditions since the Early Cretaceous, which likely affected the geographic distribution and diversification of the group. In this study, we investigated the molecular phylogeny and phylogeography of Sodreana to clarify the species relationships and to make inferences about the historical biogeography of the southern Atlantic Forest. We applied coalescent-based phylogenetic analyses using one mitochondrial and three nuclear markers coupled with an ecological niche modeling approach to verify relationships among species, date the main divergence events in the genus, and make inferences concerning possible changes in the geographical distribution and population dynamics from the past. Our results supported the validity of most Sodreana species and suggested that Paleogene-Neogene geomorphologic processes such as the formation of rivers systems, uplift of mountain ranges and related environmental changes have profoundly affected the evolutionary history of Sodreana. The ecological niche models showed that the areas potentially occupied by the species were greatly reduced during Quaternary glacial periods but no recent lineage divergences or genetic bottlenecks were detected, suggesting that climatically stable micro-habitats could have helped maintain populations during drier periods. Our study highlights the importance of humidity-dependent and poor-dispersal taxa in understanding the effects of ancient geological and climate processes on the Atlantic Forest biota.

Large carnivores are key elements of natural ecosystems and most of them are declining due to the impacts of human activities. Jaguars and pumas are the largest felids of the American continent, and particularly jaguars are critically endangered in the Atlantic Forest of South America. As with other tropical forests, the Atlantic Forest has been converted to human land uses including forest tree plantations with exotic species. We assessed jaguars and pumas habitat use in a productive landscape of exotic pine plantations and forest areas in the Atlantic Forest of Argentina. We estimated the availability of their main preys in this landscape and evaluated the variables that affect their occupancy pattern. We developed large scale camera traps surveys between 2013 and 2014 in an area that includes pine plantations, protected areas, and unprotected areas covered by native forest and small rural properties. In total, we sampled 274 sampling stations with an effort of 13,347 camera-trap days. We used single-species single-season occupancy models to evaluate the effect of the proportion of pine plantation around the sampling station, the cost of human access, and the distance to the edge of the continuous forest block on the occupancy of the felids and its main prey species. For felids, we also evaluated the effect of the availability of their prey species. With a few exceptions, the occupancy probabilities of most prey were affected by one or two of the landscape variables tested. Habitat use by jaguars and pumas was affected by this anthropogenic landscape change. Even though the relative proportion of plantation to forest around camera stations did not affect the habitat use of either of the two feline species, other factors associated with this anthropic land-use, as human accessibility and distance to the continuous forest, did show an effect on these big cat species. According to our results, relatively small and well-managed areas of exotic tree plantations interspersed with forest areas do not constitute barriers for jaguars and pumas in the Atlantic Forest and can function as potential corridors. Forest plantations as such, do not appear to constitute optimal habitats for these felids. The role of tree plantations as potential corridors or supplementary habitat for pumas, jaguars and their prey relies, to different degrees, on the maintenance of a high proportion of native forest among the plantations, on a good connectivity with the large patches of protected forest, and on the control of poaching.

Recent investigations indicate a warming of Atlantic Ocean surface waters since 1980, probably influenced by anthropic actions, inducing rainfall intensification mainly during the rainy season and slight reductions during the dry season in the Amazon. Under these climate changes, trees in upland forests (terra firme) could benefit from the intensification of the hydrological cycle and could also be affected by the reduction of precipitation during the dry season. Results of dendrochronological analyses, spatial correlations and structural equation models, showed that Scleronema micranthum (Ducke) Ducke (Malvaceae) trees exposed in fragmented areas and to edge effects in Central Amazonian terra firme forest were more sensitive to the increase in the Atlantic Ocean surface temperature and consequent northward displacement of the Intertropical Convergence Zone, mainly during the dry season. Therefore, we proved that in altered and potentially more stressful environments such as edges of fragmented forests, recent anthropogenic climatic changes are exerting pressure on tree growth dynamics, inducing alterations in their performance and, consequently, in essential processes related to ecosystem services. Changes that could affect human well-being, highlighting the need for strategies that reduce edge areas expansion in Amazon forests and anthropic climate changes of the Anthropocene.

Understanding the effects of habitat loss on biodiversity has gained pronounced importance to inform conservation planning. Palms are a characteristic, important component of forest structure and the functionality of tropical forests, yet fragmentation-related studies have been poorly investigated in deforested landscapes. Here, we examine the influence of forest loss at the landscape scale on the entire palm community by evaluating species turnover at nine 16 km2 landscapes in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest with 9–71% forest cover. Additionally, we examine the influence of canopy openness at the local scale. We identified all live palms at the species level within 50 × 100 m forest plots at each site and classified species into categories based on their habitat occurrence (“forest-interior” and “open-area” species). The number of Arecaceae species and stems greatly declined with lower amounts of forest cover at the landscape scale, with the power-law model best explaining these relationships. The community composition was also affected by forest cover, in which higher species dissimilarity was observed among severely deforested landscapes. Additionally, our results showed that palm assemblages have been shaped by non-random processes, with forest-interior species being negatively affected by reduced forest cover at the landscape scale. Landscapes embedded within less than 40% forest cover harbored fewer than 10 palm species, mainly consisting of open-area forest species. Our study therefore demonstrates the pervasive influence of habitat loss on palm diversity in severely deforested landscapes in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest hotspot. Extensive management actions, including forest restoration and the reintroduction of animal dispersers, are urgent and serve as important tools to permit the successful recruitment, reproduction and establishment of palm species in the unique Atlantic Forest biome.

Analyzing temporal changes in forest amount and configuration is paramount to better design future forest management interventions. Such analyses are especially required for tropical biomes, which are usually subject to dynamic and heterogeneous land uses. Recent studies have suggested that many tropical biomes are passing through the process of “forest transition”, i.e. an overall change from forest loss to forest gain. However, this hypothesis remains scarcely tested, due to the difficulty of obtaining detailed, quantitative historical records of forest cover. In this study, we investigate 38 years of land use change in Brazil's Atlantic Forest, a biodiversity hotspot, from 1976 to 2014, using multitemporal datasets from aerial photographs and satellite images. We classified the historical series to produce land use maps and calculated a set of landscape metrics, including total forest cover, patch size, patch shape and patch connectivity. Our results indicated non-linear changes through time in forest loss and gain and also in landscape structure, which can be classified into two distinct periods. The first period (1976–1996) was marked by expressive forest loss and fragmentation, whereas the second (1996–2014) was characterized by a much less intense forest dynamics, with little deforestation being balanced by forest regeneration. We attribute the forest dynamics observed to temporal changes in socioeconomic factors, such as increasing human settlements and changes in environmental protection policies. Our results show that current forests are a heterogeneous mosaic of forests with different ages, and support the hypothesis that forest transition is occurring in Atlantic Forest landscapes.

Data on species ranges and phylogenetic relationships are key in historical biogeographical inference. In South America, our understanding of the evolutionary processes that underlie biodiversity patterns varies greatly across regions. Little is known, for instance, about the drivers of high endemism in the southern montane region of the Atlantic Rainforest. In this region, former biogeographic connections with other South American ecosystems have been invoked to explain the phylogenetic affinities of a number of endemic taxa. This may also be the case of the montane anole lizards Anolis nasofrontalis and A. pseudotigrinus, known from few specimens collected more than 40 years ago. We combine new genetic data with published sequences of species in the Dactyloa clade of Anolis to investigate the phylogenetic relationships of A. nasofrontalis and A. pseudotigrinus, as well as estimate divergence times from their closest relatives. Based on newly sampled and previously overlooked specimens, we provide a taxonomic re-description of those two taxa. Our phylogenetic analysis recovered six main clades within Dactyloa, five of which were previously referred to as species series (aequatorialis, heterodermus, latifrons, punctatus, roquet). A sixth clade clustered A. nasofrontalis and A. pseudotigrinus with A. dissimilis from western Amazonia, A. calimae from the Andes, A. neblininus from the Guiana Shield, and two undescribed Andean taxa. We therefore define a sixth species series within Dactyloa: the neblininus series. Close phylogenetic relationships between highly disjunct, narrowly-distributed anoles suggest that patches of suitable habitat connected the southern Atlantic Forest to western South America during the Miocene, in agreement with the age of former connections between the central Andes and the Brazilian Shield as a result of Andean orogeny. The data also support the view of recurrent evolution (or loss) of a twig anole-like phenotype in mainland anoles, in apparent association with the occurrence in montane settings. Our findings stress the value of complementary genetic sampling efforts across South American countries to advance studies of mainland anole taxonomy and evolution.

Temporal segregation may be one of the most effective mechanism adopted by a subordinate species to reduce competition with a dominant species. We hypothesized temporal segregation by ocelots as the main strategy of reducing direct contact with pumas and humans in Atlantic Forest protected areas. Through a standardized camera trap protocol, we measured the degree of activity overlap between ocelots and pumas and between ocelots and humans using circular statistics. Additionally, we investigated predictor variables that may influence the temporal activity of ocelots. Ocelots and pumas showed nocturnal and cathemeral activity, respectively, whereas humans were diurnal. Although the coefficient of overlap between the activity of ocelots and pumas was high (Δ^ 1 = 0.74), the Mardia-Watson-Wheeler test showed significant dissimilarities between their daily distributions of records (W = 5.86; d.f. = 2; P = 0.05). The coefficient of overlap between the activity of ocelots and humans was low (Δ^ 4 = 0.32) as also revealed by the Mardia-Watson-Wheeler test (W = 179.51; d.f. = 2; P < 0.001). Ocelots enhanced their nocturnal activity in sites where occupancy probability of pumas was high and either in sites with more pasture or near human settlements. Our finding suggests that temporal segregation may be one mechanism adopted by ocelots to allow its coexistence with pumas and humans in Atlantic Forest remnants. However, it is unknown whether temporal segregation per se will be enough to guarantee long-term persistence of ocelots in the current degraded scenario of the Atlantic Forest.

The tolerance potential against the oxidative injury in native plants from forest ecosystems affected by environmental stressors depends on how efficiently they keep their pro-oxidant/antioxidant balance. Great variations in plant tolerance are expected, highlighting the higher relevance of measuring biochemical leaf trait indicators of oxidative injury in species with similar functions in the forest than in single species. The use of this functional approach seems very useful in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest because it still holds high plant diversity and was the focus of this study. We aimed at determining the tolerance potential of tree species from the Atlantic Forest remnants in SE Brazil against multiple oxidative environmental stressors. We assumed that pioneer tree species are more tolerant against oxidative stress than non-pioneer tree species and that their tolerance potential vary spatially in response to distinct combined effects of oxidative environmental stressors. The study was carried out in three Atlantic Forest remnants, which differ in physiognomy, species composition, climatic characteristics and air pollution exposure. Leaves of three pioneer and three non-pioneer species were collected from each forest remnant during wet (January 2015) and dry periods (June 2015), for analyses of non-enzymatic and enzymatic antioxidants and oxidative injury indicators. Both hypotheses were confirmed. The pioneer tree species displayed biochemical leaf traits (e.g. high levels of ascorbic acid, glutathione and carotenoids and lower lipid peroxidation) that indicate their higher potential tolerance against oxidative environmental stressors than non-pioneer species. The biochemical leaf traits of both successional groups of species varied between the forest remnants, in response to a linear combination of oxidative environmental stressors, from natural (relative humidity and temperature) and anthropogenic sources (ozone and nitrogen dioxide).

In Paraná, southern Brazil, apple orchards are commonly bordered by highly biodiverse Atlantic Forest remnants. The main insect pest in these orchards is the highly polyphagous South American fruit fly, Anastrepha fraterculus. Technical advisers recommend that farmers remove wild host plants of A. fraterculus around orchards, which is at odds with the need for forest conservation. We thus investigated whether the presence of Atlantic Forest remnants and A. fraterculus host plants surrounding commercial apple orchards affect A. fraterculus populations in apple orchards in Paraná, southern Brazil. For this purpose, we monitored A. fraterculus using McPhail traps in a total of 67 100 m × 200 m apple orchard plots that differed in their adjacent landscape (forest with A. fraterculus host plants, forest without host plants, open areas). In total, we captured 6412 Anastrepha fruit flies during four growing seasons. At the time when the apple fruits were susceptible to A. fraterculus, the probability of occurrence (i.e. of presence or absence) of A. fraterculus did not differ among the adjacent landscape types and was not affected by the presence of specific host plants. Its abundance in traps where at least one individual was found was also not affected. In contrast, at the time when the apple fruits were absent or not susceptible to A. fraterculus, A. fraterculus probability of occurrence was significantly higher in plots adjacent to open area than in plots adjacent to native forest remnants and intermediate in plots adjacent to native forest remnants with A. fraterculus host plants. At that time, its probability of occurrence and its abundance increased only with the presence of Psidium cattleyanum in these forest remnants. These results indicate that forest remnants had a limited impact on A. fraterculus abundance in orchards and do not support the recommendation to indiscriminately remove wild host plants adjacent to apple orchards.

Luetkenotyphlus brasiliensis has been described 168 years ago, being the only known species of that genus up till date. However, the diversity of caecilian amphibians surprises once again, with the discovery of a new species of Luetkenotyphlus from remnants of the critically threatened Atlantic Forest, in the State of Espírito Santo, Brazil. Herein we describe the new species on the basis of its morphology but also present a molecular phylogeny based on three genes (12S, 16S and COI) including more taxa of Siphonopidae together in a same phylogeny than the previous studies. Our phylogeny did not support the monophyly of Siphonops as currently defined, because Siphonops insulanus was recovered within Luetkenotyphlus, forming a monophyletic group, sister to a clade of three Siphonops spp. We have examined a specimen of S. insulanus from the type locality (Ilha de São Sebastião, São Paulo, Brazil) revealing a shorter premaxillary-maxillary tooth series in comparison to Siphonops. Based on our results, we also allocated S. insulanus to Luetkenotyphlus in order to avoid paraphyly.

The loss or reduction of animal populations and consequent extinction of ecological interactions in Neotropical forests demand urgent conservation initiatives to reverse these trends. One of the rainforests with the highest levels of mammal defaunation is the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. Local mammalian extinctions in the biome were evaluated to set out priorities. Researchers, reserve managers and ex situ animal keepers throughout the Atlantic Forest were connected through a reintroduction network. From 2010 to 2017, we reintroduced two important seed dispersers, the red-humped agouti and the brown howler monkey, in Tijuca National Park, Rio de Janeiro, with other species on their way. We monitored the reintroduced populations regarding demography, spatial patterns, diet and their effect on ecological interactions. They interacted with several plant species, including large-seeded ones. We found 25 dung beetles’ species interacting with howlers’ feces. As TNP lacked medium and large sized frugivores, the increased dispersal can have a disproportional effect on forest regeneration. Among the main constraints for refaunation programs we pointed out delays to obtain environmental licenses, scarcity of source populations and difficulties regarding quarantine, release and monitoring of the animals. Refaunation has shown promise as a low-cost, effective way to restore ecological processes in defaunated Neotropical forests.

Agroforestry systems have increased in area in tropical regions in recent decades and many studies have sought to evaluate their impact on native biodiversity. Yet, few have assessed the impact of perennial plantations such as rubber-tree harvesting on native biodiversity. The goal of our study was to assess the effect of rubber tree plantations on fruit-feeding butterflies of the endangered Brazilian Atlantic Forest in Brazil. To do so, we sampled fruit- feeding butterfly species in a landscape mosaic composed of primary forest, rubber tree plantations under two management regimes (active production with intense management and undergrowth suppression and low management plantations with no undergrowth suppression), and forest fragments immersed in rubber tree plantation matrix. By trap-baiting butterflies for a year, we captured 5800 individuals of 85 butterfly species. Species richness was higher in unmanaged (no growth suppression) plantation and forest fragments (57–60 species) and lower in managed plantation (with growth suppression) (47) and primary forest (43). Ordination analysis suggests three main community groups formed by primary forest samples, a cluster combining unmanaged plantation and fragments, and managed plantation. There was substantial variation in butterfly abundance in the landscape, but our data suggest that several forest specialists species are able to occur along the mosaic on the landscape, and despite differences in management the entire landscape can contribute for a rich biota. Loss of understory vegetation led to simplified communities, with skewed dominance of a few species. By allowing understory development, a low impact management can provide adequate habitat for native butterflies. Yet, current rubber tree plantation technology does not normally use this method, opting to use the high management approach instead. We hypothesize that these minimally benign plantations may serve as conduits for butterflies in forest patches. Thus, we suggest that rubber tree plantations near Atlantic forest fragments should encourage understory development and establish a landscape mosaic, allowing forest fragments immersed in plantation matrix to be able to exchange individuals and colonize more complex plantation habitat. Intensive suppression of undergrowth should be avoided, except for trail maintenance, and isolation of fragments in this matrix should be kept to a minimum. If undergrowth suppression cannot be avoided, then establishment of stepping stones in plantation matrix should be encouraged to reduce isolation of fragments.

Wildlife physiological responses to environmental and human-related stressors provide useful clues on animal welfare. Non-invasive biomarkers, such as fecal glucocorticoid metabolites (fGCM), allow researchers to assess whether variations in habitat quality, behavior, and climate influence the animals' physiological stress. We examined the role of fragment size, ambient temperature, ripe fruit availability and consumption, percentage of records moving, sex, female reproductive state, and group composition as predictors of the level of fGCM in adult brown howler monkeys (Alouatta guariba clamitans) inhabiting three small (<10 ha) and three large (>90 ha) Atlantic Forest fragments in southern Brazil. We collected bimonthly behavioral data and fecal samples from adult individuals over three years, and used a multimodel inference framework to identify the main predictors of fGCM. We found that the mean (±SD) fGCM in the study groups ranged from 57 ± 49 ng/g to 93 ± 58 ng/g, which were within the known range for howler monkeys. We found 10 best models including five of the 17 tested variables. Sex and reproductive state were the only variables included in all these models. We found that fGCM was higher in nursing females (mean ± SD = 104 ± 73 ng/g) than in non-nursing females (64 ± 55 ng/g) and males (53 ± 40 ng/g, P < 0.05) and that it decreased with increasing ripe fruit consumption and minimum temperature. However, fragment size did not predict fGCM concentration (groups in small fragments = 71 ± 58 ng/g vs. groups in large fragments = 63 ± 54 ng/g, P > 0.05). We conclude that factors related to the energetic balance of individuals play major roles in modulating the physiological stress of brown howler monkeys. Future studies should investigate the consequences of higher levels of stress hormones on howler monkey health and demography.

The quantity of spruce-fir forest and some conifer-associated breeding bird abundances in the Atlantic Northern Forest have declined in recent decades emphasizing the need to better understand avian responses to forest management and to identify options that proactively conserve habitat for birds during the breeding and post-breeding period. We conducted avian point counts and vegetation surveys on publicly and privately-owned lands with known management histories to assess relationships between avian assemblages in harvest and postharvest treatments that could provide habitat for passerine birds associated with the spruce-fir forest type. We sampled regenerating conifer-dominated stands 5–41 years-since-harvest (YSH) in three harvest treatments (selection, irregular first-stage shelterwood, and clearcuts) and three postharvest treatments including regenerating clearcuts treated with aerially applied herbicide (e.g., glyphosate), precommercial thinning (PCT), both herbicide and PCT, and mature stands (≥48 YSH). Spruce-fir obligate and associate birds were more abundant in stands with greater spruce-fir tree composition (≥70% and ≥60%, respectively). Avian richness of spruce-fir obligates, associates, and species of concern was greater in clearcuts and clearcuts with postharvest treatments. Vegetative features associated with greater richness and abundance of spruce-fir birds, such as greater spruce-fir composition and smaller tree diameter at breast height, were prominent in regenerating clearcuts and postharvest treatments and suggested that these management practices promote local abundances and richness of spruce-fir birds. Richness and abundances of spruce-fir birds were least in selection, shelterwood, and mature stands, and vegetative features associated with greater richness and abundance of spruce-fir birds were diminished in these stands. Forestry trends in Maine indicate that the extent of the clearcut suite of treatments has decreased on the landscape while selection and shelterwood harvests have increased. Thus, changes in incentives for managers to apply even-aged management coupled with post-harvest applications of herbicides or precommercial thinning might mitigate further declines in habitat for spruce-fir passerines assemblages. A greater ratio of clearcuts with postharvest treatments 11–40 YSH compared to other treatments (mature forest ≥48 YSH, selection and shelterwood 5–41 YSH) would maintain diverse spruce-fir bird communities on the landscape. Use of clearcuts with postharvest treatments in the hemiboreal forests of northern New England, southern Quebec, and Maritime Provinces of eastern Canada may enhance habitat for breeding and post-breeding spruce-fir birds, especially where the quantity of conifer forests are declining and residual patches of conifers are increasingly fragmented.

Increased demand for both agricultural production and forest restoration may lead to increased competition for land in the next decades. Sustainably increasing cattle ranching productivity is a potential solution to reconcile different land uses, while also improving biodiversity conservation and the provision of ecosystem services. If not strategically implemented in integration with complementary policies, sustainable intensification can however result in negative environmental, economic and social effects. We analyzed the potential for sustainable intensification as a solution for a conflict between agricultural expansion and forest restoration in the Paraitinga Watershed at the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, a global biodiversity hotspot. In addition, we provide policy recommendations for sustainable development in the region, based on interviews with producers and local actors. We found that the Paraitinga Watershed has the potential to increase its cattle-ranching productivity and, as a result, relinquish spared land for other uses. This was true even in the most conservative intensification scenario considered (50% of the maximum potential productivity reached), in which 76,702 ha of pastures can be spared for other uses (46% of total pasture area). We found that restoration, apiculture and rural tourism are promising activities to promote sustainable development in the region, thus potentially increasing food production and mitigating competition for land. Our study shows that results from socioeconomic interviews and biophysical modelling of potential productivity increases offer robust insights into practical solutions on how to pursue sustainable development in one of the world’s most threatened biodiversity hotspots.

The interest in the conservation of biodiversity in productive ecosystems has increased considerably in recent years due to the continuing loss of natural vegetation. The effect of forest plantations on biodiversity is currently a relevant research topic since they are expanding worldwide. Native understory vegetation may maintain ecosystem processes and increase the availability of habitats, food and other resources for different animal groups. Native tree regeneration in plantations is affected by the planted species, stand age and density, and silvicultural practices, among others. Despite that some general trends have been identified, results from different studies are not always comparable, partially because not all sources of variation were considered simultaneously, the size of plants is different between studies, no different classes of plant sizes are compared, or the local flora determines specific responses to landscape and stand variables. In this work, we analyzed the relationship between native tree density, species richness and species composition in the understory of forest plantations and stand characteristics including stand age and density, canopy openness, proximity to native forests remnants and pre-planting land use history. The study was conducted in monoculture plantations of Pinus taeda in Misiones Province, Northeastern Argentina. In 35 stands, we estimated plant density and species richness for three plant size classes: seedlings (>50 cm height and <1 cm in diameter at breast height (DBH)), saplings (1–5 cm DBH) and small trees (5–10 cm DBH). Our results are in agreement with general trends previously reported in the study area and worldwide. We found that native trees in the plantations showed a strongly size-dependent response to stand and landscape variables. The composition and richness of the seedlings were primarily dependent on the native forest cover at a landscape scale while the species composition, richness, and density of saplings and small trees were mainly affected by stand age and density. Our results showed that the management of pine plantations should maintain the rotation for more than 20 years, a basal area below 30 m2·ha−1 and a 25–30% of native forest cover at the landscape scale to increase the richness and density of the native trees in loblolly pine plantations of the Atlantic Forest.

The symbiotic arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi are among the ecologically most significant organisms in terrestrial ecosystems, but little is known about how soil AM fungal community composition responds to conservation management and different degrees of human impact on natural ecosystems. The objective of this study was to evaluate effects of the management practices on the AM fungi community structure in protected areas of the Atlantic Forest in Northeast Brazil. During two seasons we assessed AM fungal diversity and mycorrhizal root colonization status in five strict-protected and five sustainable-use areas along a 900 km transect. The sampling effort was sufficient to recover more than 85% of the AM fungal species present in the protected areas. Fifty-six AM fungal species and morphotypes were identified. Most species belonged to Glomerales and Gigasporales, but all orders of Glomeromycotina were registered. Species diversity and mycorrhizal colonization were significantly higher in the strict-protection management areas, though the areas had the same richness and spore density. Seasonality and spatial distances did not affect the AM fungal community composition. Our results show that the conservation management, vegetation and soil characteristics are important local factors influencing AM fungal communities. This work provides a better understanding of AM fungal community structure in natural ecosystems and provides insight into distribution patterns at a broad landscape scale.

In conservation biogeography, the process of spatial conservation prioritization (SCP) aims to select areas that meet biodiversity targets at a minimum set coverage. Here, we propose a SCP scheme for the highly endemic and diverse anuran fauna of the Atlantic Forest (AF) and Cerrado (CER) South American hotspots under different climate change scenarios. Specifically, we make use of predicted anuran occurrences, built for baseline and future (2050 and 2070) time slices, and address biological and conservation metrics to identify potential priority regions for anuran conservation over time using the software MARXAN. Considering each time slice separately, the percentage area needed for total anuran representation varies at magnitudes of 9.8–10.66% for the AF and 6.4–8.8% for the CER. Pooling all time slices together in the selected conservation network, the identified spatial priorities account for 15.56% and 13.25% of the total AF and CER areas respectively. However, we identified opposing strategies for the anuran spatial conservation prioritization in the AF and CER over the different time periods; the increasing of priority cells across time considering the potential species redistribution under climate change in the AF, and the selection of fewer priority cells in the future than the identified for the baseline climate in the CER. The southeastern AF coast was identified as a priority area for amphibian conservation in this hotspot, as well as some other smaller areas in the northern and southern regions. Priority areas identified in the CER, although patchy distributed across the hotspot, are found in specific central-northern, western, and southeastern regions. The different conservation strategies identified in the present SCP emphasize the need for establishing different conservation efforts according to a sequential scheduling of priority areas that optimizes the long-term conservation goals.

Tropical forest ecosystems harbor high biodiversity, but they have suffered from ongoing human-induced degradation. We investigated the conservation value of moist evergreen Afromontane forest sites across gradients of site-level disturbance, landscape context and forest history in southwestern Ethiopia. We surveyed woody plants at 108 randomly selected sites and grouped them into forest specialist, pioneer, and generalist species. First, we investigated if coffee dominance, current distance from the forest edge, forest history, heat load and altitude structured the variation in species composition using constrained correspondence analysis. Second, we modelled species richness in response to the same explanatory variables. Our findings show that woody plant community composition was significantly structured by altitude, forest history, coffee dominance and current distance from forest edge. Specifically, (1) total species richness and forest specialist species richness were affected by coffee management intensity; (2) forest specialist species richness increased, while pioneer species decreased with increasing distance from the forest edge; and (3) forest specialist species richness was lower in secondary forest compared to in primary forest. These findings show that coffee management intensity, landscape context and forest history in combination influence local and landscape level biodiversity. We suggest conservation strategies that foster the maintenance of large undisturbed forest sites and that prioritize local species in managed and regenerating forests. Creation of a biosphere reserve and shade coffee certification could be useful to benefit both effective conservation and people's livelihoods.

To support the long-term ecological viability of restoration projects, it is necessary to reach adequate levels of genetic diversity in spontaneously recolonizing and reintroduced populations. The importance of genetic diversity in the long-term viability of populations is acknowledged, but still poorly monitored in restoration projects. This study aimed to estimate the genetic diversity and inbreeding levels of populations of a tree species widely used in restoration projects in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil, Centrolobium tomentosum, exploring the potential of active restoration in successfully reestablishing populations with higher chances of long-term perpetuation in agricultural landscapes. We used both nuclear and chloroplast microsatellite markers to assess genetic parameters in juveniles and adult individuals in two high-diversity restoration plantations (28 and 60 years old), one disturbed fragment, and one large and well conserved protected area. We observed similar levels of genetic diversity and inbreeding, for juveniles and adults, in both restored and natural populations. Surprisingly, haplotype diversity was higher in restoration sites. We also found private alleles in juveniles in both restoration areas, and this is evidence of gene flow between restored and neighboring natural populations. However, we observed negative effects of inbreeding on the effective population size of populations from the disturbed natural remnant and restoration areas. These results provide evidence of the capacity of restoration plantations for recovering high levels of genetic diversity and the importance of maintaining large and well-conserved forest remnants to be used as seed sources for restoration efforts.

Plantation forests have been expanding in many tropical and subtropical environments. Howerver, even when they replace less wildlife friendly land uses such as pastures and annual crops, the biodiversity levels of pristine natural habitats often have not been recovered. Here we addressed how the landscape context of plantation forests located in South-eastern Brazil affects species richness and community resilience of medium and large size mammals. The area covered by native habitat fragments surrounding plantation forests is positively related to functional richness, including the presence of species more vulnerable to extinction in fragmented landscapes. In addition, the degree of aggregation of plantation forest stands is negatively related to more vulnerable species. No primates were recorded in our seven plantation forest sites (ranging from 272 to 24,921 ha), even when they were seen in native habitat fragments adjacent to commercial tree stands. Two invasive species (Sus scrofa and Lepus capensis) were recorded in four plantation forest sites. The impoverishment of fauna in plantation forests is due to two factors. First, plantation forests generally are structurally simplified habitats when compared to highly diverse tropical forests. Secondly, the isolation from habitat fragments which act as source of individuals in the landscape precludes the establishment of individual in plantation forest. We also highlighted the management practices to improve the complexity of vegetation in commercial tree stands should be taken cautiously, insofar as reduced productivity per area entails a greater demand for land. Thus, an alternative would be intensify the management of the commercial tree stands for wood production together with the restoration of adjacent areas set aside to conservation and native habitat fragments protection.

Chiasmocleis is the most species-rich genus of Neotropical microhylids. Herein, we provide the first comprehensive multilocus phylogeny for the genus, including all but 3 of the 34 recognized species and multiple individuals per species. We discuss cryptic speciation, species discovery, patterns of morphological evolution, and provide a historical biogeographic analysis to account for the current distribution of the genus. Diversification of Chiasmocleis from other New World microhylids began during the Eocene, app. 40 mya, in forested areas, and current diversity seems to be a product of recurrent connections between the Atlantic Forest and Amazonia. Small-sized species evolved independently three times in Chiasmocleis. Furthermore, the extremely small-bodied (i.e. miniaturized) species with associated loss of digits, phalanges, and pectoral girdle cartilages evolved only once and are restricted to Amazonia. Using the phylogeny, we recognized three subgenera within Chiasmocleis: Chiasmocleis Méhely, 1904, Relictus subg. nov., and Syncope Walker, 1973. The recognition of the subgenus Syncope informs future research on patterns of miniaturization in the genus, and the subgenus Relictus highlights isolation of an endemic and species-poor lineage to the Atlantic Forest, early (about 40 mya) in the history of Chiasmocleis.

The advent of next-generation sequencing allows researchers to use large-scale datasets for species delimitation analyses, yet one can envision an inflection point where the added accuracy of including more loci does not offset the increased computational burden. One alternative to including all loci could be to prioritize the analysis of loci for which there is an expectation of high informativeness. Here, we explore the issue of species delimitation and locus selection with montane species from two anuran genera that have been isolated in sky islands across the southern Brazilian Atlantic Forest: Melanophryniscus (Bufonidae) and Brachycephalus (Brachycephalidae). To delimit species, we obtained genetic data using target enrichment of ultraconserved elements from 32 populations (13 for Melanophryniscus and 19 for Brachycephalus), and we were able to create datasets that included over 800 loci with no missing data. We ranked loci according to their number of parsimony-informative sites, and we performed species delimitation analyses using BPP with the most informative 10, 20, 40, 80, 160, 320, and 640 loci. We identified three types of phylogenetic node: nodes with either consistently high or low support regardless of the number of loci or their informativeness and nodes that were initially poorly supported where support became stronger as we included more data. When viewed across all sensitivity analyses, our results suggest that the current species richness in both genera is likely underestimated. In addition, our results show the effects of different sampling strategies on species delimitation using phylogenomic datasets.

Wooded biomes converted to human-modified landscapes (HML) are common throughout the tropics, yielding small and isolated forest patches surrounded by an agricultural matrix. Diverse anthropogenic interventions in HMLs influence patches in complex ways, altering natural dynamics. Assessing current condition or ecological integrity in these patches is a challenging task for ecologists. Taking the Brazilian Atlantic Forest as a case study, we used the conceptual framework of the Index of Biotic Integrity (IBI), a multimetric approach, to assess the ecological integrity of eight small forest patches in a highly disturbed HML with different configurations and histories. The IBI was developed using bird assemblages found in these patches, and its performance was compared with analytical approaches commonly used in environmental assessment, such as general richness and Shannon’s diversity index. As a first step, the IBI procedure identifies an existing gradient of human disturbance in the study region and checks which biotic characteristics (candidate metrics) vary systematically across the gradient. A metric is considered valid when its’ relationship with the gradient provides an ecological interpretation of the environment. Then, the final IBI is elaborated using each valid metric, obtaining a score for each site. Over one year of sampling, 168 bird species were observed, providing 74 different bird candidate metrics to be tested against the disturbance gradient. Seven of them were considered valid:richness of threatened species; richness of species that use both “forest and non-forest” habitats; abundance of endemics, abundance of small understory-midstory insectivores, abundance of exclusively forest species; abundance of non-forest species, and abundance of species that forage exclusively in the midstory stratum. Each metric provided complementary information about the patch’s ecological integrity. The resulting IBI showed a significant linear relationship with the gradient of human disturbance, while total species richness and Shannońs diversity index did not. Application of numerical approaches, such as total species richness and Shannon’s diversity, did not distinguish ecological traits among species. The IBI proved better for assessing and interpreting ecological and environmental condition of small patches in highly disturbed HML. The IBI framework, its multimetric character, and the ease with which it can be adapted to diverse situations, make it an effective approach for assessing environmental conditions in the Atlantic Forest region, and also for many other small forest patches in the tropics.

In southern Brazil, the recent increase in tropospheric ozone (O3) concentrations poses an additional threat to the biodiverse but endangered and fragmented remnants of the Atlantic Forest. Given the mostly unknown sensitivity of tropical species to oxidative stress, the principal objective of this study was to determine whether the current O3 levels in the Metropolitan Region of Campinas (MRC), downwind of São Paulo, affect the native vegetation of forest remnants. Foliar responses to O3 of three tree species typical of the MRC forests were investigated using indoor chamber exposure experiments under controlled conditions and a field survey. Exposure to 70 ppb O3 reduced assimilation and leaf conductance but increased respiration in Astronium graveolens while gas exchange in Croton floribundus was little affected. Both A. graveolens and Piptadenia gonoacantha developed characteristic O3-induced injury in the foliage, similar to visible symptoms observed in > 30% of trees assessed in the MRC, while C. floribundus remained asymptomatic. The underlying structural symptoms in both O3-exposed and field samples were indicative of oxidative burst, hypersensitive responses, accelerated cell senescence and, primarily in field samples, interaction with photo-oxidative stress. The markers of O3 stress were thus mostly similar to those observed in other regions of the world. Further research is needed, to estimate the proportion of sensitive forest species, the O3 impact on tree growth and stand stability and to detect O3 hot spots where woody species in the Atlantic Forest are mostly affected.

The disturbance of natural environments affects, among others, the diversity of dung beetle assemblages, which could have serious consequences for the ecological processes regulated by these insects. The objective of this study was to evaluate and compare species diversity and functional groups of dung beetle assemblages both in the native forest and in three livestock systems that differed in their structure and composition of vegetation: a livestock system with native trees, a livestock system with exotic trees (Pinus taeda), and traditional open pastures, in the semideciduous Atlantic forest of Argentina, in an area previously covered by continuous forest and currently with a heterogeneous landscape of native forest and different land uses. Pitfall traps baited with cow dung were used in the natural forests and the livestock systems studied. A total of 2461 beetles belonging to 38 species were captured. Treed livestock systems showed the highest species richness (0D) and diversity (1D and 2D). Twelve functional groups were identified. The native forest showed the highest functional group richness, while open pastures had the lowest. In general, livestock systems showed a low proportional abundance of telecoprid, diurnal and large beetles. Microclimate (average temperature and humidity) and soil conditions (soil composition: sandy or clayey) were closely associated with the species and functional group composition. Results confirm that cattle ranching with tree retention preserves dung beetle diversity, and suggest that cattle systems without canopy cover have higher impact (negative effects) than silvopastoral systems on both species and functional groups.

With fast growth rates and clonal reproduction, bamboos can rapidly invade forest areas, drastically changing their original structure. In the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, where recent mapping efforts have shown that woody bamboos dominate large areas, the present study assessed the differences in soil and vegetation between plots dominated (>90% of bamboo coverage) and not dominated (<10% of coverage) by the native Guadua tagoara. Surface soil was physically and chemically analyzed, and trees at three size classes (seedling, sapling, and adult) were counted, identified and measured. New inventories were conducted to assess recruitment, mortality, and damage rates. Bamboo plots had more fertile soils (higher bases saturation and lower potential acidity) due to the preferential occurrence of G. tagoara on more clayey soils. Bamboo-dominated plots had lower density of adult trees (diameter >5 cm) and lower species density. In addition, overall tree diameter distribution was very different between environments, with bamboo plots having greater concentration of small-sized trees. Such differences are probably related to the general tendency of higher mortality, recruitment, and damage rates in bamboo plots. Greater physical (wind and bamboo-induced damages) and physiological stress (heat and light) in bamboo plots are probable causes of bamboo-dominated plots being more dynamic. Finally, we discuss the differences between Atlantic and Amazonian Guadua-dominated forests, causes, and possible consequences of bamboo overabundance to the Atlantic Forest conservation.

The analysis of fragmentation and habitat connectivity is important in determining their conservation status and ensuring their long-term survival. However, the reliability of assessments on habitat conservation status may depend on the resolution of forest cover maps used as inputs. The aim of this paper is to quantify differences in the results of habitat fragmentation and connectivity analysis found when using three different forest cover maps of various resolutions, and discusses their effect in the assessment of habitat conservation status. The study was conducted in a Natura 2000 habitat (9120:Atlantic acidophilous beech forests) in Spain. To measure fragmentation, we carried out a morphological spatial pattern analysis (MSPA) which provided a very detailed spatial landscape description (core, islet, bridge, loop, branch and perforation elements). We compared the habitat total area (Hta) with the habitat area without edge width (Hwe), which correspond to the obtained previous cores. To measure connectivity, we used the probability of connectivity index (PC). We used three different forest cover maps with different spatial resolutions: (1) a 2 m map derived from remote sensing using very high resolution satellite imagery (GeoEye) processed with object-based image analysis (OBIA_layer); (2) a 10 m map derived from fieldwork and aerial photo-interpretation at 1:10,000 scale (Forest_layer); and (3) a 50 m map obtained by a similar method at 1:50,000 scale (Atlas_layer). Our results confirm results obtained by previous studies showing that the resolution of input forest cover maps substantially influences MSPA results. The habitat area proportion classified as core decreased as the resolution of input forest cover maps increased, whereas the amount of islets, bridges, loops, branches and perforations increased. The spatial resolution of forest cover maps influences the assessment of habitat conservation status. Habitat conservation status was assessed as being ‘unfavourable inadequate’ (the middle rank out of three) with the coarse Atlas_layer, and as ‘unfavourable bad’ (the bottom rank out) when using the higher resolution Forest_layer and OBIA_layer. This can be critical for European environmental funding. Results obtained also show that resolution of input forest cover maps influence the calculated values of PC index. The use of high-resolution forest cover maps is critical to study habitat connectivity, since otherwise the outcome presents no appreciable result. We conclude that using remote sensing techniques together with OBIA is the most appropriate and cost-effective method for analyzing forest fragmentation and connectivity for habitat conservation status assessments. The source and/or the method of generation of the habitat data layer used (also the spatial resolution) as well as the connectivity analysis method applied must at all times be reported in such analyses.

Ongoing conversion of tropical forests makes it urgent to invest in ecological restoration on grand scales in order to promote biodiversity conservation and ecosystem services. The 4-year old Atlantic Forest Restoration Pact (AFRP) aims to restore 15,000,000 ha of tropical forest in 40 years. The approaches and lessons learned appear transferable, and could help achieve the global restoration targets. Fundamental prerequisites for success include: effective technology undergoing continuous improvement, ongoing teaching, outreach and capacity-building efforts, presence of local intelligentsia, maintaining a clear and transparent legal environment, and presence of effective economic instruments and incentives for landowners. These prerequisites can be achieved by expanding and strengthening the network of stakeholders both in public and private forums that must be aware of macro-economic and social/cultural shifts and trends which may provide opportunities and impose constraints to further restoration activities. Finally, environmental regulations imposing habitat protection and restoration are usually beyond individual land-owners’ possibilities and level of interest. Therefore, forest restoration, even in a biodiversity hotspot, must be approached as a potentially sustainable economic activity. Otherwise, private landowners, and most other stakeholders, will not persevere.

The Brazilian Atlantic Forest is one of the world's biodiversity hotspots, and is currently highly fragmented and disturbed due to human activities. Variation in environmental conditions in the Atlantic Forest can influence the distribution of species, which may show associations with some environmental features. Dung beetles (Coleoptera: Scarabaeinae) are insects that act in nutrient cycling via organic matter decomposition and have been used for monitoring environmental changes. The aim of this study is to identify associations between the spatial distribution of dung beetle species and Atlantic Forest structure. The spatial distribution of some dung beetle species was associated with structural forest features. The number of species among the sampling sites ranged widely, and few species were found in all remnant areas. Principal coordinates analysis indicated that species composition, abundance and biomass showed a spatially structured distribution, and these results were corroborated by permutational multivariate analysis of variance. The indicator value index and redundancy analysis showed an association of several dung beetle species with some explanatory environmental variables related to Atlantic Forest structure. This work demonstrated the existence of a spatially structured distribution of dung beetles, with significant associations between several species and forest structure in Atlantic Forest remnants from Southern Brazil.

The industrialization of the Paraíba Valley, Brazil has been driven since the 1950s by an intense urbanization process, while municipalities located far from the valley's economic center stagnated. Despite the economic differences and unequal population distribution in the region, the municipalities share similar topographic characteristics with a predominance of hilly terrains. The depletion of the soils' productive capacity after numerous land use cycles without adequate management practices was a common cause of land use abandonment. This research analyzes land use/cover data, environmental policies, census-based data, and interviews with stakeholders, to understand the factors that account for a forest transition in the Paraíba Valley where gains in forest cover more than offset any remaining deforestation. Local conditions, such as topography, land use history, environmental policies, engagement of society in complying with legal regulations, commodity markets, and the action of enforcement agencies, represent dimensions which, combined, have boosted forest transitions.

The establishment and maintenance of protected areas is the backbone of global conservation strategies to halt biodiversity loss. However, despite the more than 200,000 legally designated protected sites worldwide, the rate of species extinction has not decreased, for which some debate the real effectiveness of protected areas to preserve biodiversity. Using data from tropical areas, many studies have attempted to test the effectiveness of protected areas by comparing species richness in protected and neighbouring unprotected sites, without reaching a consensus. Here, we extend this line of research with data from temperate deciduous forests inside and outside Picos de Europa National Park and Biosphere Reserve (N Spain). Specifically we compare data from mixed broadleaved woodlands, beech forests (Fagus sylvatica L.) and Pyrenean oak (Quercus pyrenaica Willd.) forests. We conducted botanical inventories and recorded ecological data from 25 0.2-ha concentric plots distributed in forest commons inside the reserve and from other 25 similar plots established in neighbouring not protected forest commons. Data were used to construct a set of ecological indicators and evaluated using modelling methods. We found no significant differences in species composition between plots in protected and non-protected forest commons, likely due to the similar management criteria applied in both land uses. We found less active management outside the protected area, which helps to maintain stands in a semi-natural state. In contrast, we observed the presence of silvicultural treatments inside the protected area, although these treatments were non-intensive, promoting vegetation composition associated to late-successional ecosystems. We only detected significant differences between plots inside and outside the protected area when relation between species richness was analysed with reference to forest habitat type. Precisely, plots of beech forests inside Picos de Europa were more homogenous than plots outside the protected area, which may indicate that management practices inside the protected area do not favour tree species diversity. Non-intensive silviculture management in beech forests inside Picos de Europa seems to promote the presence of the dominant tree species Fagus sylvatica L., which in the absence of perturbations is characterized by conforming monospecific vegetation communities. Overall, our results do not support the idea that protected areas hold more biodiversity than surrounding forest commons. Conservation treatments applied in protected areas should promote the presence of species associated to disturbances, particularly in stands tending to homogeneous species composition at late-successional stages, as this may enhance their resilience under the current rapid global changes.

Forest cover has important functions for streams. Consequently, deforestation and forest degradation due to agricultural activities tend to have negative impacts on stream ecosystems. We related forest cover to stream variables, expecting to find better habitat and water quality conditions in catchments with better forest cover conditions in order to evaluate forest cover as indicator of stream health in agricultural landscapes. We sampled stream variables and quantified forest cover and physical variables in 60 small agricultural catchments in Southeast Brazil. We used redundancy and regression analysis to relate the landscape predictors to the channel responses. Percent forest cover had low to intermediate values in the spatial scales evaluated. Forest cover was fragmented and mostly located in riparian and steep slope areas. Redundancy analysis showed little influence of forest cover on the response variables, which were more influenced by catchment physical variables. Regression analysis showed that forest cover in the reach and forests located closer to the sampled reach are positively related to wood, habitat diversity, and dissolved oxygen, and negatively related to channel depth, volume, and temperature. We also found that forest cover fragmentation is negatively related to pH, potassium, water acidity, and temperature. Although many of these relationships were fairly weak, it appears that naturally regenerated forest cover is at least moderately effective in protecting streams in agricultural landscapes in the region.

A truthful vegetation reconstruction is essential for understanding the historical trajectory of climate change and as well as the nature and extent of human impact on ecosystems. A classical approach to these studies is the use of pollen to identify flora composition and variability over time. However, the use of pollen is not always viable due to lack of depositional environments and general taphonomic processes, such as edaphic conditions. The most durable plant fossils, with widespread presence in diverse depositional realities, are phytoltihs. These proxies are common, well preserved in soils and with great potential for the detection of vegetation signals at micro and meso-level. Therefore, phytoliths are an important tool for recognising variability in major biomes such as tropical forests. In this study we illustrate the results of a pilot project in the Atlantic Forest (Mata Atlântica) of Brazil. The Atlantic Forest is a very diverse ecosystem and its environmental history is still poorly known, especially in relation to the origin and development of non-forested islands (campos nativos) within the forest. Campos nativos create a mosaic with the Mata Atlântica and their current persistence is due to a combination of topographic effects, hydrology and soil. Our work evaluated the potential of soil phytolith, total organic content (TOC) and δ13C of two grassland/savannah campos nativos in the Vale Nature Reserve in Linhares (state of Espírito Santo). The results from isotopic analysis show the relevance of C3 plants since the beginning, and for all the sedimentary history, in both campos nativos. The soils of the nativos are spodosols and, surprisingly, the phytolith composition has been drastically affected by the edaphic conditions. The phytolith assemblages are often impoverished, especially in the soil sandy layer. However, the assemblages still show an important local floristic component (micro scale) with an input from the surrounding vegetation (meso-scale).

We examine scientific evidence underpinning the application of the Atlantic Forest Act (AFA) to licensing and compensation in campo rupestre, a megadiverse grassland strongly affected by mining but lacking specific legislation. We found no empirical support to the assumptions of the current legislation. First, lists of indicators species are not appropriate to indicate successional stages in campo rupestre. Second, the reliance on successional stages of regeneration in this ecosystem as recommended by legislation has no empirical support. Using the AFA instead of a specific policy to campo rupestre has led to significant area loss of this vegetation type. We conclude that inadequate legislation enforcement poses a threat to biodiversity and conservation of the campo rupestre. We recommend the environmental agencies to immediately stop using current legislation (CONAMA Resolution 423/2010) in environmental licensing processes and provide suggestions for the elaboration of specific legislation that addresses the peculiarities and importance of campo rupestre.

Human-induced wildfires are one of the greatest threats to tropical forest and are predicted to increase in importance due to altered regimes associated with climate change. Wildfires promote high tree mortality, thus modifying forest structure and composition, and lead to habitat loss and fragmentation. Wildfires may also have effects on the adjacent unburnt areas due to edge influence; conversely, proximity to unburnt forest stands may favor regeneration in the burnt areas. We evaluated wildfire effects on the forest structure of Brazilian Atlantic forest remnants. We established 244 plots along eight 360 m-long transects distributed among three burnt patches, where we measured structural attributes of overstory, understory, and deadwood. The wildfire promoted very high mortality of trees, saplings, and lianas, changing substantially the forest structure. Our analyses showed clear differences between the burnt and unburnt areas but no clear gradients, highlighting the incipient stage of edge influence-related processes. The Neotropical bracken fern Pteridium arachnoideum was dominant in the burnt areas, which can possibly arrest secondary succession. Our results highlight the importance of wildfires as a menace to Brazilian Atlantic Forests remnants, as well as to tropical rainforests elsewhere - an ever-rising concern in a future of increased fire frequency.

Arboreal spiny rats of the genus Phyllomys are the most diverse group of echimyid rodents in the Atlantic Forest. Many species of Phyllomys have small geographic ranges and are rare in scientific collections. One of them is Phyllomys kerri known from only three specimens collected in a single locality almost 80 year s ago. The identity and the taxonomic validity of this enigmatic species has been questioned in recent decades. Field surveys at different sites along the southeastern portion of the Atlantic Forest in Brazil recovered specimens of Phyllomys that we hypothesized to be P. kerri based on external similarities to the type specimen and proximity to its type locality. Here we obtained DNA sequences from these recently collected specimens and historic DNA from a topotype of P. kerri collected in 1941. Our results supported the status of P. kerri as a valid species and showed it is phylogenetically positioned among the southern clade of Phyllomys species. We therefore provide an emended diagnosis of P. kerri, comparing it with sympatric congeners, and provide comments on its evolutionary affinities, geographic distribution, and conservation status.

The threats posed by current and future changes in land use and climate have recently stressed the importance of evaluating the efficiency of present conservation measures that seek to restore or protect the naturalness of the wooded landscape. In Romania, the remaining old-growth forests in national parks have been consistently degraded by commercial logging and inappropriate forestry practices. This study provides an 8800 cal BP old history of compositional changes and disturbance regimes (natural and human induced) recorded in the old-growth Picea abies forests and P. abies–Fagus sylvatica–Abies alba mixed forests from the Rodna Mountains National Park. Our results reveal moderate turnover between 8800 and 5000 cal BP when vegetation dynamics were marked by the expansion of a closed P. abies forest and moderate disturbance intensity. The most stable compositional changes were recorded between 5000 and 1750 cal BP, primarily associated with the expansion of F. sylvatica and a low disturbance regime. The last 1750 years, but in particular over the last 50 years, correspond to the highest degree of turnover as a response to increased anthropogenic disturbance. This led to the reduced extent of the old-growth forest and extension of secondary forest (Pinus, Betula, Corylus avellana and Alnus glutinosa). This pollen based reconstruction of major forest cover loss over the last fifty years is also depicted in modern satellite imagery. Our long-term record indicates that the conservation status of the forests in this region is not efficiently implemented and in the future we may lose large tracts of the remaining old-growth forests.

Mangrove forests are highly-productive intertidal wetlands that support many ecosystem goods and services. In addition to providing fish and wildlife habitat, mangrove forests improve water quality, provide seafood, reduce coastal erosion, supply forest products, support coastal food webs, minimize flooding impacts, and support high rates of carbon sequestration. Despite their tremendous societal value, mangrove forests are threatened by many aspects of global change. Here, we examine the effects of global change on mangrove forests along the Gulf of Mexico coast, which is a valuable region for advancing understanding of global change impacts because the region spans multiple ecologically-relevant abiotic gradients that are representative of other mangrove transition zones across the world. We consider the historical and anticipated future responses of mangrove forests to the following aspects of global change: temperature change, precipitation change, accelerated sea-level rise, tropical cyclone intensification, elevated atmospheric carbon dioxide, eutrophication, invasive non-native species, and land use change. For each global change factor, we provide an initial global perspective but focus primarily on the three countries that border the Gulf of Mexico: United States, Mexico, and Cuba. The interactive effects of global change can have large ecological consequences, and we provide examples that highlight their importance. While some interactions between global change drivers can lead to mangrove mortality and loss, others can lead to mangrove expansion at the expense of other ecosystems. Finally, we discuss strategies for using restoration and conservation to maximize the adaptive capacity of mangrove forests to global change. To ensure that the ecosystem goods and services provided by mangrove forests continue to be available for future generations, there is a pressing need to better protect, manage, and restore mangrove forests as well as the adjacent ecosystems that provide opportunities for adaptation in response to global change.

Pitcairnia encholirioides is a threatened species endemic to the inselbergs of the Atlantic Forest. The study of the embryogenesis and endospermogenesis of Pitcairnia encholirioides aims to the establish guidelines for its in vitro propagation. Using anatomical analysis, samples of flowers in anthesis and fruits at different developmental stages were analysed. In the results was observed the first division of the sporophytic zygote occurs in the transverse plane and originates the apical and basal cells, forming a uninodal embryo through Asterad-type embryogenesis. Endosperm formation begins with the formation of free nuclei, which undergo centripetal cellularization, beginning in the chalazal domain, characterizing this endosperm as the coenocytic/multicellular type. The differentiation of the aleurone layer occurs at the end of this process. The relationship between fruit maturation and embryo/endosperm developmental stages was established, thus setting forth guidelines for the development of in vitro culture protocols aimed at the conservation of P. encholirioides, an endangered Bromeliad species of the Atlantic Forest.

Human societies constantly interact with the environment through mutual feedbacks and adaptations. The aim of this research was to analyze human and environmental dimensions so as to understand how the dynamic processes of land use and land cover change are contributing to the increase of forest cover observed between 1985 and 2011 in the Paraíba Valley, Brazil. The forestry sector, based on eucalyptus plantations, is given particular attention due to its role in these change processes. Multi-layer perception neural network (MPNN) models were adopted to evaluate the influence of independent variables in the process of the forest transition. Based on the model's results, we conclude that the process is conditioned by a set of biophysical and socioeconomic variables that operate during different historical periods and in different landscape settings. The proximity of Atlantic forest remnants was influential in the forest transition for the three periods analyzed: 1985–1995, 1995–2005, and 2005–2011. In the first period of change (1985–1995), topography was most influential. Between the periods of 1995–2005 and 2005–2011, the proximity to eucalyptus plantations was an important factor, indicating a high probability of native forest recovery occurring in the vicinity of these monocultural areas. The forest transition tends to occur in areas less suitable for agriculture at the outset, but as these areas are replaced by forest cover, socioeconomic drivers such as farm credit and economic development play important roles in forest recovery.

In the current scenario of a fragmented Atlantic Forest, with less than 7% of the original cover remaining, the dominant agricultural and agroforestal matrices should be incorporated into conservation planning. However, little information is available on the conservation value of different land uses, especially those of commercial tree plantations. We studied bird communities in native forests and in commercial plantations of an exotic (Pinus spp.) and a native (Araucaria angustifolia) tree species, through local and regional surveys in the Upper Paraná Atlantic Forest, Argentina. Bird species richness was 50% lower in plantations than in native forests, showing the negative impact of replacing the natural forest with tree plantations. Both species richness and composition were similar between Pine and Araucaria plantations (independently of the extent of the surveyed area); yet, there is a threatened species only found in Araucaria forests. Estimated bird richness in native forests was higher in the regional than in the local survey, likely reflecting habitat heterogeneity. Forest-dependent and threatened species were especially affected by the replacement of native forest; bird communities in commercial plantations were mainly composed of forest-generalist and edge species rather than forest-dependent species. Our study demonstrates that major changes in bird species richness and composition are associated with forest replacement by commercial tree plantations under the current management conditions. Many silvicultural measures could favor bird communities, such as the protection of forest remnants inside plantations and the improvement of forest belts between stands.

This article adapts a general equilibrium model that provides a spatial solution for land use, labor allocation, and product markets in a two good economy. The adaptation, based on von Thünen, considers the multi-regional case, and solves for two regions, one industrial and the other, a newly opened agricultural frontier. The conceptual framework is considered with reference to Brazil, where forest recovery in the Atlantic Rainforest occurs simultaneously with forest losses in Amazonia. Simulation results of the theoretical model are given, demonstrating the impacts of comparative advantage in regional agriculture on the spatial system. The main theoretical interest of the article, aside from providing a formal spatial statement, is to define a distinction between aggregate forest transition (A-FT), when the area of all forests in a multi-regional system increases with the advent of trade relations, and regional forest transition (R-FT), when forest recovery is spatially constrained, and depends on forest losses elsewhere. Thus, the article addresses the role of scale in defining forest transition, and does so by representing spatial dynamics with a formal model. It also suggests that forest transition privileges one biome at the expense of others, and that a concept of landscape turnaround is more germane from a wildlands conservation perspective. The article closes with a discussion of Brazil, and how its forests in Amazonia and along the Atlantic will fare in the coming years.

Necromys lasiurus is a generalist rodent that is thought to be the main reservoir of the Araraquara hantavirus, which causes Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome, in the Brazilian Cerrado savanna. This species occurs naturally in the open habitats of the Cerrado, Pantanal and Caatinga biomes, where it often occurs at high densities, although the distribution of the species has recently been observed expanding into the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro. This study aimed to map the occurrence of N. lasiurus within the Atlantic Forest of Rio de Janeiro state and discuss the potential role of the species as a reservoir of the Araraquara hantavirus in these areas. The study was based on a comprehensive literature search and four expeditions for the collection of specimens in the state of Rio de Janeiro. The data were used to predict the distribution of N. lasiurus, confirm the distribution of the species in the state, and detect the rates of hantavirus infection in these rodents. Necromys lasiurus has been recorded at 16 localities in 10 municipalities of Rio de Janeiro state. The relative abundance of N. lasiurus was low at all localities, except for the REBIO Poço das Antas and APA-BRSJ, two protected areas. Necromys lasiurus was associated primarily with landscapes dominated by farmland (plantations or pasture) at relatively low altitudes in the vicinity of bodies of water. A total of 204 serum samples were collected, but none were reactive for hantavirus. The distribution of N. lasiurus is expanding into many areas of the anthropogenic matrix, but it is not usually either abundant or dominant in these areas. The relatively reduced abundance of N. lasiurus in Rio de Janeiro and the lack of infection in all the areas investigated indicate that it is unlikely to be a reservoir of hantavirus in this region in the near future.

Patch size and isolation are traditionally considered as main determinants of species richness in fragmented landscapes, grounded on Island Biogeography Theory (IBT). The Habitat Amount Hypothesis (HAH) is the more recent alternative: species richness could be predicted exclusively by the total amount of habitat surrounding sampling sites. However, tests may be biased towards HAH by the use of poor metrics of patch isolation, and because landscape variables are measured only within the scale of effect for habitat amount. Here we compare the HAH, IBT, and patch isolation as predictors of species richness of forest-dependent small mammals in an Atlantic Forest fragmented landscape using two measures of patch isolation: considering all (overall) or only the nearest three (restrict) forest remnants within the scale of effect for each variable. The model with habitat amount had more support than models with patch size and isolation (representing IBT), or patch size alone, but the model with overall patch isolation was equally plausible. Had we used only restricted patch isolation, we would have found support only for the HAH, disregarding patch isolation. The appropriate metric of patch isolation is critical for robust tests of the HAH, which should be considered in future studies to avoid biased results in favour of the HAH. Our results provide strong evidence for either HAH or overall patch isolation over IBT, and both may offer simplicity to decision-making.

Calymperaceae is an acrocarpous moss family widely distributed in tropical and subtropical regions of the world. The main goal of this research was to study the distribution of species of the genera Calymperes and Syrrhopodon in the Atlantic Forest in northeastern Brazil to determine how environmental factors influence the distribution of these taxa. We compiled a list of species based on literature review, analysis of herbarium specimens and samples taken from forest remnants. This information was complemented with environmental factors compiled for each locality. We registered 13 Calymperes and Syrrhopodon species, five of which had a regionally and/or locally abundant pattern of distribution, while eight had regionally and/or locally sparse distributions. Altitude and annual temperature ranges were the most influential factors for the distribution of C. tenerum, S. incompletus, S. prolifer and S. gaudichaudii. Potential distribution models were developed for taxa with restricted distributions, which were found to be informative. According to the potential distribution models, it is very likely that investment in fieldwork will increase the known distributions of the rare species (e.g., C. erosum, C. tenerum, S. africanus and S. brasiliensis). In the case of other species (e.g., S. cryptocarpus and S. gaudichaudii), rarity may be due to the decline of populations in face of current limited suitable microhabitats as a consequence of alteration and destruction processes of the northeastern Atlantic Forest.

Human well-being relies on natural flow of goods and services provided by nature and the ecosystem structure and diversity are important components to maintain the whole system functioning. Expenses for replacing natural capital can be assumed as an indirect measure of costs to restore human welfare and represent the economic lost in ecosystem services that were previously provided by the fragment. This study used the economic expenses for restoration and maintenance of the complex of Atlantic Forest and dunes fragment to estimate the conservation value of the area. We uphold an assumption that expenses for restoring will vanish through time and be replaced by decreasing costs in maintenance. The Present Value (PV) estimated indicated that this was true for the first two years of restoration, but will fluctuate depending on the enhancement or worsening of the economic scenario. We then emphasize the importance of maintenance actions because the pace of anthropogenic pressure upon urban natural areas is higher than the time required for natural ecological restoration and species colonization due to increasing anthropogenic pressure, degradation of urban natural areas is occurring faster than the rate of natural ecological restoration and species colonization.

The Atlantic Forest is one of the most threatened tropical biomes, with much of the standing forest in small (less than 50 ha), disturbed and isolated patches. The pattern of land-use and land-cover change (LULCC) which has resulted in this critical scenario has not yet been fully investigated. Here, we describe the LULCC in three Atlantic Forest fragmented landscapes (São Paulo, Brazil) between 1960–1980s and 1980–2000s. The three studied landscapes differ in the current proportion of forest cover, having 10%, 30% and 50% respectively. Between the 1960s and 1980s, forest cover of two landscapes was reduced while the forest cover in the third landscape increased slightly. The opposite trend was observed between the 1980s and 2000s; forest regeneration was greater than deforestation at the landscapes with 10% and 50% of forest cover and, as a consequence, forest cover increased. By contrast, the percentage of forest cover at the landscape with 30% of forest cover was drastically reduced between the 1980s and 2000s. LULCC deviated from a random trajectory, were not constant through time in two study landscapes and were not constant across space in a given time period. This landscape dynamism in single locations over small temporal scales is a key factor to be considered in models of LULCC to accurately simulate future changes for the Atlantic Forest. In general, forest patches became more isolated when deforestation was greater than forest regeneration and became more connected when forest regeneration was greater than deforestation. As a result of the dynamic experienced by the study landscapes, individual forest patches currently consist of a mosaic of different forest age classes which is likely to impact biodiversity. Furthermore, landscape dynamics suggests the beginning of a forest transition in some Atlantic Forest regions, what could be of great importance for biodiversity conservation due to the potential effects of young secondary forests in reducing forest isolation and maintaining a significant amount of the original biodiversity.

Habitat fragmentation threatens tropical rainforests, which can significantly hinder dispersal in species such as arboreal primates. For conservation actions to be effective there must be an understanding of how landscape structure and biological traits shape dispersal. We assessed the effects of landscape, sex and population management (reintroductions and translocations) on gene flow of Leontopithecus rosalia, an endangered arboreal primate living in highly fragmented forests of Brazil. We genotyped 201 individuals using 14 microsatellite loci to answer three questions: (1) How far does L. rosalia disperse? (2) Is dispersal sex-biased? (3) What are the relative contributions of population management, distance, roads and landscape resistance to genetic kinship? We hypothesized that (1) gene flow decrease between more distant sites; (2) males disperse more than females; and (3) management and land-cover resistance (i.e. landscape resistance) are the variables that most influence genetic kinship. We found positive spatial population-structure up to 8 km. The spatial structure was similar between females and males suggesting that they equally contribute to gene flow. Management and landscape resistance best explained genetic kinship, showing that different land-cover types affect the dispersal at different degrees of landscape permeability. We advocate that maintaining more permeable landscapes is essential to ensure dispersal and gene flow of arboreal mammals. Conservation measures in tropical rainforests must take into account not only the habitat amount, but also the degree at which each land use – roads, urban areas, agriculture, pasture, isolated trees, and stepping stones – facilitates or impedes the species dispersal.

Some species make substantial contribution to habitat heterogeneity, supporting species coexistence. Dicksonia sellowiana Hook., an endangered tree fern, is a known phorophyte for epiphytes, has the potential to be such a taxon. We tested the hypothesis that D. sellowiana increases plant diversity in Brazilian Restinga forest, a biodiversity hotspot, by augmenting the habitat heterogeneity at a fine scale. To do this we quantified α-diversity and β-diversity in three habitat types: on the tree fern trunks, immediately beneath the trunks and away from the trunks. In total, 40 ferns were sampled. Overall we recorded 2602 individuals belonging to 61 phanerophyte species in 30 families. The number of individuals sampled varied among habitats but rarefaction showed that richness did not differ. In contrast, species composition varied markedly amongst habitats. Both statistical approaches detected high levels of β-diversity, particularly between the species found in the vicinity of the fern, and those in the samples away from the trunks. Indicator species analysis was used to identify the species characteristic of the different habitats. About 30% of the species were exclusively found in “away plots”, 17% were exclusively “below plots” and 15% were found only on the trunks, 13% were found on the trunks and below them, 12% on “bellow” and “away plots”, 10% of species occurred in all areas and 3% were found on trunks and “away plots”. Our results lead us to conclude that the endangered fern D. sellowiana plays an important role in promoting habitat heterogeneity within the Restinga forest. As this iconic species is threatened, its overexploitation may lead to impoverishment of plant communities. Conservation effort towards both the area and this species are crucial to maintaining Restinga plant diversity.

The extensive land occupation in Southeast Brazil has resulted in climatic disturbances and environmental contamination by air pollutants, threatening the Atlantic forest remnants that still exist in that region. Based on previous results, we assumed that pioneer tree species are potentially more tolerant against environmental oxidative stress than non-pioneer tree species from that Brazilian biome. We also assumed that reactive oxygen species (ROS) are accumulated in higher proportions in leaves of non-pioneer trees, resulting in changes in the oxidant-antioxidant balance and in more severe oxidative damage at the cellular level than in the leaves of pioneer trees. We tested these hypotheses by establishing the relationship between oxidants (ROS), changes in key antioxidants (among enzymatic and non-enzymatic compounds) and in a lipid peroxidation derivative in their leaves, as well as between ROS accumulation and oscillations in environmental stressors, thus permitting to discuss comparatively for the first time the oxidant-antioxidant balance and the tolerance capacity of tree species of the Atlantic Forest in SE Brazil. We confirmed that the non-pioneer tree species accumulated higher amounts of superoxide and hydrogen peroxide in palisade parenchyma and epidermis, showing a less effective antioxidant metabolism than the pioneer species. However, the non-pioneer species showed differing capacities to compensate the oxidative stress in both years of study, which appeared to be associated with the level of ROS accumulation, which was evidently higher in 2015 than in 2016. We also applied exploratory multivariate statistics, which revealed that the oscillations in these biochemical leaf responses in both functional groups coincided with the oscillations in both climatic conditions and air pollutants, seemingly showing that they had acclimated to the stressful oxidative environment observed and may perpetuate in the disturbed forest remnants located in SE Brazil.

Since pristine Atlantic Forest remnants are vanishing, and biological reserves are in short, conservation of biodiversity will largely depend on proper management of the anthropogenic matrix. Here, we test (1) the effectiveness of ecologically-managed tree monocultures in maintaining Araucaria Forest biodiversity, (2) how this effectiveness change among taxa, and (3) we discuss management principles that can be used by the forestry industry in order to contribute positively to biodiversity conservation. The study was conducted in the São Francisco de Paula National Forest, southern Brazil, an environmental mosaic composed mostly of patches of Araucaria Forest and ecologically-managed monocultures of Araucaria, Pinus and Eucalyptus. Using standardized sampling methods in these four main habitats, we have recorded the richness and species composition of small mammals, birds, leaf-litter frogs, butterflies, galling insects, spiders, opiliones, flatworms, woody plants, epiphytic angiosperms, epiphytic ferns, lichens, and fruit-body producing fungi. Overall, we recorded 506 species in Araucaria Forest, 181 (36%) of which were exclusive of this habitat while 325 (64%) could be found in at least one monoculture. Distribution patterns of species richness and number of records across taxonomic groups showed that a large biodiversity can be found inside ecologically-managed plantations of Araucaria, Pinus, and Eucalyptus. For all studied taxa, except for epiphytic angiosperms and fruit-body producing fungi, more than half of the Araucaria Forest species could be found living on monocultures. We discuss how the actual management practices of the forest industry can be improved to contribute positively to the conservation of the Atlantic Forest biodiversity.

The dynamics of the Atlantic Rainforest loss and recovery are still not fully understood despite its long history of human occupation. In this study, we investigated changes in an Atlantic Rainforest region due to major biophysical and human proximate causes. First, we modeled land-cover and land-use changes from 1962 to 2000, including deforestation and forest regrowth, and thereby simulated future landscape trajectories to assess their possible effects on the conservation of forest species of the Ibiúna Plateau, a region located in Southeastern Brazil within the Atlantic Rainforest biome. We modeled four scenarios (status quo, random, law enforcement, and land-use intensification) and simulated their resulting landscape trajectories for the year 2019 using DINAMICA. The landscape dynamics in the study region were particularly intense. During the first period of 1962–1981, the rate of forest regrowth (3% year−1) was greater than the rate of deforestation (2% year−1), whereas in the latter period of 1981–2000, increasing urbanization and the spreading of rural establishments resulted in more deforestation (2.9% year−1) than regrowth (1% year−1). These dynamics imprinted a heterogeneous landscape, leading to the predominance of progressively younger secondary forests with increasingly less capacity of hosting sensitive forest species. The influence of proximate causes on the dynamics of deforestation and forest regrowth showed consistent patterns, such as higher forest regrowth rates near rivers, on steep slopes and far from dirt roads, whereas losses in young secondary vegetation and forest were far from rivers, on gentle slopes and near urban areas. Of the modeled scenarios, only the law enforcement scenario may lead to the recovery of a network of interconnected forest patches, suggesting that simply the enforcement of current forest laws, which prohibit deforestation on unsuitable agricultural areas and along river margins and establish a minimum of 20% of forest remnant per rural property, may effectively favor forest species conservation in the short term (two decades) without the need of any forest restoration effort.

This study evaluates the response of the ant communities along a habitat regeneration gradient in the south Atlantic Forest comparing it with the ant fauna from a mature forest at the same biome. The survey was conducted according to standard collecting protocols, employing sardine baits and mini-Winkler apparatuses. The structure of the ground and litter-foraging ant community was compared in five habitats, representing a regeneration gradient within the Atlantic Forest. Furthermore, the composition of the leaf-litter ant fauna and the species richness were compared between the regeneration gradient and an area of mature forest. The results showed a higher number of leaf-litter ant species in the mature forest in comparison with the regeneration gradient habitat, as well a distinct species composition. There was a significant loss of ant diversity in the regrowth forest, compared to the mature Atlantic Forest. The composition of the ground-dwelling ant fauna does not consistently separate the sites of forest succession; but a gradient of ant species richness and composition was revealed when the leaf-litter ant fauna data set was included in the analysis. In this sense, the leaf-litter ant fauna is an important segment to characterize habitats also playing an important rule as bio-indicators. The data suggest that only primary forests (our data) and old secondary forests (in litt.) are capable of maintaining a substantial proportion of the biodiversity in areas of the Atlantic Forest.

Knowledge about the distribution of aquatic insects in different types of mesohabitats is very important for conservation of benthic macrofauna. This study evaluated the composition and spatial distribution of the fauna of Ephemeroptera, Plecoptera and Trichoptera (EPT) in eight streams in forested areas in the southeastern region of Minas Gerais state, Brazil. The collections were carried out in the dry season, obtaining 10 litter samples from riffles and 10 from pools in each stream, using a Surber sampler. We identified 5,631 organisms of 49 EPT genera. The abundance and fauna composition values differed between the streams and mesohabitats, while the richness only differed between the streams. Eleven taxa were recorded with greatest abundance and frequency in riffles and six in pools. The results suggest that the abiotic characteristics at the stream scale (e.g., water temperature) and mesohabitat scale (water speed) are the main determinants of the variation in the structure and composition of the EPT assemblages, reinforcing the importance of separately evaluating samples from different types of mesohabitats.

The aim of this paper is to understand if analytical theory as used in forest policy analysis can contribute to explaining how global media reports about a contested issue like forest conservation are framed. It therefore takes an actor and interest-based approach on framing. The empirical study is based on 129 media articles on forest conservation published in international print media, TIME and International Herald Tribune between 1990 and 2004. The results indicate that journalists are in a prime position: on the one hand, dominantly framing problems and, on the other hand, acting like a gatekeeper deciding on the visibility and standing of other actors. In their framing, journalists have assigned the role of causers mainly to the political-administrative system (PAS) and enterprises and the role of the helper as well to the PAS but furthermore to NGOs and individuals. Attention paid to media stars addressing forest conservation issues appears as a strategy to increase the news value of the articles. Except for journalists, actors with standing use the chance to present themselves in the role of helper only to a limited extend and they make even more seldom use of the speaker position to point towards a specific causer.

Ethnopharmacological relevanceAtlantic Forest is a biome in dangerous situation and it lacks wider information on species with medicinal purposes used by people in this area. In this study an ethnobotanical survey was conducted in Apiúna district, Brazil with the goal of assessing traditional knowledge of medicinal plants used by rural communities in a region covered by Atlantic Forest.Materials and methodsThe ethnobotanical data were collected through semi-structured interviews and a free list of plants used for medicinal purposes. The respondents were selected by snow ball method. Therefore, the therapeutic use of plants was investigated and the species cited was collected and identified. Local plant uses were evaluated using ethnobotanical indices of diversity and equitability, and then compared with those obtained in other regions of Atlantic Forest in Brazil. Besides, the informant consensus factor (ICF) was calculated.ResultsA total of 162 species belonging to 61 families were recorded, mainly Asteraceae and Lamiaceae. Furthermore, the species cited, 45.06% were native and 54.94% were considered exotic. The most frequently reported medicinal uses were the symptoms and signs (17.42%), digestive system (15.33%) and, infectious and parasitic diseases (12.73%). Although, the ICF calculation showed that mental and behavioral (0.85), respiratory system (0.79) and, digestive and genitourinary system diseases (0.78 for both) were the categories with higher values reached. Usually, the administration is oral from leaves preparations.ConclusionsFolk medicine in rural communities in this region of Atlantic Forest is an important source of primary health care. The results indicate an available knowledge of medicinal plants uses in this area, when compared to other regions previously studied. The fact that this research was conducted next to a conservation area makes it possible to dispose the knowledge organized here into a tool for environmental education as well as preservation. Moreover, the pharmacological information will further contribute for the validation and the use of these species in Brazilian health programs benefiting the population.

The Brazilian Atlantic coastal forest is one of the most heterogeneous morphoclimatic domains on earth and is thus an excellent region in which to examine the role that habitat heterogeneity plays in shaping diversification of lineages and species. Here we present a molecular phylogeny of the rock frogs of the genus Thoropa Cope, 1865, native to the Atlantic forest and extending to adjacent campo rupestre of Brazil. The goal of this study is to reconstruct the evolutionary history of the genus using multilocus molecular phylogenetic analyses. Our topology reveals 12 highly supported lineages among the four nominal species included in the study. Species T. saxatilis and T. megatympanum are monophyletic. Thoropa taophora is also monophyletic, but nested within T. miliaris. Populations of T. miliaris cluster in five geographically distinct lineages, with low support for relationships among them. Although all 12 lineages are geographically structured, some T. miliaris lineages have syntopic distributions with others, likely reflecting a secondary contact zone between divergent lineages. We discuss a biogeographic scenario that best explains the order of divergence and the distribution of species in Atlantic forest and adjacent areas, and outline the implications of our findings for the taxonomy of Thoropa.

Tree plantations are considered as strategic systems for climate change mitigation and economic development. However, their establishment in subtropical areas frequently involves the replacement of a species-rich forest by a tree monoculture with exotic species, which may be functionally different from native species. The impact of this change on ecosystem processes is still widely unknown. In Argentina, large portions of the Semideciduous Atlantic Forest were replaced by non-native Pinus taeda monocultures. The P. taeda litter has lower quality and a slower decomposition rate than native plant litter. Therefore, this replacement would change the characteristic of the litter that reaches the ground. Litter quality is one of the major drivers of decomposition. In the transitional area between two different environments, the edge effect influences populations and communities and could affect ecosystem processes due to changes in its drivers. We wonder how ecosystem processes, as litter decomposition and litterfall production, will respond from the forest edge into the exotic pine monocultures. In five P. taeda plantations and five sites in native forest, we established litter traps to estimate litterfall and litterbags to estimate pine litter decay rate. Litter layer thickness and necromass were also estimated. The change of these variables along a distance gradient from the forest edge into the pine plantation was studied in 10 points at different distances from the edge (0–300 m). Comparisons of these variables between P. taeda plantations and native forest were also done. Native forest replacement by P. taeda monocultures changed the litter identity that reached the ground and decreased the pine litter decomposition rate. The litter layer necromass increased towards the interior of P. taeda plantations, consistently with the increase in pine litterfall. Within the pine plantation, the distance to the native forest edge had no effect on the litterfall neither on pine litter decomposition rates. However, the increase in litter layer necromass towards the interior of plantations suggests that the presence of native forest contiguous to pine plantations in the Semideciduous Atlantic Forest favors litter layer decomposition. Litter from native species, with higher quality than pine litter, decomposes faster in the litter layer and would drive to a more efficient stabilization of soil organic matter. Accordingly, management techniques promoting the increase in the abundance of native species inside pine plantations would improve nutrient cycling and monoculture sustainability.

Deforestation associated with agricultural expansion, particularly that of extensive cattle ranching, remains a pressing challenge for sustainable development and climate mitigation efforts in South America. In response to these challenges, national and local governments, as well as private and non-governmental actors, have developed new forest conservation governance mechanisms. In addition to reducing deforestation for agricultural expansion, it is hoped that these policies may lead to the intensification of existing agricultural regions, thereby contributing to global food availability and continued rural development. The objective of this study is to understand the timing and spatial patterns of crop and pasture intensification in agriculture-forest frontiers in the context of changing conservation policies and rural development. We focus on Mato Grosso, the largest soy and cattle producing state in Brazil, which spans the Cerrado and Amazon biomes and has experienced among the highest levels of deforestation for agricultural expansion globally. Using econometric analysis of remotely sensed and agricultural survey data, we find that cropland and pasture intensification are both linked to increasing forest conservation restrictions and broader supply chain development. However, the effect of conservation restrictions on intensification is lower in regions where there is more forest remaining. While crop and pasture area dynamics are often coupled in agriculture-forest frontiers, crop intensification does not appear to have contributed to pasture intensification through animal feed production. Intensification of crop and pasture areas was associated with temporary, immediate reductions in local deforestation, but crop intensification was associated with increased deforestation over longer time periods. These results suggest that targeted investments in supply chain infrastructure in the Amazon frontier could promote intensification and relieve pressure to clear forests, but must be coupled with substantial, long-term negative incentives for deforestation, including more effective public forest governance and private zero-deforestation commitments.

We are in an unprecedented moment for promoting forest restoration globally, with international and regional pledges to restore at least 350 million hectares by 2030. To achieve these ambitious goals, it is necessary to go beyond traditional plot-scale assessments and develop cost-effective technologies that can monitor the structure and function of restored forests at much broader scales. Lidar remote sensing in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) platforms can be an agile and autonomous method for monitoring forest restoration projects, especially under conditions when information updates are frequently needed in relatively small areas or, when using an airplane-borne lidar system may be not financially viable. Here, we explored the potential of an UAV-borne lidar system to assess the outcomes of a mixed-species restoration plantation experiment, designed to maximize aboveground biomass (AGB) accumulation. The experiment was established in Brazil’s Atlantic Forest, with 20 native tree species, by combining two levels of planting density and two management levels, totaling four treatment combinations and one control (plots left over for natural regeneration). We analyzed three structural variables from lidar data (canopy height, gap fraction and leaf area index) and one from field inventory data (AGB). Structural differences between the treatments and the control plots were reliably distinguished by the UAV-borne lidar system. AGB was strongly correlated with canopy height, allowing us to elaborate a predictive equation to use the UAV-borne lidar system for monitoring structural features in other restoration plantations in the region. UAV-borne lidar systems showed enormous potential for monitoring relatively broad-scale (thousands of hectares) forest restoration projects, providing an important tool to aid decision making and accountability in forest landscape restoration.

Using Landsat images acquired since early 1970s, we have mapped the forest cover and change between 1989 and 2000, and estimated forest area in 1973 in Paraguay's Atlantic Forest Ecoregion (PAFE). The results revealed that as of 1973, 73.4% of the PAFE region was covered by forest. Since then, the proportion of forested area was quickly reduced to 40.7% by 1989 and further down to 24.9% by 2000. Two competing deforestation processes contributed to this rapid forest loss, with the first being driven by settlers and the second by large private land owners. During the 1989–2000 period, 80% of deforested areas were cleared by private land owners and 20% by the settlers. Protected areas slowed down forest loss within their boundaries, but not in their surrounding areas. The average percent forest loss in the area within 5 km from the boundary of Paraguay's major forested protected areas was 39% during the 1989–2000 period, which was essentially the same as that for the entire PAFE region during the same period. The high rates of forest loss in the areas surrounding the protected areas not only left the protected areas highly isolated as ecological “islands”, they may also be precursors to rapid forest loss within the protected areas. These protected areas are critical to the conservation of many species endemic or limited to the PAFE region and surrounding areas, and should be continuously monitored using recent and future satellite observations.

From the nested structure often found in biological communities, it could be expected that the order of species loss after forest fragmentation would be predictable to some extent. This could expose the factors that would cause differential vulnerability of species to local extinctions in forest fragments. In this study, small mammals were sampled in eight small forest fragments and a larger area of Atlantic forest in Brazil for seven years. Multiple regression showed that tolerance to the matrix of grassy vegetation which separated the fragments was the main determinant of the vulnerability to local extinction, whereas other attributes of the species – fecundity, body weight, longevity, population density prior to the fragmentation, and degree of arboreality – were not good predictors of extinction vulnerability. Therefore, the connectivity of forest fragments is of paramount importance for the conservation of mammalian populations in Atlantic forest fragmented landscapes.

To meet their large-scale forest and landscape restoration targets, countries must find ways to accommodate areas for conservation alongside agricultural production. In some pasture-dominated regions of Latin America, intensive silvopastoral systems (SPS) are being promoted to increase cattle productivity on certain lands while facilitating the removal of cattle from marginal areas for forest restoration. However, the recovery of these forests and their contribution to the overall conservation value of the landscape has not been assessed rigorously. We evaluated forest structure and composition in 20 sites in a region of the Colombian Andes where a decade ago farmers transitioned to SPS and fenced off riparian areas to enable forest recovery. We compared these restored forests to a reference model based on the remaining riparian forest across the region, all of which has been subjected to human management. We found that woody species richness was higher in restored than in reference forests, and the proportion of large-seeded, later successional, animal-dispersed species were similar in both forest types. Whereas we found a similar suite of dominant tree species in restored and reference forest, Guadua angustifolia, a native giant bamboo was more abundant in the reference forests due to human management. Total tree basal area was higher in restored forests due to a small number of very large trees likely present in the pastures at the time of site protection. These findings highlight (1) the potential for recovery of diverse forests in riparian sites despite previous grazing use and (2) the role of remnant trees in facilitating natural succession. Overall, rapid forest recovery with minimal intervention in previously farmed lands is good news for conservation in a region that still harbors significant biodiversity despite high levels of fragmentation and the influence of human management.

Community metrics describing the structuring of ecological communities, such as nestedness and the potential linkages between functional traits and the occurrence of species, might hold important information for biodiversity conservation. The order in which species are ranked in nested communities, as well as species traits determining community composition, can help pinpoint species vulnerable to extinction. However, these patterns remain understudied for many taxa of conservation concern and across larger spatial scales. We used a large dataset of ground beetle communities in Central European forests to test for nestedness, variation in species composition, and whether species traits can explain species composition patterns. We found only weak evidence of nestedness of ground beetle communities. However, community compositions across regions were remarkably similar. Species traits explained over half the variance in the overall occurrence ranks of ground beetle species. Wing dimorphism, breeding in both spring and autumn, and hibernation as both larval instars and as imago coincided with increasing occurrence probability, probably due to the greater flexibility of such species to adapt to fluctuating environmental conditions. In contrast, predominantly granivorous species or those with smaller geographical ranges had small occurrence ranks. These results emphasise the importance of investigating the relationships between species traits and occurrence ranks to better understand the mechanisms which shape community composition, and these relationships should be taken into consideration in conservation contexts. Our results provide a basis for the development of more effective conservation strategies in Central European forests to protect threatened ground beetle species.

Nineteen elements were analyzed by ICP-MS in surface water from 44 sampling stations from La Plata Basin (South America), including 5 countries and 7 different environments (streams, rivers, meanders, flood valleys, wetland, dam, delta and estuary). A multi-elemental pollution index (EPI) was employed for classifying the water quality while, the potential non-carcinogenic risk through direct ingestion and skin contact were assessed using Hazard Quotients (HQ). Except Fe (2.5–692 μg/L), elements were in accordance to the quality standards for drinking and biota aquatic protection set by international guidelines. EPI indicated a critical scenario for 10 sampling sites (dam, estuary and some meanders, rivers and streams), while the remaining 34 sites were classified within the high pollution status. HQ indicated that water would not be safe (HQ = 1.0–2.11) for human consumption in 5 areas (wetland and rivers and estuary) while, results indicated that there would be no risk (HQ = 0.0005–0.01) through chronic water contact. The main contributors to the HQ indices were As (up to 6.3 μg/L) and Li (up to 49.9 μg/L). Correlations (r ≥ 0.8) such as LiB, LiAs, LiSr, LiBa, LiU, Li-conductivity, BAs, BSr, BBa, BU, B-conductivity, SrBa, SrU, Sr-conductivity provided powerful information about natural sources of some elements. Principal component analysis showed relations between elements and environments such as As, Li, Cs with Andes Mountains and Al and Fe with Atlantic forest. Results allowed to propose management policy recommendations based on strategies for reducing the direct water ingestion, removal methods, and implementation of monitoring programs in the most affected water bodies.

We analyzed soils under forest across an elevation range (100 m, Lowland Forest, 400 m, Submontane Forest, and 1000 m, Montane Forest) in the Atlantic Rainforest of São Paulo State, Brazil. We hypothesized that soil nutrient content would increase with elevation in the surface mineral soil as a result of higher organic matter stocks, and the observation that both above and below ground biomass increase with elevation in the Atlantic Forest. This hypothesis was partially confirmed. Percent silt, carbon (C) and nitrogen (N) increased with elevation. Base cation concentrations, pH (< 4), and extractable phosphorus (P) concentration were low across the sites and did not differ among elevations. Extractable aluminum (Al) was highest at 1000 m, but there was no trend with elevation. The sharp decrease in P and cation concentration with soil depth and the low concentration of these elements in the parent material, suggest that the vegetation of the Atlantic Forest is dependent on recycling of these nutrients or atmospheric deposition to maintain productivity.

Ambitious pledges to restore over 400 million hectares of degraded lands by 2030 have been made by several countries within the Global Partnership for Forest Landscape Restoration (FLR). Monitoring restoration outcomes at this scale requires cost-effective methods to quantify not only forest cover, but also forest structure and the diversity of useful species. Here we obtain and analyze structural attributes of forest canopies undergoing restoration in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil using a portable ground lidar remote sensing device as a proxy for airborne laser scanners. We assess the ability of these attributes to distinguish forest cover types, to estimate aboveground dry woody biomass (AGB) and to estimate tree species diversity (Shannon index and richness). A set of six canopy structure attributes were able to classify five cover types with an overall accuracy of 75%, increasing to 87% when combining two secondary forest classes. Canopy height and the unprecedented “leaf area height volume” (a cumulative product of canopy height and vegetation density) were good predictors of AGB. An index based on the height and evenness of the leaf area density profile was weakly related to the Shannon Index of tree species diversity and showed no relationship to species richness or to change in species composition. These findings illustrate the potential and limitations of lidar remote sensing for monitoring compliance of FLR goals of landscape multifunctionality, beyond a simple assessment of forest cover gain and loss.

The determinants of patterns of plant species composition on small mountains are poorly known, especially in Central Africa. We aimed here to identify variation in tree species composition throughout the Ngovayang Massif (southern Cameroon) and determine the relative contributions of environmental factors and spatial autocorrelation in shaping tree species composition. Vegetation surveys were conducted in fifteen 1-ha (100 m × 100 m) permanent plots established along a transect from lowland (200 m) to submontane forests (900 m) in which all trees with a diameter (dbh) ≥ 10 cm were inventoried. Data were investigated using ordination methods (Correspondence Analysis and Canonical Correspondence Analysis). At the local scale, the most important variable in determining tree species composition patterns was slope exposure, followed by distance from the ocean and altitude. Together, these environmental variables explained 28% of floristic variation among plots, and the spatial structure almost disappeared when the effects of these variables were removed. Spatial autocorrelation analysis showed that spatial variables (geographic coordinates of the plots) or geographic distance between plots explained only 1% of the total initial variance. Residual spatial variation not explained by the environmental variables probably reflects the history of vegetation and the effects of other climatic variables that were not included in this study. Floristic variation in the Ngovayang Massif is due to strong environmental heterogeneity. The sensitivity of floristic composition to environmental variables such as slope orientation and altitude suggests that tree species composition may shift with expected climate changes, such as changes in the movement of air masses, increase in mean annual temperatures or increasing severity of the dry season. Our study highlights the need for systematic on-the-ground measurements of climate variables in tropical montane areas in order to better understand the current climate regime and serve as a basis for modelling future changes.

Environmental planning must define criteria that permit comparisons among past landscapes and future scenarios that are easily understood by all of the social agents involved in the shared planning decision. The present study evaluated the ecological effects of alternative implementations of one residential housing development proposed by agents on protected areas of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. Based on these agents’ proposals, this study created five future scenarios and compared these with three historic landscapes and an expected legally protected landscape. The comparison was based on certain criteria that determine forest conservation value. The metrics we used included resource availability, potential connectivity, and forest fragmentation tendency. Our results highlight the importance of considering the compliance map with legal expectation as a reference, as well as the limitations of environmental laws for the purpose of forest conservation. We conclude that housing development maintains the landscape connectivity and may not result in substantial forest loss in area. In contrast, regardless of the proposed future scenario, the housing development does not guarantee optimum resource availability, and metric values are lower than in historic landscapes.

Remnants of Atlantic Forest occupy approximately 50% of the land surrounding Atibainha reservoir in Brazil. They are legally protected due to their location on margins of rivers and reservoirs, steep slopes and hilltops or, according to federal rules, when in medium or advanced stage of regeneration. Identifying where and to what extent forest legislation is being ignored is necessary to inform future land-use policy. Using data derived from aerial photographs, combined with ground surveys of forest fragments, we determined forests that should be protected due to their stage of regeneration. We then evaluated whether land use within the 188 catchments that surround the Atibainha reservoir is consistent with restrictions on deforestation determined by their location. Most forest fragments in the region are in medium stage of regeneration and therefore legally protected. The extent of illegal deforestation among catchments differed significantly based on the location criteria. Forest cover was higher where combinations of these criteria apply, such as steep slopes alongside rivers or reservoir. While this might reflect increased propensity to respect forest regulations where multiple restrictions apply, it is also possible that such locations coincide with the low attractiveness for agriculture and other economic activities at such areas.

Large herbivores play crucial ecological roles, affecting the structure and function of terrestrial ecosystems. Their effect, however, depend on how they select plants and vegetation patches for foraging. At the landscape scale, succession is one of the processes that should generate vegetation patches with different nutritional quality, affecting selection by herbivores. Earlier successional stages should be preferred as they are dominated by plants with nutritious and palatable leaves. Here, we investigate if the Lowland tapir prefers early compared to late successional forest patches, aiming at contributing to the understanding of the ecological role of the largest terrestrial South American herbivore, and to conservation strategies for this endangered species. We sampled 12 vegetation patches varying in successional stages across a 20.000-ha continuously-forested landscape in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, recording tapirs through standardized camera trap and track surveys, and quantifying vegetation structure and treefall gaps. Whereas the number of individuals using each patch was not influenced by successional stage, intensity of use was higher in patches in earlier successional stages, in particular patches with higher density of smaller trees and higher cover of treefall gaps. Although inferences on the effects of tapir on plant community depends on future, smaller-scale studies, our results suggest herbivory by tapirs affects forest regeneration, potentially contributing to the maintenance of plant diversity. Results also point out to the potential of mosaics encompassing old-growth and secondary forests for the conservation of the Lowland tapir.

Ecological restoration can re-establish plant species populations, enhance forested habitats extension, improve landscape connectivity, and enable biodiversity persistence within a landscape. However, the potential benefits of ecological restoration on beta diversity have never been explored. Here we use field data to investigate, for the first time, if restoration plantings enhance the taxonomic and functional plant beta diversity in a fragmented landscape of the threatened Atlantic forest. Woody species were evaluated for 320 plots established in 18 forest fragments and 14 restoration plantings within a sugarcane production landscape with low forest cover, in southeastern Brazil. Diversity metrics were assessed using the multiple incidence-data version of Hill numbers and were compared among three sets of study sites: fragments, restoration plantings and the two combined. Fragments showed higher levels of alpha diversity and proportional abundance of non-pioneer and animal-dispersed species than restoration plantings. Exotic, pioneer and non-zoochoric species were more abundant in restoration plantings, an expected result considering sites still be in the early or mid-successional stages of development. Taxonomic and functional beta diversity of trees was greatest when both areas were combined. For regenerating plants, however, beta diversity results varied according to species incidence-based frequencies. Although restoration plantings do not result in full recovery of alpha diversity, they can all together complement diversity of forest fragments at the landscape level. The findings indicate two key ecological implications for biodiversity conservation: the critical importance of forest fragments as biodiversity repositories and the positive effect of restoration efforts on landscape-scale diversity in degraded regions. These novel results highlight the importance of species selection for restoration initiatives toward species and functional attributes recognized as significantly reduced or locally rare. Overall, forest fragments and restoration plantings can act synergistically to promote recovery of plant diversity in heavily deforested agricultural landscapes.

Edge effects are suggested to have great impact on the persistence of species in fragmented landscapes. We tested edge avoidance by forest understory passerines in the Brazilian Atlantic Rainforest and also compared their mobility and movement patterns in contiguous and fragmented landscapes to assess whether movements would increase in the fragmented landscape. Between 2003 and 2005, 96 Chiroxiphia caudata, 38 Pyriglena leucoptera and 27 Sclerurus scansor were radio-tracked. The most strictly forest species C. caudata and S. scansor avoided forest edges, while P. leucoptera showed affinities for the edge. Both sensitive species showed larger mean step length and maximal observed daily distance in the fragmented forest versus the unfragmented forest. P. leucoptera did not show any significant difference. There were no significant differences in proportional daily home range use for any of the three species. Our results suggested that fragmentation and the consequent increase in edge areas do influence movement behavior of sensitive forest understory birds that avoided the use of edges and increased the speed and distance they covered daily. For the most restricted forest species, it would be advisable to protect larger patches of forest instead of many small or medium fragments connected by narrow corridors. However, by comparing our data with that obtained earlier, we concluded that movement behavior of resident birds differs from that of dispersing birds and might not allow to infer functional connectivity or landscape-scale sensitivity to fragmentation; a fact that should be taken into consideration when suggesting conservation strategies.

Dark septate endophytic (DSE) fungal diversity was studied in the Atlantic rain forest in Serra do Mar Park (SE Brazil), along an altitudinal gradient (80, 600 and 1000 m a.s.l.). DSE were isolated from the roots of seven native tree species in three seasons (spring, summer and autumn). Fungi were identified by sequencing the ITS regions of rDNA of representative isolates of each morphotype. The 251 isolates could be assigned to 35 OTUs, which represented 27 species according to sequence data. The most frequently observed genera were Alternaria, Ascochyta, Cladosporium, Coniothyrium, Nigrospora, Microdiplodia and Phoma. Pathogenicity of each OTU was tested by inoculating rice seedlings (Oryza sativa). Fourteen of the 35 OTUs were non-pathogenic on rice seedlings, representing approximately 44% of the isolates. Multivariate statistical analyses showed that species composition of the endophyte communities correlated most strongly with the host species, whereas altitude, soil parameters or season were of minor importance. To our knowledge, this is the first time that DSE diversity has been reported in Brazil. We showed that some trees of the Atlantic rain forest are colonized by common members of the DSE community, previously reported from other regions in the world.

Patterns of habitat specialization can be used to infer conservation risks for species whose habitats are being degraded or lost due to anthropogenic activity. We assigned levels of forest type specialization to birds based on their occurrence and local abundance in three basic types of Atlantic rainforest in southern Brazil: seasonal semi-deciduous forest, mixed rainforest, and dense rainforest. We hypothesized that forest types would contain birds characterized by different levels of specialization. Specifically, we predicted that the dense forest would contain more specialists due to its higher plant species richness. Our study focused on a major clade of the suboscine Passeriformes (Thamnophilidae–Furnariidae), the majority of which are understory insectivorous species. We used field data from 16 locations including 35 sites spanning the major forest types in southern Brazil. We found (1) substantial variation in abundance among sampling locations for a single bird species within and between forest types; (2) species-specific associations with forest types; and (3) spatial aggregation among species that share similar levels of specialization. Using our method of qualitative scoring of forest type specialization, three species were considered habitat specialists (Xenops minutus, Leptasthenura setaria, and Cranioleuca pallida), twelve species were moderate specialists, sixteen were generalists, five were complete generalists, and twelve species were too rare to be included in the analysis. Contrary to our hypothesis, both mixed and dense forests were equally dominated by specialists. We discuss the implications of our approaches for conservation assessment and planning, both at the single-species level and for aggregate species in assemblages.

The synergism between climatic change and human action has provided conditions for the occurrence of forest fires in the Amazon. We used annual mapping to reconstruct the history of fire in Brazil’s state of Acre to understand the forest-fire regime over a period of 33 years (1984–2016). The burn-scar index (BSI) derived from the fractions of soil and of photosynthetic and non-photosynthetic material was generated by CLASlite© software using Landsat-TM and OLI satellite images. The area of forest-fire scars totaled 525,130 ha in the period analyzed. This total includes forests that fire affected only once (388,350 ha), twice (59,800 ha) and three times (5727 ha). The years 2005 and 2010 represent 90% of the total area of forest fires in Acre, coinciding with severe droughts caused by the anomalous warming of the tropical North Atlantic Ocean. The most heavily impacted portion of Acre was in the eastern part of the state, which has the greatest forest fragmentation, consolidation of agricultural activity and presence of settlement projects. In 2005, the municipalities of Acrelândia, Plácido de Castro and Senador Guiomard accounted for more than 50% of the forest remnants impacted by fire. Of the total extent of forest fires in Acre, 43% occurred in settlement projects administered by the National Institute for Colonization and Agrarian Reform (INCRA) and 16% in conservation units administered by the Ministry of Environment (MMA). The area of forest fires was 36 times greater in the 16 years after 2000, compared to the 16 years before 2000. The frequency of fires increased dramatically from one fire episode roughly every ten years (period from 1984 to 2004), to one fire every five years (period from 2005 to 2016). With the projections of warmer climate and advancing deforestation, the forest fires in Acre will tend be more intense and frequent.

Deforestation for urbanization and agriculture expansion drastically reduced the area of the Atlantic forest biome in Brazil. To reverse this process, rehabilitating degraded lands, restoration plantations with native tree species show significant potential to rebuild the forest habitat and promoting carbon sequestration. High input silviculture (intensive fertilization and weed control), similar to those applied in commercial production forest plantations can increase productivity, accelerating forest restoration process. We evaluated the effects of two contrasting silvicultural systems, “traditional” (based on common silviculture of forest reforestation in Brazil – low input) and “intensive” (based on commercial plantations – high input) on carbon (C) stocks of a restoration plantation. We also compared the plantations with a mature forest remnant. Six years after planting, forest C stock (coarse roots and aboveground biomass) under intensive silviculture reached 23.3 Mg C ha−1, more than 3-fold the stock under traditional silviculture (6.9 Mg C ha−1). Under both silvicultural systems, soil showed constant C stock (average of 33 Mg C ha−1). The C accumulation in biomass with intensive silviculture reached 12.8% of that stored in the mature forest (181.5 Mg C ha−1), compared with just 3.8% for traditional silviculture. Intensive silviculture provided nutrients and reduced competition with weeds, increasing growth and carbon sequestration. Forest plantations aiming at restoration and also carbon sequestration are practicable, and are highly responsive to intensive silviculture.

The expansion of monocultures and the overuse of agrochemicals have resulted in the loss of beneficial insects and disruption of ecosystem services such as pollination and biological control in agricultural landscapes. Bees, wasps and flower flies were our model groups to investigate how landscape structure attributes affect alpha and beta diversity of different beneficial insect groups in Brazilian landscapes containing coffee crops. Species richness and abundance of wasps, and bee richness were positively correlated with forest cover at multiple spatial extents. Bee abundance, and species richness and abundance of flower flies did not respond to any landscape predictor. The community composition of wasps and bees in landscapes with low forest cover was composed of subsets of the communities located in forested landscapes, leading to species loss in structurally impoverished landscapes. High variations in landscape diversity and edge density between landscapes resulted in flower fly species replacement suggesting that pairs of landscapes with high and low diversity of habitat types and edge density harbor different species. Such results indicate that initiatives for the conservation of beneficial insects in the Atlantic Forest biodiversity hotspot must focus on forest conservation and restoration, because high levels of forest loss can result in the loss of wasp and bee species with potential negative consequences for the provision of pollination and pest control services in agroecosystems. Our findings can aid conservationists and policy makers to define priority actions for biodiversity conservation as well as the selection of appropriate spatial scales in landscape planning and management.

The conversion of tropical forests to human land-use threatens biodiversity conservation and the delivery of many ecosystem services, especially water-related ecosystem services. In these landscapes, many investments have been made to restore native forests and recover hydrological processes lost by deforestation. Rainfall interception is a key hydrological process for water-related ecosystem services’ maintenance, which plays an important role in runoff, infiltration, erosion control, and flood regulation. We evaluated rainfall interception over a 1-year period in eight restoration sites within the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. We used the interception function as an indicator of water dynamics recovery in actively restored forests. Monthly rainfall interception was measured by 80 interceptometers distributed within the sites (10/site), and 24 pluviometers were installed in open fields (3/site) close to the restoration sites to collect total precipitation (P) incidents over the sites. We also measured plant community attributes involved in the interception process (density, basal area, tree species richness, and the ratio of deciduous plants). The average rainfall interception reached 21.4 ± 3.9%, but a significant variability was observed among sites. Results showed that 65% of the monthly interception collected is below 30 mm.month−1. Basal area and species richness were forest attributes positively correlated to each other and the most important in the interception process. The results show that actively restored forests can reestablish rainfall interception rates similar to those of mature tropical forests in the short term (10 years). In addition, more time or complementary interventions are needed for plant communities to reach expected attributes’ values. Self-organized maps analysis showed a negative relationship between interception and the proportion of deciduous plant individuals. We present information to support land-use policy decisions, as the results revealed insights regarding the effects on the water cycle that may result from increasing forest cover. We argue that restoring ecosystem services should be the main goal of restoration programs and determining if hydrological processes are being effectively recovered by restoration actions is crucial for achieving water sustainability.

Chaetomys is a poorly known, monotypic genus of tree porcupine threatened with extinction due to deforestation and habitat fragmentation. Its nocturnal habit, relatively restricted distribution and low level of activity have conspired for decades against detailed field studies. Here the diet of the species in restinga forests is described for the first time. Restinga is a subtype of lowland Atlantic forest occurring on sandy soils close to the Atlantic littoral in Brazil. Three radio-collared females were monitored for 12 months between March 2005 and February 2006. Leaves were the most heavily consumed dietary item, varying from 71.9% to 75.4% of the diet of each individual, followed by flowers (7.7% - 15.7%) and fruits (0 - 1.4%). Animals fed on 57 trees from 14 species, with a higher concentration on Pera glabrata (49.8%) and Tapiriria guianensis (22.7%). Pera glabrata is locally abundant and widely distributed in the Atlantic forest. Each individual consumed a smaller subset of plant species (4-10 species/individual) and shared only the two most important tree species (P. glabrata and T. guianensis). Results corroborate previous studies indicating that Chaetomys is a folivore, perhaps the most folivorous amongst the Erethizontidae. Since the most consumed plant species are relatively common and widespread, Chaetomys might thrive in a broader range of habitats than previously suspected, including secondary forests.

Brazil has a great potential for ecosystem-based adaptation to climate change and to disaster risk reduction, leveraged by the commitment of restoring 12 million hectares until 2030. This commitment is legally backed by the Native Vegetation Protection Law (NVPL), which defines the situations in which landowners must recover native vegetation in their land. In this paper, we discuss the role of land use compliance as a driver for adaptation in the Brazilian Atlantic forest domain based on the case of the State of Rio de Janeiro. We used high resolution satellite imagery (5 m pixel) to map the state’s land use and land cover, delineate Areas of Permanent Preservation and calculate the environmental debt, i.e. the areas required for restoration in order to comply to the NVPL. We also related the distribution of the environmental debt to the socioeconomic conditions of the municipalities and examined potential funding sources for economic incentives to enhance feasibility of restoration in private lands. The state has 31% of native vegetation cover, and an environmental debt of 412,876 ha, correlated to Human Development Index (R = −0.2952, p = 0.0043) and vulnerability to poverty (R = 0.3711, p = 0.0003). The north-northwestern region hosts the hotspots both for environmental debt and vulnerability to poverty, therefore it should constitute a priority target for environmental and social policies. Compliance to this large environmental debt to abide to the regulatory policy NVPL will demand incentive mechanisms. Oil royalties are a potential funding source for programs of payment for ecosystem services, as 3% of those annual revenues could pay the restoration of 39% of the state’s environmental debt per year over 20 years. Thus, policy mixes that combine existing regulatory and incentive mechanisms should ensure low-cost landscape restoration in tandem with new job opportunities in a restoration chain, and might represent a significant opportunity for the State of Rio de Janeiro.

The assessment of nature's contribution to people (NCP) is an important strategy for decision-making given the increasing need to reconcile biodiversity and human society with conservation. A monetary and a non-monetary approaches were combined to evaluate the pollination services provided by two Brazilian protected areas (PAs) in northern (Serra da Bocaina, Pará) and southeastern region (Mata do Jambreiro, Minas Gerais) within the Amazon forest and Atlantic forest biomes, respectively. The monetary valuation methodology was based on the role of pollination for crop production in the municipalities surrounding the PAs, and the non-monetary involved estimating the areas with wider range of resources for sustaining pollinators. In Serra da Bocaina, the total annual monetary value of the pollination services performed by bee species was estimated at approximately 564,000 dollars and in Mata do Jambreiro, 246,000 dollars, both for 2016. The non-monetary valuation highlighted the PAs and their surrounding areas with denser plant coverage. The methods used in this study allowed us to evaluate and integrate different types of information: bee diversity data, the spatial data of the PAs and their surroundings, and the economic value of the agricultural production of the neighbouring municipalities. The results can be applied in management and sustainability studies aiming to increase awareness about the importance of PAs and their value and importance for agricultural production. This study demonstrates where efforts can be concentrated for future proposals for valuating pollination services and conservation strategies, especially in areas where data are scarce.

The Upper Parana Atlantic Forest (BAAPA) in Paraguay is one of the most threatened tropical forests in the world. Relentless agricultural encroachment has left less than 10% of its original cover intact. Many strategies and programs have been initiated, such as Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) schemes, to halt forest cover loss. While the approach of ecosystem services (ES) has been continuously applied by policy makers, it has not been perceived strongly by the direct users of the forest. This study provides a comprehensive understanding on how landowners in the BAAPA perceive and benefits from ES derived from the forest and examines the influence of farmers on forest conservation. The results were obtained from an extensive household survey performed in the BAAPA region. An understanding of the high ecological value of the forest is common to all farmers. A strong dependency on forest-related products was observed for small and medium landowners whereas large-scale farmers considered the forest’s main value to be mostly recreational and cultural. PES appears to be well accepted by forest owners, but it must receive stronger promotion. Understanding the importance of ecosystem services is a valuable contribution toward to conserving natural resources.

Increasing acceptance of payments for ecosystem services (PES) programs as environmental policy alternatives suggests a clear need for research on PES implementation, both to validate theoretical frameworks and improve approaches for existing and future programs. We provide a history of the 10-year old Conservador das Águas program in Extrema, a city in Minas Gerais located within the Atlantic Forest of Brazil. To date, the program has coordinated restoration activities that have increased native forest cover in 60% in targeted sub-watershed through contracts with 53 landowners, and has established long-term collaborations among government agencies, civil society, and landowners. Evaluation of the institutional elements of the program using an institutional framework reveals lessons that are relevant for future projects. We find that national legislation and local government organizations have played key roles in enabling and maintaining program activities. Further, strategic decisions by program staff, including targeting important regions and actors within the municipality, the use of Forest Code mandates as an incentive for participation, and use of municipal legislation to secure funding, were critical to the program's success. We use an institutional framework to provide a review of the program, including its legal context, actors, and financial instruments, for those engaged in establishing and sustaining similar programs.

The Atlantic Forest is one of the most species-rich ecoregions in the world. The historical origins of this richness and the evolutionary processes that produced diversification and promoted speciation in this ecosystem remain poorly understood. In this context, focusing on Passiflora contracta, an endemic species from the Atlantic Forest distributed exclusively at sea level along forest edges, this study aimed to characterize the patterns of genetic variability and explore two hypotheses that attempt to explain the possible causes of the genetic diversity in this region: the refuge and riverine barrier theories. We employed Bayesian methods combined with niche modeling to identify genetically homogeneous groups, to determine the diversification age, and identify long-term climate stability areas to species survival. The analyses were performed using molecular markers from nuclear and plastid genomes, with samples collected throughout the entire geographic distribution of the species, and comparisons with congeners species. The results indicated that populations were genetically structured and provided evidence of demographic stability. The molecular markers indicated the existence of a clear structure and the presence of five homogeneous groups. Interestingly, the separation of the groups coincides with the geographical locations of local rivers, corroborating the hypothesis of rivers acting as barriers to gene flow in this species. The highest levels of genetic diversity and the areas identified as having long-term climate stability were found in the same region reported for other species as a possible refuge area during the climatic changes of the Quaternary.

We evaluated floristic and ecological changes in plant communities after disturbance in Southern Atlantic Rain Forests, in the Brazilian states of Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Paraná and Santa Catarina. We compiled data for 410 tree species from 18 forests ranging from 4 to 120 years after disturbance, and classified them by dispersal mode (animal vs. non-animal), successional group (pioneer vs. non-pioneer), vertical position (understorey vs. non-understorey) and geographic distribution (Atlantic Forest vs. widespread). We found that both geographical location and time since disturbance affect species distribution and β-diversity. Regression analyses showed significant, positive and strong relations (0.26 ⩽ r2 ⩽ 0.63; P < 0.05) between fragment age and species richness, proportion of animal dispersed species, of non-pioneer species, of understorey species and with restricted distribution. Applying our data to values found in literature we predict that a forest needs about one to three hundred years to reach the proportion of animal-dispersed species (80% of the species), the proportion of non-pioneer species (90%) and of understorey species (50%) found in mature forests. On the other hand much more time is necessary (between one and four thousand years) to reach the endemism levels (40% of the species) that exist in mature forests. Our findings indicate that disturbance results in significant changes in species composition (decrease in endemic species) and ecological guilds (decrease in zoochory and in non-pioneer and understorey species), but forests can gradually recover over time spans of hundreds of years.

The substitution of natural ecosystems with agriculture has led to the establishment of human-modified landscapes globally. In some tropical regions, this process is decades-old, allowing for the study of the effect of such modifications on the remaining biodiversity. However, unlike forest fragments inside regions with extensive primary coverage, the conservation value of ecosystems embedded within intensive farming, i.e., the anthropogenic matrices, has long been ignored, as have the effects of the landscape on such disturbed forest communities. Since the degradation process is predicted to cause the collapse of these fragmented forests, we can choose either to neglect them or to attempt the reversal of the degradation process for biodiversity conservation. Here we investigated the possible influence of landscape predictors on numerous plant species and on the relative proportions of different functional groups. Our results revealed that the richness found in human-modified landscapes had significantly more species than the protected reserves (+90%). The distribution of species suggested that any forest patch is likely to harbour a rare species. Generalised linear models and quantile regressions showed that forest cover and connected area influences the persistence of pioneer species and non-pioneer species of the canopy and zoochorics, with the latter also depending on slope. Rarefaction analysis revealed that natural remnants retain many species, even in sites with less than 20% forest cover. The presence of many zoochoric and non-pioneer canopy species may indicate a qualitative aspect to support conservation–restoration efforts. These results indicate that the current strategy, which is limited to the preservation of biodiversity in public conservation reserves, should be reconsidered and should include smaller remnants of the natural ecosystem in a regional context and adopt large-scale restoration strategies to preserve the species pool.

Habitat loss has been long recognized as a major driver of the current species extinction crisis, but to date few studies have estimated deforestation thresholds above which biodiversity negatively respond to the changes in landscape configuration. In this study, we used a very representative understory plant family (Rubiaceae) to evaluate the effects of forest cover reduction in the landscape on taxonomic and phylogenetic alpha and beta diversity, species originality, and composition. We selected nine Atlantic forest sites in southern Bahia, Brazil, immersed in landscapes ranging from 9% to 71% of remaining forest cover. We established a 50 × 100 m plot in each site and identified all the Rubiaceae individuals. Forest cover reduction at the landscape scale is strongly and negatively related to the number of individuals, species, and genera of Rubiaceae. Our model predicts that every 10% decreasing in landscape forest cover results in the loss of about three species and 74 individuals of understory Rubiaceae. Canopy openness at the plot level increased linearly with the decrease of forest cover in the landscape. A trend of linear decrease of the phylogenetic diversity with the loss of forest cover was also observed, increasing the co-occurrence of close relatives in more deforested landscapes. Furthermore, we found a reduction in the presence of species with higher values of originality along the gradient of forest cover, as a consequence of species richness reduction. Regardless of the geographical distances, areas with similar values of forest cover were different in composition (β-diversity) and phylogenetic relationship (phylogenetic β-diversity), indicating that even highly deforested landscapes contribute to the regional diversity. We concluded that less forested areas are losing species richness and diversity, and as a consequence species originality, and presenting a general trend of phylogenetic impoverishment at the landscape scale. However, regional conservation initiatives should take all landscapes into account, because they all contribute to taxonomic and phylogenetic beta diversity, to ensure the long-term protection of the irreplaceable evolutionary history of Rubiaceae and the numerous organisms it supports.

Understanding how different approaches of matrix management affect organisms that inhabit natural patches is crucial for biological conservation. Considering that great part of the tropical area is composed of agricultural land and that most of the land use is either intensified or on the verge to be, a relevant question is: how may agricultural intensification of the landscape matrix affect the population dynamics of understory birds? This paper describes a qualitative model based on the Qualitative Process Theory and implemented in Garp3 to provide answers to this question. We built a model using four species of endemic passerine birds in order to evaluate the case in an Atlantic Forest area, a biodiversity hotspot. The model describes a landscape composed of an extinction-resistant source patch and one target forest patch where stochastic events occur. If permeability of the matrix exceeds a given species-specific threshold, propagules coming from the source reach the target patch. Agriculture intensification affects the matrix spatial structure and reduces permeability to forest birds, thus reduces rescue effect. Additionally, we assume that some species may use the matrix as a supplementary habitat for feeding and that matrix management may affect the resource base for those species. Simulation results suggest that, if agriculture intensification continues to threat the Atlantic Forest biome, populations of sensitive species (Xiphorhynchus fuscus and Sclerurus scansor) that exist in the small forest patches (which is true for most forest remnants) will be highly susceptible to local extinctions and without further re-colonization.

The water opossum Chironectes minimus is the world’s only semi-aquatic marsupial. It is considered rare, and it is reported on several regional conservation lists of species as either endangered or data deficient. Given its uniqueness and the poor knowledge of its ecology, we aimed to investigate home range size and overlap and habitat selection of the water opossum in Atlantic Forest streams in southeastern Brazil. We radio tracked water opossums and collected information about their habitats and behaviour from October 2004 to April 2010. We combined common home range estimators for animals living in linear habitats with the synoptic model of home range and habitat selection. For the 10 individuals monitored, the home ranges varied between 0.80 and 9.66 km of watercourses; none of them had exclusive home ranges. The home range size for males was, on average, three times larger than for females. The overlap data showed that, on average, one male could encompass the home ranges of up to five females simultaneously, but more than one male could have access to the same female. For habitat selection at the individual level, we could not find any strong influence of habitat features on water opossum preferences because individuals selected different sets of habitat variables. However, at the population level, we found a negative relationship between home range size and river size. The water opossum seems to prefer shallow and narrow watercourses to establish its home ranges. Here, we present valuable information to advance our knowledge of the water opossum and its ecology, which is urgent for conservation purposes.

The Atlantic Forest (AF) of Brazil has long been recognized as a biodiversity conservation hotspot. Despite decades of studies the species inventory of this biome continues to increase with the discovery of cryptic diversity and the description of new species. Different diversification mechanisms have been proposed to explain the diversity in the region, including models of forest dynamics, barriers to gene flow and dispersal. Also, sea level change is thought to have influenced coastal diversification and isolated populations on continental islands. However, the timing and mode of diversification of insular populations in the AF region were rarely investigated. Here, we analyze the phylogeography and species diversity of the small-sized direct-developing frog Ischnocnema parva. These frogs are independent from water bodies but dependent on forest cover and high humidity, and provide good models to understand forest dynamics and insular diversification. Our analysis was based on DNA sequences for one mitochondrial and four nuclear genes of 71 samples from 18 localities including two islands, São Sebastião, municipality of Ilhabela, and Mar Virado, municipality of Ubatuba, both in the state of São Paulo. We use molecular taxonomic methods to show that I. parva is composed of six independently evolving lineages, with the nominal I. parva likely endemic to the type locality. The time-calibrated species tree shows that these lineages have diverged in the Pliocene and Pleistocene, suggesting the persistence of micro-refuges of forest in the AF. For the two insular populations we used approximate Bayesian computation to test different diversification hypotheses. Our findings support isolation with migration for São Sebastião population, with ∼1 Mya divergence time, and isolation without migration for Mar Virado population, with ∼13 Kya divergence time, suggesting a combination of different processes for diversification on AF islands.

The sound produced by human-made machinery (technophony) is known to exert negative effects on animal communication and well-being. Mining is an important economic activity in Brazil, which is often conducted close to forested areas and produces a diffuse noise. In this study, the impact of such noise on biophony (biological sounds) was investigated by characterizing and comparing the soundscapes of two different sites (close versus distant from an open-cast mine) in the same Atlantic forest fragment, matched for habitat type, in Southeast Brazil. Six automated recorders were installed at each site and were programmed to record continuously during seven consecutive days every two months between October 2012 and August 2013. Technophony and biophony values were derived from power spectra and the Acoustic Complexity Index (ACI). Mann–Whitney U tests demonstrated that the biophony exhibited a switch in daily dynamics, resulting in a statistically higher biophony during the day at the site close to the mine and a higher biophony during the night at the site far from the mine. Potential species richness was found to be higher at the site that was distant from the mine. The species composition and spectral characteristics of the calls were also found to differ between the two sites. These results provide the first investigation of potential disturbances caused by mining noise on biophony, demonstrating that it can cause alterations in the temporal dynamics and daily patterns of animal sounds, which are symptoms of altered behaviors or variations in community-species composition. These findings suggest remarkable insights that should be taken into consideration in the regulating of the use of natural areas for mining.

Protected areas – widely recognized as the main strategy for biodiversity conservation – have greatly expanded, covering ∼15% of the Earth; however, we still lack detailed information on biodiversity to evaluate their effectiveness. This is particularly urgent for biodiversity hotspots where protected areas are islands within human modified landscapes. We focus on mammals of the Iguaçu National Park – one of the most important parks in the Atlantic Forest hotspot – to evaluate the effectiveness of protected areas in conserving biodiversity. We monitored 300 km2 with 37 cameras traps during five years to assess if (1) species occupancy declined over time, and (2) if species occupancy/detectability are spatially associated with illegal hunting, proximity to tourism infrastructure and distance from the edge, estimating the proportion of the park where these negative effects are detected. Many species that are rare in most Atlantic Forest remnants presented high occupancy within the park, and no decline in occupancy was observed over time. However, the distribution of 11 species was spatially associated primarily with the distance from the edge and proximity to tourism infrastructure, resulting in a decline, across half of the park area, from 13 to 23% in occupancy and from 19 to 35% in detectability (values averaged among species). These negative effects should be even stronger on smaller protected areas, which are the majority in highly altered hotspots. Re-establishing and properly managing buffer zones and restricting tourism to localized areas are essential to ensure the effectiveness of protected areas for biodiversity conservation.

This study analyzed with dendrochronology 177 Heldreich’s pines growing on the Pollino Massif in southern Italy for understanding climatic and human impacts on old trees. Most of the large-diameter trees currently living became established in the late Medieval to Renaissance periods under a snowy wet climate and low anthropic influence. Millennium-old (i.e., > 900 years of age) trees in remote sites escaped Medieval human impacts, then a wave of pine stands established in the late 14th and 16th centuries following recurrent human plague epidemics. Stem growth histories showed that both millennium-old and the majority of century-old trees grew along similar trajectories. These old trees have survived long-lasting climatic reversals, clearly a sign of their resilience to extreme events. Cliff habitats played a strategic environmental role for tree conservation during periods of land exploitation; such biodiversity refugia may serve as stepping stones for rewilding mountain landscapes. In recent decades, land abandonment following the collapse of sheep-herding, together with climate warming, have led to a new pulse of tree recruitment. Since 1850, low-frequency variability (50-70-year periods) in tree growth has been in synchrony with the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation. Recently observed growth increases counter widespread reports of tree and forest decline in Mediterranean environments, and suggest that extreme longevity does not necessarily reduce stem increment. Discovering, studying, and preserving primeval trees in forest landscapes remains a priority for biodiversity conservation in the Anthropocene. Heldreich’s pine resilience to current global changes bodes well for sustainable development in the Mediterranean mountains they inhabit, and similar studies are needed for threatened habitats and iconic trees of other ecoregions in order to assess their probable survival into the future.

Despite the advances in scientific knowledge about causes and consequences of biodiversity loss, we still lack effective ways to incorporate this knowledge in the development of conservation policies. For example, several studies suggest a nonlinear decrease of species diversity in response to habitat loss at a landscape scale, predicting a threshold at which extinction rates increase dramatically. If this is true and we can find the threshold value with a safety margin, habitat cover is easily measured using GIS technics and can be incorporated into landscape occupation planning. This is particularly true in Neotropics where much of the occupation is founded or licensed by governmental agencies. This study aimed to investigate the thresholds in the relationship between the species richness of a particular plant family in the landscape and the percentage of forest cover on that landscape. Biological material was collected in 11 surveyed landscapes of 6 × 6 km randomly sampled from a large region of Brazilian Atlantic Forest from 11°80′S to 18°49′S and 40°08′W to 21°24′W in Bahia, Brazil. The landscape forest cover ranged from 5% to 60%, and in each landscape, eight 25 × 10 m plots were randomly established, the landscape’s surveyed richness considered the entire set of eight plots. In each landscape we sampled trees with a circumference at breast height (CBH) above 8 cm belonging to Sapotaceae, a tree family that is severely threatened by human activities and generally composed of large, long-lived, animal-dispersed, shade-tolerant trees typical of the interior of forests. Those characteristics make them very representative of mature forest plant species. We evaluated whether a model with a breakpoint or a threshold was best for describing the relationship between richness and forest cover in the landscape using a model selection approach. The data were fitted to a generalized linear model, a piecewise model, and a logistic curve and evaluated using the Akaike information criterion (AIC). In all surveys, a total of 284 individuals belonging to 55 morphospecies were found, and several species are known to be very important in primate diet, which are also dispersers and even pollinators of some species. The best fitted model was the logistic model followed by the piecewise model, which confirms the nonlinearity of the relationship and the existence of a breakpoint. The value of the breakpoint was estimated at near 30% forest cover, and the data set revealed a very sharp decrease in richness and abundance. The value is close to other thresholds obtained in simulated and empirical studies, predicting a threshold between 10% and 30% of habitat in the landscape. Although many studies advocate a species-specific response to habitat loss and fragmentation, Sapotaceae as a whole experienced a dramatic decrease in richness in landscapes with reduced forest cover, most likely due to a common response to deleterious effects triggered by the reduction in habitat, and defaunation. Despite the fact that several processes occur during habitat reduction, such as fragmentation, isolation, increasing edge effects, and loss of key species, we obtained a strong signal of species reduction in response to habitat loss. The extensive sampling conducted and the scale used in this study, with regard to an important and representative group of plant species, reinforces the applicability of this type of study from the standpoint of policy strategies, to promote both species conservation and agricultural activities.

Cavity-nesting vertebrates are an important component of biodiversity in tropical and subtropical forests, but their persistence will increasingly depend on remnant trees in logged forest and agricultural areas. To identify key habitat features for conservation, we examined the factors that influenced daily nest survival for a community of cavity-nesting birds along a gradient of human impact, from primary Atlantic Forest through logged forest to farms. We used logistic-exposure models to determine how characteristics of the habitat, nest tree, cavity, and timing influenced daily nest survival. Overall, predation and/or usurpation caused 92% of nest failures. Daily survival rates ranged 0.961–0.992 for five species of birds that could be studied best, giving probabilities of 0.19–0.62 of survival from laying to fledging. The top models predicting nest survival included cavity and tree characteristics but no habitat variables (canopy cover, forest condition, or distance to forest edge). Small birds (12–128 g) experienced higher nest survival in cavities with smaller entrance diameters, higher above the ground. Large birds (141–400 g) experienced higher nest survival in living trees than in dead trees. Birds experienced similar nest survival in primary forest, logged forest, and farms. Our results highlight the conservation value of cavity-bearing trees in anthropogenic habitats. A pressing policy issue for tropical and subtropical forests is to move beyond minimum diameter cutting limits and instead focus on retention of large old trees.

Even though Brazil is the world leader in amphibian diversity, a significant part of its richness remains unknown or hidden under cryptic taxa. Here, we used model-based species delimitation in an integrative taxonomic approach, by gathering molecular and morphometric data to assess cryptic taxa within the monkey frogs Pithecopus rohdei, from the Atlantic Forest, and P. megacephalus, from campos rupestres ecosystem. We sampled one mitochondrial, five nuclear loci, and 18 morphometric variables. Using species-delimitation methods with genetic and morphometric data, we recovered five divergent lineages within P. rohdei and no cryptic lineages were recovered for P. megacephalus. Morphometric data show differentiation only for one of the candidate species revealed by the delimitation approaches, suggesting that individuals from Doce River basin constitute a putative species for formal taxonomic description. The time-calibrated mtDNA tree shows that P. rohdei complex lineages began to diverge in late Miocene. However, dates from the multilocus species tree are more recent, occurring in Pleistocene, and suggesting their persistence in refuges of forest and sky islands within the Atlantic Forest biome. The existence of cryptic taxa within P. rohdei is, therefore, relevant for planning conservation strategies for this species complex in the Atlantic Forest biodiversity hotspot.

Domestic dogs (Canis lupus familiaris) are one of the most common exotic species in protected areas, and their impact is an important conservation concern. This study evaluated the occurrence of domestic dogs in one of the world's largest urban forests, the Tijuca National Park (TNP; 3953 ha), the most visited Park in Brazil. From April to September 2016, 42 camera-trap stations, spaced 0.5 km among them, were set in TNP, covering an area of 1050 ha. Population size and density of dogs were estimated, and the spatial distribution of dogs evaluated in relation to the distance to the Park's boundaries and to paved roads. Dogs’ circadian activity pattern and its overlap with those of the five most recorded native mammal species were also studied. The estimated population size of dogs was 29 ± 4.86 (mean ± SE) individuals, and the estimated density was between 0.74 ind./km2 and 1.37 ind./km2. Domestic dogs were widely distributed in the Park, and the number of independent dog records was not related to proximity to paved roads or the boundaries of the Park. The domestic dog was mainly diurnal in TNP, overlapping its activity mostly with the red humped agouti Dasyprocta leporina and the coati Nasua nasua. The absence of pups indicates that dogs come from surrounding areas rather than being a feral population within TNP. Therefore, managing strategies must consider the engagement of local people.

Time-lagged responses of biological variables to landscape modifications are widely recognized, but rarely considered in ecological studies. In order to test for the existence of time-lags in the response of trees, small mammals, birds and frogs to changes in fragment area and connectivity, we studied a fragmented and highly dynamic landscape in the Atlantic forest region. We also investigated the biological correlates associated with differential responses among taxonomic groups. Species richness and abundance for four taxonomic groups were measured in 21 secondary forest fragments during the same period (2000–2002), following a standardized protocol. Data analyses were based on power regressions and model selection procedures. The model inputs included present (2000) and past (1962, 1981) fragment areas and connectivity, as well as observed changes in these parameters. Although past landscape structure was particularly relevant for trees, all taxonomic groups (except small mammals) were affected by landscape dynamics, exhibiting a time-lagged response. Furthermore, fragment area was more important for species groups with lower dispersal capacity, while species with higher dispersal ability had stronger responses to connectivity measures. Although these secondary forest fragments still maintain a large fraction of their original biodiversity, the delay in biological response combined with high rates of deforestation and fast forest regeneration imply in a reduction in the average age of the forest. This also indicates that future species losses are likely, especially those that are more strictly-forest dwellers. Conservation actions should be implemented to reduce species extinction, to maintain old-growth forests and to favour the regeneration process. Our results demonstrate that landscape history can strongly affect the present distribution pattern of species in fragmented landscapes, and should be considered in conservation planning.

While ecosystem services provide benefits at various spatial scales, often the decision to conserve an ecosystem lies with the local people. Knowing the perceptions of local landowners of the benefits provided by ecosystem services cannot only help in the design of efficient mechanisms for environmental conservation, but also in achieving the support of these mechanisms by the local stakeholders. In this article we use both standard scientific assessment and the stakeholders' local ecological knowledge in order to acquire information about both the ecological integrity of an Atlantic Forest watershed, and the ecosystem services it provides. In a small-scale case study of the Macabu River watershed in Brazil, we investigated and compared a rapid field assessment of stream ecological integrity with the stakeholders' local environmental perceptions as revealed through interviews. This comparison indicates that the farmers tended to overestimate the ecological integrity of the stream reaches located inside their properties. However, the farmers also showed ecological knowledge about the environment and forests' ecosystem services, such as the maintenance of water supply and suitable climatic conditions. Our results thus indicate that the farmers' perceptions about the environmental impacts and ecological integrity of forest and water are apparently more strongly influenced by direct uses and opportunity costs, representing a market failure of asymmetrical information. Such market failure could be overcome by more fully informing farmers about ecosystem services and possible direct economic advantages of riparian forests.

Understanding the response of tropical plant communities to human disturbance is critical for conserving biodiversity in a changing world. Here we examine the shifts experienced by understory herb assemblages while inhabiting small forest fragments in a fragmented Atlantic forest landscape to infer about community-level shifts imposed by either habitat loss or fragmentation. We established 100 25-m2 plots, placed randomly in 10 forest fragments and 10 forest interior patches, in which all herb species were recorded, litter accumulation, soil temperature and moisture were estimated. We recorded a total of 6027 herbs belonging to 134 species, with a predominance of ferns, grasses, aroids, sedges and calatheas. Forest fragments and forest interior exhibited similar densities of herbs: 64.4 ± 57.8 herbs/25 m2 vs. 56.1 ± 44.1, respectively. Species richness was reduced by a half in forest fragments at plot and habitat spatial scales. Fragments were particularly impoverished in terms of ferns, aroids and calatheas, but supported a subset of proliferating native herbs and indicator/exclusive species; i.e. a taxonomically and ecologically distinct herb flora. Fragments also supported less humid soils covered by a thicker litter layer and these attributes correlated to species distributions in both forest habitats. Our results suggest that habitat loss and fragmentation, particularly the establishment of illuminated and desiccated forest edges, result in the extirpation of particular ecological groups with a few species/ecological groups experiencing proliferation, such as light-demanding species. Collectively, these processes result in impoverished/altered assemblages at multiple spatial scales, potentially limiting the conservation services provided by human-modified landscapes.

Monitoring forest ecosystems requires accurate and up-to-date information on the type and extent of forest depletions, which may exist but are not always open and transparent. The ever growing, freely accessible Landsat archive provides data to derive such information; however, the manipulation of raw imagery can constitute a barrier to those lacking remote sensing expertise. The Landsat-based, global dataset of annual forest loss (version 1.0, Hansen et al., 2013) makes such information readily available. While the accuracy of this dataset has been assessed at the global scale, its applicability for reliable local monitoring of forest harvesting has not yet been validated. Here we undertake such an exercise in a temperate forest in Atlantic Canada. We used a census, polygon-based approach to comprehensively assess thematic, temporal and structural accuracy. We vectorized Hansen's forest loss raster for the 8,520 km2 of public lands in the Miramichi River basin (13,496 km2), which yielded 9299 polygons of 1 ha minimum size. Then we used the provincial forest harvest inventory as reference. User's and producer's accuracies were 81% and 82% based on area, and 86% and 85% based on polygon counts. Detection probability decreased with decreasing cutblock size and harvest intensity. From all Hansen polygons, 85% had the correct harvest year and 88% structurally matched one or more reference polygons either alone or together with other Hansen polygons. After the validation, we used the Hansen dataset to derive trends for the entire basin. Mean annual harvest rate was 0.92 ha/km2/year between 2000 and 2012. Most of the catchments around the western headwaters of the Miramichi River underwent intensive harvesting, underscoring the need of further monitoring. Our results indicate that the Hansen dataset could be used as a surrogate harvest layer for temperate forests where clear-cutting is common and fire is rare.

The Brazilian Atlantic Forest (BAF) is recognized as one of the world’s biodiversity hotspots, with even more species per unit of area than the Amazon, however the mechanisms that led to such astonishing diversity are yet to be fully understood. In this study, we investigate the diversification of two co-distributed frog genera associated with montane areas of southern BAF: Melanophryniscus (Bufonidae) and Brachycephalus (Brachycephalidae). Species delimitation methods using mitochondrial and nuclear loci supported the existence of a remarkable number of highly endemic species in each genus, most of which occupy only one or a few adjacent mountaintops. Their timing of diversification was highly congruent, supporting recent speciation events within the past 600 thousand years. Extended Bayesian skyline plots indicate that most populations have remained relatively stable in size across the evolutionary past, with recent growth after 0.15 My, suggesting that the drastic changes found in previous studies on lowland frog species were not shared by these montane taxa. These results are consistent with the existence of a montane refugium in southern BAF, allowing species persistence through the climatic shifts experienced along the BAF during the Quaternary.

Forest reserves in Ghana are the only significant refugia of natural tropical forests, but they are threatened by land use pressures that have led to widespread forest degradation. Additional stress from climate perturbations, such as droughts, can reduce fuel moisture and lead to fires that render the reserves more vulnerable to further degradation. Here, we explore recent drought-associated wildfires in the forest zone of Ghana to better understand the combined effects of forest degradation and drought stress on fire in the forest reserves. We used remotely sensed Earth observations from MODIS and Landsat 8 along with Climate Hazards Group Infrared Precipitation with Stations (CHIRPS) precipitation data, to study fires that occurred during drought conditions in 2016. Fires were widespread in 2016, with an estimated 2137 km2 of forest reserve area burned. During the period 2003–2017, forest reserves experienced the most active fire detections in 2016. The majority of these fires were located in the moist semi-deciduous forests, the largest and most economically valuable forest type, accounting for more than 50% of all active fires and burned area. Forest reserves within the moist semi-deciduous forest type also had the highest standardized fire anomalies in 2016. There was a higher percentage of burned area in degraded forest reserves than in more intact reserves. These results underscore the vulnerability of Ghana’s forest reserves, particularly in the moist semi-deciduous type, to fires during severe droughts. Although drought predisposes moist tropical forests to fire, forest degradation also influences the spatial pattern and extent of burned forests. Fire-induced forest degradation presents a major challenge for conservation of humid tropical forests in the region. Within the context of REDD+ and other climate change mitigation and adaptation programs in West Africa, it will be imperative to incorporate effective fire management strategies into ongoing efforts to reduce forest degradation and sustain forest resilience.

Gymnodactylus darwinii is an endemic lizard from Atlantic Rainforest. Ecological aspects of your parasitic fauna are still unknown. Therefore, the goal of the present study was to know the composition of parasitic fauna of G. darwinii in an Atlantic Rainforest fragment, as well to test the influence of the size, sex and seasonality on parasitological indices. The study was carried out in two conservation units: Mata do Camucim and Mata do Tapacurá, both located in the municipality of São Lourenço da Mata, Pernambuco state, northeast region of Brazil. Sixty-five specimens were collected, of which 39 (569%) were parasitized by cystacanths of Acanthocephala (prevalence 43%; mean intensity 4 ± 9.9; mean abundance 3.82 ± 7.87), Geckobia sp. (Acari, Pterygosomatidae) (prevalence 30.7%; mean intensity 4 ± 15.0; mean abundance 3.74 ± 9.54), Physaloptera sp. larvae (Nematoda, Physalopteridae) (prevalence 4.6%; mean intensity 1 ± 0.47; mean abundance 0.06 ± 0.47) and Paradistomum rabusculum (Trematoda, Dicrocoeliidae) (prevalence 1.2%; mean intensity 1; mean abundance 0.02). Acanthocephalans presented a significant relation with the animal length (r² = 0.31, p = 0.006, n = 28). Infestation by Geckobia sp. was more frequent during the dry season (BLM: p = 0.001), while the infection by Acanthocephalans was frequent in dry and rainy seasons, with no significant variation (BLM: p = 0.78). In addition, the most prevalent parasites showed no significant difference in relation to sex: males and females showed similar infestation intensity by Geckobia sp. (BLM: p = 0.31) and infection by Acanthocephala (BLM: p = 0.34). This is the first study about the parasitic ecology of G. darwinii, representing a significant contribution to the conservation of this species and the ecosystem in which they inhabit.

Brazil’s Atlantic Forest biome is severely degraded and fragmented throughout its range. Developing effective techniques to restore pasture and agriculture back to native vegetation is therefore a priority for legal and conservation purposes. In this study, we evaluate the ability of artificial bird perches to enhance the arrival of new seeds and seedling establishment in a degraded, semi-deciduous seasonal portion of the Atlantic Forest in southern Brazil. Specifically, we assess the influence of previous land use and habitat types on the abundance, species richness and ecological traits of bird-dispersed seeds, as well as on seedling establishment. Eight sampling sites were established, each containing one unit with seed traps and restoration plots under artificial perches and one similar unit without the perches. These sites were located in pasture and agriculture, distributed between riparian and sub-montane areas. Monthly sampling was conducted over two years between December 2005 and November 2007, resulting in the evaluation of 25,755 seeds and 56 endozoochoric seed species. The most abundant species were the pioneers Cecropia pachystachya Trécul and Solanum americanum Mill. Experimental units with perches received significantly more seeds than control units. Moreover, seed arrival was higher in sub-montane areas and on former pasture sites. Species richness followed a similar pattern of higher seed arrival, but there was no effect of vegetation type. Ecological characteristics of seeds were associated with land use type: former pastures received more tree seeds and pioneer species than expected by chance. Seedling establishment was very low in all treatments, with only eight seedlings established in perch plots by the end of the experiment. We conclude that despite artificial perches significantly increasing the arrival of endozoochoric seeds onto degraded lands, seedling establishment is drastically limited in these areas, compromising the efficacy of this technique for restoration purposes.

Forests provide important habitat for much of the world’s biodiversity, and the continuing global deforestation is one of our greatest environmental concerns. Planted forests represent an increasing proportion of the global forest area and partly compensate for the loss of natural forest in terms of forest area, habitat for biodiversity and ecological function. At current rates, over 30% of the remaining natural forest area will be lost by the end of the century and planted forests would then represent over 20% of the total forest area. This places a greater demand on planted forests to contribute to the conservation of biodiversity and their provision of biodiversity-dependent ecosystem services. We reviewed recent trends of deforestation, afforestation and reforestation to evaluate the effects on forest biodiversity and the provision of ecosystem services. We placed particular emphasis on eucalypt plantations which continue to expand in numerous countries, especially in Brazil where rapid plantation expansion is creating the largest area of cultivated eucalypt forest worldwide. While government policies to associate plantation establishment with the protection and restoration of natural forests appear to be effective in the highly fragmented Atlantic forest, deforestation continues in Amazonia, mainly due to forest conversion associated with agricultural expansion. We conclude by reviewing methods for conserving biodiversity in planted forests at the stand- and landscape scales and with a view to enhancing the provision of biodiversity-related ecosystem services.

Factors influencing the relationship between ecosystem productivity and biological diversity form the basis of much ecological theory. An understanding of how productivity–diversity relationships are influenced by scale of observation and unique attributes of ecoregions may provide important insights to aid conservation planning for carbon retention and biodiversity. Here we use publically available datasets to investigate patterns of productivity–diversity and explore potential factors influencing these patterns in forests located in five mid-Atlantic and Appalachian states. We used a geographic information system (GIS) to overlay multiple publically available datasets including remotely sensed estimates of productivity from MODIS and tree diversity estimated from the forest inventory analysis (FIA) database. We evaluated productivity–diversity relationships using two scales of observation (among and within ecoregions). We also determined if productivity–diversity relationships might be related to region-wide patterns in land use, and if the relationships varied by forest type, land management zones, and along gradients of mean productivity and diversity. Productivity–diversity relationships depended on scale and varied among ecoregions, and land use was correlated with both productivity and diversity. Mountainous ecoregions were characterized by positive productivity–diversity relationships, whereas coastal ecoregions were characterized by negative productivity–diversity relationships. Forest types and management zones that were on average less productive and more diverse exhibited positive productivity–diversity relationships across stands (the most productive stands were more diverse). In contrast, ecoregions and forest types that were on average more productive and less diverse exhibited negative productivity–diversity relationships (the most productive stands were less diverse). In conclusion, regional and local ecological and anthropogenic factors likely influence productivity–diversity relationships and these relationships appear to change along gradients of productivity and diversity.

The effects of forest fragmentation on species richness, size and stability of bird mixed-species flocks were studied during rainy and dry seasons at nine Atlantic Forest fragments in Minas Gerais state, southeastern Brazil. Two distinct kinds of mixed-species flocks were identified at the study area: heterogeneous flock and understory flocks. The first type of association was observed in all forest fragments and was composed mainly of canopy and midstory species, but may include a few understory species. Understory flocks were composed mainly of understory species and were detected in only three forest fragments. Forest fragment area and season significantly affected species richness, size and stability of heterogeneous flocks. Moreover, species richness in heterogeneous flocks was correlated with total species pool in forest fragments. Species richness and size of understory flocks were different among the three forest fragments, but season influenced only flock size. Understory flock stability differed neither among forest fragments nor between seasons. The red-crowned ant-tanager Habia rubica was the nuclear and leader species of understory flocks, and determined the occurrence of this association in forest fragments. Our results show that forest fragmentation can affect species’ interactions in foraging associations, and that conservation plans for the region should preserve nuclear species of mixed-species flocks and their preferred habitats.

The increasing levels of mercury (Hg) found in the atmosphere arising from anthropogenic sources, have been the object of great concern in the past two decades in industrialized countries. Brazil is the seventh country with the highest rate of mercury in the atmosphere. The major input of Hg to ecosystems is through atmospheric deposition (wet and dry), being transported in the atmosphere over large distances. The forest biomes are of strong importance in the atmosphere/soil cycling of elemental Hg through foliar uptake and subsequent transference to the soil through litter, playing an important role as sink of this element. Soil microarthropods are keys to understanding the soil ecosystem, and for such purpose were characterized by the soil fauna of two Units of Forest Conservation of the state of the Rio de Janeiro, inwhich one of the areas suffer quite interference from petrochemicals and industrial anthropogenic activities and other area almost exempts of these perturbations. The results showed that soil and litter of the Atlantic Forest in Brazil tend to stock high mercury concentrations, which could affect the abundance and richness of soil fauna, endangering its biodiversity and thereby the functioning of ecosystems.

Secondary forests are expanding in defaunated fragmented tropical landscapes, but their resilience potential remains poorly understood. In this study we used a chronosequence of advancing (19–62-yr old) Atlantic forest regeneration following slash-and-burn agriculture to infer successional shifts in seed rain in terms of seed density, species richness, taxonomic and functional composition, and local spatial distribution. After monitoring seed rain during 12 months in 60 1-m2 seed traps, we recorded over 400,000 seeds belonging to 180 morphospecies. From early to late-successional stage, seed rain decreased in density, increased in per capita species richness, gradually changed in species composition, and became less aggregated spatially. Regardless the age of forest stand, vertebrate-dispersed seeds accounted for 67–75% of all species recorded. Large-seeded species typical of old-growth forests, on the other hand, accounted for only 5–8% of the species recorded in the seed rain, a proportion around five times smaller than that reported for the old-growth forests of the same study site (31%). Our results suggest that the secondary forests considered, which are embedded in one of the largest (3500 ha) and best preserved remnant of the severely fragmented Atlantic forest of Northeast Brazil, may fail attaining older successional stages due to the reduced availability of large-seeded late-successional species. This regeneration constraint may be even stronger in smaller, more isolated forest remnants of the region, potentially reducing their ability to provide ecosystem services.

Forests constitute one of the most important feeding and foraging habitats for bats. Because bat populations are declining, most likely due to habitat loss or fragmentation, it is imperative to understand the issues concerned with timber exploitation on bat conservation. We investigated the foraging activity of edge- and open-space foragers in relation to stand and vegetation structure, characteristics that are commonly affected by forestry. Acoustic surveys, culminating to 713 point count sites were undertaken covering 46 different forest massifs across mainland France over 6 years. We used generalized linear mixed models to analyse the activity of ten species: 6 edge-habitat and 4 open-habitat foragers. Pipistrellus pipistrellus was the most detected edge-habitat forager, while Nyctalus leisleri was the most recorded of the open-habitat foragers. Eptesicus serotinus and P. pipistrellus responded positively to heterogeneous vertical vegetation volume. In addition, P. kuhlii and P. nathusii responded negatively to tree basal area. Barbastella barbastellus, Hypsugo savii, and P. nathusii were associated with either ground deadwood and/or logging tracks and minor-traffic roads, confirming the importance of edge space. Finally, B. barbastellus, E. serotinus, and P. nathusii were positively linked to the presence of tree microhabitats. This study demonstrates that bat use in forests is complex and multifaceted. Maintaining ground deadwood and heterogeneity of vegetation, at the forest plot scale, should ensure the ecological functioning of exploited forest systems and the conservation of edge- and open-habitat foraging bats.

Quantifying species-habitat relationships provides guidance for establishment of recovery standards for endangered species, but research on forest bird habitat has been limited by availability of fine-grained forest structure data across broad extents. New tools for collection of data on forest bird response to fine-grained forest structure provide opportunities to evaluate habitat thresholds for forest birds. We used LiDAR-derived estimates of habitat attributes and resource selection to evaluate foraging habitat thresholds for recovery of the federally endangered red-cockaded woodpecker (Leuconotopicus borealis; RCW) on the Savannah River Site, South Carolina. First, we generated utilization distributions to define habitat use and availability for 30 RCW groups surveyed over a >4-h period twice per month between April 2013 and March 2015. Next, we used piecewise regression to characterize RCW threshold responses to LiDAR-derived habitat attributes described in the United States Fish and Wildlife Service recovery plan for RCW. Finally, we used resource utilization functions to estimate selection of specific habitat thresholds and used the magnitude of selection to prioritize thresholds for conservation. We identified lower and upper thresholds for densities of pines ≥35.6 cm dbh (22, 65 trees/ha), basal area (BA) of pines ≥25.4 cm dbh (1.4, 2.2 m2/ha), hardwood canopy cover (6, 31%), and BA of hardwoods 7.6–22.9 cm dbh (0.4, 6.07 m2/ha); we identified three thresholds for density of pines 7.6–25.4 cm dbh (56, 341, and 401 trees/ha). Selection rankings prioritized foraging habitat with <6% hardwood canopy cover (β = 0.254, 95% CI = 0.172–0.336), < 1.2 m2/ha BA of hardwoods 7.6–22.9 cm dbh (β = 0.162, 95% CI = 0.050–0.275), ≥1.4 m2/ha BA of pines ≥25.4 cm dbh (β = 0.055, 95% CI = 0.022–0.087), and ≥22 pines ≥35.6 cm dbh/ha (β = 0.015, 95% CI = 0.013–0.042). We identified habitat thresholds corresponding to open canopy structure, moderate densities of large and medium pines, and sparse hardwood midstory trees. Selection ranks prioritized multiple thresholds below USFWS range-wide recovery thresholds, indicating site-specific management goals may be beneficial for RCW conservation. Fine-grained LiDAR-derived habitat data coupled with GPS-derived habitat use can guide forest bird conservation by identifying the full range of structural conditions associated with threshold responses.

Roads and topography can determine patterns of land use and distribution of forest cover, particularly in tropical regions. We evaluated how road density, land use, and topography affected forest fragmentation, deforestation and forest regrowth in a Brazilian Atlantic Forest region near the city of São Paulo. We mapped roads and land use/land cover for three years (1962, 1981 and 2000) from historical aerial photographs, and summarized the distribution of roads, land use/land cover and topography within a grid of 94 non-overlapping 100 ha squares. We used generalized least squares regression models for data analysis. Our models showed that forest fragmentation and deforestation depended on topography, land use and road density, whereas forest regrowth depended primarily on land use. However, the relationships between these variables and forest dynamics changed in the two studied periods; land use and slope were the strongest predictors from 1962 to 1981, and past (1962) road density and land use were the strongest predictors for the following period (1981–2000). Roads had the strongest relationship with deforestation and forest fragmentation when the expansions of agriculture and buildings were limited to already deforested areas, and when there was a rapid expansion of development, under influence of São Paulo city. Furthermore, the past (1962) road network was more important than the recent road network (1981) when explaining forest dynamics between 1981 and 2000, suggesting a long-term effect of roads. Roads are permanent scars on the landscape and facilitate deforestation and forest fragmentation due to increased accessibility and land valorization, which control land-use and land-cover dynamics. Topography directly affected deforestation, agriculture and road expansion, mainly between 1962 and 1981. Forest are thus in peril where there are more roads, and long-term conservation strategies should consider ways to mitigate roads as permanent landscape features and drivers facilitators of deforestation and forest fragmentation.

Evaluating the impacts of large infra-structure projects on biodiversity is challenging, especially for linear projects such as power lines, which may extend over large geographical areas. Here we show how landscape metrics can be easily incorporated into Environmental Impact Assessment to identify the best alternative location for implementing linear infrastructures. To do so, we evaluated as a case study three alternative paths presented in the Environmental Impact Assessment of a power line in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. For each path, we calculated habitat availability – an integrative metric that combines habitat amount and connectivity – for eight hypothetical species, and four complementary metrics for comparison (habitat amount and number, size and isolation of habitat patches). Habitat availability varied substantially among alternative paths, being up to 46% higher for one path compared to another one. Complementary landscape metrics varied little among alternative paths, and did not converge for the same results of habitat availability, most likely because these metrics do not consider connectivity, a critical ecological attribute of landscapes affected by power lines. Our results indicate that habitat availability can be a useful metric to inform landscape-level decision-making involved in Environmental Impact Assessment, particularly in transmission line projects.

This study represents a rapid assessment approach on the composition of soil seed banks in the Atlantic rainforest in Brazil and therefore marks a tool for the fast estimation of one important aspect of the regeneration ability of forest sites with different disturbance histories.The project was carried out in a private reserve in the state of Rio de Janeiro, where research plots were established in three different forest sites: in continuous forest where selective logging took place, in forest regrowth after complete cutdown about 60 years ago and in a forest fragment. Additionally data from another forest remnant in this region were added to compare especially the results concerning the influence of fragmentation processes on soil seed bank structure.With remarkably less sampling effort compared to germination experiments the sieving method is resulting in a fast gain of information on this particular topic which still is comparable to already published results.Every investigation site in our study differs considerably in soil seed bank composition concerning their disturbance history. Furthermore coherences between canopy structure and the density of small-sized seeds in the soil, as well as edge effects within the forest fragments were observed. We recognised a higher amount of small seeds under more open canopy conditions in general and discovered trends of higher species richness near the forest boundary in the forest fragments.This rapid assessment approach might be an easy to handle tool and a practical alternative to more extensive germination experiments for upcoming investigations on the regeneration capability in highly fragmented and disturbed landscapes like the Atlantic rainforest.

Brazilian environmental legislation provides protection to native flora in different ways. However, the predominantly non-forest ecosystems of Brazil have no specific legislation protecting their ecological particularities. Many authors have emphasized the relevance of recognizing the ecological importance of non-forest ecosystems and the need to include them in conservation priorities. Southern Brazil, northeastern Argentina and Uruguay harbor one of the most fascinating ecosystems of the southern South American grasslands, the Butia palm groves. These are natural non-forest ecosystems dominated by populations of Butia species (Arecaceae) scattered through the grassy matrix. Land conversion to agriculture, silviculture and urban sprawl are the greatest threats to these palm species. For instance, in the southern Brazilian Pampa grasslands where palm groves were once very abundant, 26% of the natural grasslands have been lost over a period of 30 years. This significant habitat loss is aggravated by the protection of only 0.4 per cent of the Pampa biome within legally designated areas. Furthermore, palm groves are not recognized in Brazilian official vegetation classification systems. Therefore, there is a need to recognize non-forest ecosystems as ecologically integral entities. This implies the necessity of understanding, for instance, that preservation of palm groves is critical to re-establish the natural processes of these ecosystems, i.e., to begin to support the natural renewal process of palm groves, jointly with conserving the natural grassy matrix and all its diverse flora and fauna. Public policies focusing on these ecosystems and species must include promotion of sustainable use of their products, using their economic value to increase interest in their conservation. Practices that ensure the renewal of populations, such as conservative grazing management and ecosystem restoration, also need to be implemented.

We present a review of more than 30 years of ecological restoration in the Brazilian part of the Atlantic Forest. Based on what has been done in this biome, we try to summarize the main findings and challenges for restoration in this highly threatened forest biome. We found that many past experiences did not result in self-perpetuating forests, for different reasons. Currently, most projects aim to construct self-sustaining communities and no longer see restoration as a deterministic process. We also found that the reconstruction of permanent forest with high diversity is feasible but it depends on the strategies applied and on the surrounding landscape. Although many new techniques have been created (e.g. seed rain management or promotion of natural regeneration), the most used one in the Atlantic Forest is still the planting of many native species from different functional groups. Native species are largely used and perform well even in highly disturbed environments. Today, many projects are trying to produce thousands of hectares of permanent forests and many technical advances are about to be incorporated. But restoration also faces some main challenges to become an effective and widespread means of conserving the Atlantic Forest which are, namely, reducing costs, planning restoration actions at landscape-level, and conforming to socio-political issues. The socio-political tools to overcome such barriers in practice have yet to be developed.

The alliance between remote sensing techniques and biophysical indicators can be valuable to studies on diagnosis and monitoring, especially in threatened habitats, such as the Atlantic Rainforest. This approach may improve monitoring through diagnosing forest fragments instead of quantifying only forest area reduction. This paper aims to evaluate relationships between forest structure and vegetation indices in Atlantic Rainforest fragments, in southeastern Brazil. Two Landsat 7 ETM+ images acquired in humid and dry seasons were used, and measurements of forest structure in nine forest fragments and in a continuous forest area in the Guapiaçú River Basin, in Rio de Janeiro State were taken. Three vegetation indices (normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI), moisture vegetation index using Landsat's band 5 (MVI5) and moisture vegetation index using Landsat's band 7 (MVI7)) were correlated with measurements of forest structure (frequency of multiple-stemmed trees, density of trees, mean and range of tree diameter, mean and range of tree height and average of basal area). Models describing the relationships between forest structure and vegetation indices using linear regression analysis were also developed. MVI5 and MVI7 showed the best performances in dense humid forests, whereas NDVI seems to be a good indicator of green biomass in deciduous and dry forests. Moreover, the saturation matter in vegetation indices and the transferability of relationships between biophysical characteristics and vegetation indices to other sites and times were discussed.

Euterpe edulis is an endangered species due to palm heart overharvesting, the most important non-timber forest product of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, and fruit exploitation has been introduced as a low impacting alternative. However, E. edulis is a keystone species for frugivores birds, and even the impact of fruit exploitation needs to be better investigated. Since this species occurs over contrasting habitats, the establishment of site-specific standards and limits for exploitation may also be essential to achieve truly sustainable management. In this context, we sought to investigate how soil chemical composition would potentially affect E. edulis (Arecaceae) palm heart and fruit exploitation considering current standards of management. We studied natural populations found in Restinga Forest and Atlantic Rainforest remnants established within Natural Reserves of São Paulo State, SE Brazil, where 10.24 ha permanent plots, composed of a grid of 256 subplots (20 m × 20 m), were located. In each of these subplots, we evaluated soil chemical composition and diameter at breast height of E. edulis individuals. Additionally, we evaluated fruit yield in 2008 and 2009 in 20 individuals per year. The Atlantic Rainforest population had a much higher proportion of larger diameter individuals than the population from the Restinga Forest, as a result of habitat-mediated effects, especially those related to soil. Sodium and potassium concentration in Restinga Forest soils, which have strong negative and positive effect on palm growth, respectively, played a key role in determining those differences. Overall, the number of fruits that could be exploited in the Atlantic Rainforest was four times higher than in Restinga Forest. If current rules for palm heart and fruit harvesting were followed without any restriction to different habitats, Restinga Forest populations are under severe threat, as this study shows that they are not suitable for sustainable management of both fruits and palm heart. Hence, a habitat-specific approach of sustainable management is needed for this species in order to respect the demographic and ecological dynamics of each population to be managed. These findings suggest that any effort to create general management standards of low impacting harvesting may be unsuccessful if the species of interest occur over a wide range of ecosystems.

The estimation of carbon accumulation in restoration areas over time is an important step for the evaluation of the success of restoration programs and to indicate the best practices for forest management and conservation. In the present study, we evaluated the aboveground biomass (AGB) of 10 tree species (fast-growing and slow-growing tree species) that are representative of the Brazilian Atlantic forest to test if biomass accumulation varies with tree age and ecological group (fast- and slow-growing). We also used regression models to simulate how much carbon is sequestered over time in restoration areas of tropical wet forests. The results exhibited differences between the two groups in terms of biomass accumulation; the slow-growing species accumulated an almost two-fold higher amount of total biomass (379.4 kg) than the fast-growing species (208.56 kg). The estimated age of the individuals explained the biomass accumulation: the long-lived and slow-growing species accumulate less biomass over a longer time, and the short-lived fast-growing species accumulate more biomass over a shorter period. These differences suggest that the fast-growing tree species contribute more to the carbon stock during the early years (approximately 37 years) of the restoration and that the slow-growing species contribute more significantly during the later stages of succession. We estimated that second-growth forests (41–60 years old) accumulate more than two-fold carbon than immature forest (21–40 years old) and much more than ten-fold carbon than young forests (7–20 years old). These differences in carbon sequestration magnitudes suggest that services provided by restoration areas, can increase exponentially in the first 60 years, and this is particularly important for future conservation and management of areas undergoing restoration.

The Upper Parana Atlantic Forest, as with other areas, has been modified due to anthropogenic activities, generating a mosaic of agricultural fields and forests of varying ages and levels of conservation. The objective of this study was to identify structural and floristic patterns in secondary forests generated in abandoned fields with varying historic uses. Changes in vegetation were surveyed using chronosequences from 2 to 70 years. Stands with different land use histories in three areas of northern Misiones, Argentina, were considered. Adults (DBH ≥ 10 cm), saplings (3 ≥ DBH < 10 cm), seedlings (DBH < 3 cm and height ≥ 50 cm) and non-arboreous vegetation (herbaceous plants and shrubs) were surveyed. Data was analyzed using multivariate techniques (TWINSPAN, Detrended Correspondence Analysis, Cluster Analysis, and Kruskal–Wallis test). In the floristic analysis, two main forest groups were identified: one made up of primary forest and oldest secondary forest (>20 years), and another of the youngest secondary forests (<20 years). Basal area and density of individuals (seedlings, saplings, and adults) rapidly increased during the first two decades, and subsequently the adult category reached values comparable to those of mature forests (32 m2/ha and 850 individuals/ha). During the early years of succession, the forests showed floristic and structural differences related to history of use previous to abandonment; abandoned annual crops showed the greatest densities of saplings and seedlings, while abandoned pastures presented only individuals in the seedling category, and at very low densities. In stands analyzed since the beginning of succession, species of several ecological groups were present (pioneer, initial secondary, late secondary), while climax species appeared only in the seedling category, and in abandoned pastures no species of the later groups were recorded. Our results suggest that differences recorded during the early years of regeneration in sites with varying historic uses may be generated mainly by remnant vegetation at the time of abandonment of the fields (grasses and remnant monoculture plants). After 20 years of succession, it was no longer possible to differentiate the forests structurally or floristically, regardless of age or historic use of each stand. Due to their rapid regeneration capacity, the forests studied play an important role from the start of the successional process in heterogeneous anthropogenic landscapes such as that of Misiones, and contribute to maintaining biodiversity while providing numerous environmental services.

The Atlantic Rain Forest, an important biodiversity hot spot, has faced severe habitat loss since the last century which has resulted in a highly fragmented landscape with a large number of small forest patches (<100 ha). For conservation planning it is essential to understand how current and future forest regeneration depends on ecological processes, fragment size and the connection to the regional seed pool. We have investigated the following questions by applying the forest growth simulation model FORMIND to the situation of the Atlantic Forest in the state of São Paulo, SE Brazil: (1) which set of parameters describing the local regeneration and level of density regulation can reproduce the biomass distribution and stem density of an old growth forest in a reserve? (2) Which additional processes apart from those describing the dynamics of an old growth forest, drive forest succession of small isolated fragments? (3) Which role does external seed input play during succession? Therefore, more than 300 tree species have been classified into nine plant functional types (PFTs), which are characterized by maximum potential height and shade tolerance. We differentiate between two seed dispersal modes: (i) local dispersal, i.e. all seedlings originated from fertile trees within the simulated area and (ii) external seed rain. Local seed dispersal has been parameterized following the pattern oriented approach, using biomass estimates of old growth forest. We have found that moderate density regulation is essential to achieve coexistence for a broad range of regeneration parameters. Considering the expected uncertainty and variability in the regeneration processes it is important that the forest dynamics are robust to variations in the regeneration parameters. Furthermore, edge effects such as increased mortality at the border and external seed rain have been necessary to reproduce the patterns for small isolated fragments. Overall, simulated biomass is much lower in the fragments compared to the continuous forest, whereas shade tolerant species are affected most strongly by fragmentation. Our simulations can supplement empirical studies by extrapolating local knowledge on edge effects of fragments to larger temporal and spatial scales. In particular our results show the importance of external seed rain and therefore highlight the importance of structural connectivity between regenerating fragments and mature forest stands.

This study provides an approximation of the potential impact of fuelwood harvesting in one of the most threatened tropical biodiversity conservation hotspots, the northern portion of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. We test the relationship between fuelwood consumption and per capita income for 270 households distributed over 7 rural settlements. In general 76% of the households use fuelwood regularly and consume on average 686 kg/person/year of tree biomass, poorer people, however, consume 961 kg/person/year. Harvesting is concentrated to a few early successional species. Yet, annual rural population demand from 210 municipalities may reach 303,793 tons, equivalent to 1.2 to 2.1 thousand hectares of tropical forest. Fuelwood harvesting cannot be ignored as a major and chronic source of forest degradation in highly fragmented and densely populated landscapes and conciliating biodiversity conservation with poverty amelioration is an urgent task.

We estimated population sizes of parrots in a large (Sooretama/Linhares) and a small (Porto Seguro) lowland Atlantic forest reserve, and examined their habitat associations within the reserves, and their use of forest fragments. In Sooretama, most species had estimated populations between 1000 and 20,000 individuals, but in the smaller reserve population densities were low and all but one species had population estimates <500. Two Amazons, including the ‘Endangered’ Amazona rhodocorytha, were strongly linked to primary forests whereas the ‘Vulnerable’ Pyrrhura cruentata was associated with non-pristine forest. There was considerable movement of parrots between the Sooretama reserve and the surrounding country with Amazona species tending to fly into the reserve during the mornings, and the macaw Propyrrhura maracana flying out. Other species, notably P. cruentata and P. leucotis, were never recorded away from the reserve. Most parrot populations in the region are likely to be small, and the substantial populations around Sooretama make this reserve a parrot stronghold. It is crucial that fire, illegal logging and parrot capture are adequately controlled within Sooretama, and there is a strong argument for extending conservation management efforts to areas immediately outside the reserve.

The Iberian Peninsula constitutes the south-western limit of the European distribution of Fagus sylvatica L. However, although the Iberian North-West extreme would appear to be climatically suitable for the species, F. sylvatica is not present there. This fact has led to the suggestion that the species is not yet in equilibrium with the climate and that there is a migration lag in the post-glacial expansion of the species. The objective of this work is to understand the main biotic and abiotic factors driving F. sylvatica distribution and population dynamics in the Iberian Atlantic biogeographical region over recent decades. Furthermore, in the light of other studies which suggest that the expansion of F. sylvatica in North-Western Iberia might be related to the retraction of Q. petraea (Matt.) Leibl. forests, we also study the demographic trends of both F. sylvatica and Q. petraea along with oak-beech interaction processes to infer forest succession dynamics.Using data from the last two cycles of the Spanish National Forest Inventory (1986–2012) for the study area (the Iberian Atlantic biogeographical region); dominance, population structure, recruitment and basal area increment were analyzed in different forest types for the two target species. General linear models and Bayesian structural equation modelling techniques were also applied to study the direct and indirect drivers of recruitment and forest succession.Contrary to what might be expected under the current conditions of climatic change, the population of F. sylvatica in North-Western Iberia is expanding, the basal area increment of F. sylvatica increasing westwards and new recruitment occurring in the lowlands. Accordingly, the Iberian Atlantic biogeographical region may be considered one of the leading edges of F. sylvatica. Our results also identify an inter-specific relationship between Q. petraea and F. sylvatica which negatively affects Q. petraea. The findings demonstrate that Q. petraea forests are being replaced by F. sylvatica forests in North-Western Iberia. These results not only confirm a previous biogeographical hypothesis but also provide new leads for forest management and conservation strategies under current and future climatic conditions.

The human-induced introductions of marmoset species (Callithrix genus) threaten the native species persistence within Brazilian biodiversity hotspots. Invasive marmosets can hybridize with native congeners reducing the genetic integrity on native populations. However, no study quantified the spatial extent of these invasions and which species can be impacted by a hybridization process. Here, we predicted the range expansion and hence the potential geographic overlap between Callithrix species, particularly in Atlantic Forest and Cerrado, to discuss management strategies. We hypothesized that marmosets endemic to the Atlantic Forest are more threatened by invasive congeners than other marmosets. We generated species distribution models for six Callithrix species using four algorithms, six environmental layers and 445 georeferenced localities extracted from literature published since 2000. Suitability maps for each species were binarized using a 20-percentile threshold and overlapped to predict invasion and quantify hybridization potential risks. All Callithrix species had potential to expand their range within the Atlantic Forest although suitable habitats for C. flaviceps and C. kuhlii were more limited. C. jacchus and C. penicillata have already expanded their range to different biomes and our model shows that they can spread even further. The potential hybridization zones were identified within the distribution range of all species, and more markedly within Atlantic Forest species ranges. For assuring the ecosystem equilibriums, we urge to prevent the biological invasions and to control the human-induced Callithrix introductions and expansions within Neotropical hotspots.

Habitat loss and fragmentation promote relatively predicable shifts in the functional signature of tropical forest tree assemblages, but the full extent of cascading effects to biodiversity persistence remains poorly understood. Here we test the hypotheses that habitat fragmentation (a) alters the relative contribution of tree species exhibiting different reproductive traits; (b) reduces the diversity of pollination systems; and (c) facilitates the functional convergence of reproductive traits between edge-affected and early-secondary forest habitats (5–32 years old). This study was carried out in a severely fragmented 670-km2 forest landscape of the Atlantic forest of northeastern Brazil. We assigned 35 categories of reproductive traits to 3552 trees (DBH ⩾ 10 cm) belonging to 179 species, which described their pollination system, floral biology, and sexual system. Trait abundance was calculated for 55 plots of 0.1 ha across four habitats: forest edges, small forest fragments (3.4–83.6 ha), second-growth patches, and core tracts of forest interior within the largest available primary forest fragment (3500 ha) in the region. Edge-affected and secondary habitats showed a species-poor assemblage of trees exhibiting particular pollination systems, a reduced diversity of pollination systems, a higher abundance of reproductive traits associated with pollination by generalist diurnal vectors, and an elevated abundance of hermaphroditic trees. As expected, the reproductive signature of tree assemblages in forest edges and small fragments (edge-affected habitats), which was very similar to that of early second-growth patches, was greatly affected by both habitat type and plot distance to the nearest forest edge. In hyper-fragmented Atlantic forest landscapes, we predict that narrow forest corridors and small fragments will become increasingly dominated by edge-affected habitats that can no longer retain the full complement of tree life-history diversity and its attendant mutualists.

We argue that the history of a landscape and the driving forces acting in each of its sectors account for the recent condition of its structure and ecological functions, which, in turn, can be translated into the availability of ecosystem services. Therefore, the present study investigated the historical relationship between the forces that have induced changes in the use and settlement of the island of São Sebastião over five centuries, their resulting impacts and their influences on the availability of regulation, supply, recreation and cultural ecosystem services. We worked with a broad historical survey and maps of land use and natural vegetation from different time periods. Thus, although the historical data were not accurate about the exact areas used for agriculture or forest we could infer about losses and replacement of ecosystem services. Moreover, we observed the occurrence of three driving forces that alternated in intensity and importance over time, leading to forest gains and losses that especially led to the degradation of regulation services.

The long-term dynamics of plant communities remain poorly understood in isolated tropical forest fragments. Here we test the hypothesis that tropical tree assemblages in both small forest fragments and along forest edges of very large fragments are functionally much more similar to stands of secondary growth (5–65-yr old) than to core primary forest patches. The study was carried out in a severely fragmented landscape of the Brazilian Atlantic forest. Nine functional attributes of tree assemblages were quantified by sampling all trees (DBH ⩾ 10 cm) within 75 plots of 0.1 ha distributed in four forest habitats: small forest fragments (3.4–79.6 ha), forest edges, second-growth patches, and primary forest interior areas within a large forest fragment (3500 ha). These habitats were markedly different in terms of tree species richness, and in the proportion of pioneer, large-seeded, and emergent species. Age of second-growth stands explained between 31.4% and 88.2% of the variation in the functional attributes of tree assemblages in this habitat. As expected, most traits associated with forest edges and small forest fragments fell within the range shown by early (<25-yr old) and intermediate-aged secondary forest stands (25–45-yr old). In contrast to habitat type, tree assemblage attributes were not affected by vegetation type, soil type and the spatial location of plots. An ordination analysis documented a striking floristic drift in edge-affected habitats. Our results suggest that conservation policy guidelines will fail to protect aging, hyper-fragmented landscapes from drastic impoverishment if the remaining forest patches are heavily dominated by edge habitat.

Tropical dry forests (TDF) are highly important tropical forest ecosystems. Yet, these forests are highly threatened, usually neglected and only poorly studied. Understanding the long-term influences of environmental conditions on tree growth in these forests is crucial to understand the functioning, carbon dynamics and potential responses to future climate change of these forests. Dendrochronology can be used as a tool to provide these insights but has only scantly been applied in (dry) tropical forests. Here we evaluate the dendrochronological potential of four Caatinga neotropical dry forest tree species – Aspidosperma pyrifolium, Ziziphus joazeiro, Tabebuia aurea, and Libidibia ferrea – collected in two locations in northeastern Brazil (Sergipe state). We provide an anatomical characterization of the ring boundaries for the four species and investigate correlations of their growth with local and regional climatic variables. All four species form annual rings and show high inter-correlation (up to 0.806) and sensitivity (up to 0.565). Growth of all species correlated with local precipitation as well as with sea-surface temperatures in the tropical Atlantic and/or tropical Pacific oceans. We also show teleconnections between growth and the El Niño South Oscillation. The strong dependence of tree on precipitation is worrisome, considering that climate change scenarios forecast increased drought conditions in the Caatinga dry forest. Including more species and expanding dendrochronological studies to more areas would greatly improve our understanding of tree growth and functioning in TDFs. This type of knowledge is essential to assist the conservation, management and restoration of these critical tropical ecosystems.

The aim of this study was to map aboveground carbon stock of arboreal vegetation in the Savanna and Atlantic forest biomes in Minas Gerais State, Brazil, in order to assess the best spatial technique for mapping. The dataset was obtained from 148 forest fragments of these biomes. The best form of mapping was based on statistical criteria and mapping quality. The exponential semivariogram model was selected for conducting the study. The geographical model developed in this study for regression-kriging application was fitted having as input longitude and biome variables, and, globally, has presented good spatial behavior of the carbon stock distributed along the Minas Gerais State. From mapping carbon stock by different techniques, it was found that regression-kriging mapping was the most efficient. In addition, as the semivariograms were fitted for each biome using kriging and co-kriging, it is possible to stand out the flexibility for using regression-kriging, including biome as a categorical variable in the geographical model. Another result was the high correlation found between different forms of mapping, which adds reliability for this study. Thus, it was concluded that the carbon stock distribution in the arboreal vegetation of these two biomes is spatially structured. Ordinary kriging and co-kriging have presented satisfactory results, however, regression-kriging has been more reliable for mapping and estimating carbon stock distribution, in the Minas Gerais State.

We contend that traditional approaches to forest conservation and management will be inadequate given the predicted scale of social-economic and biophysical changes in the 21st century. New approaches, focused on anticipating and guiding ecological responses to change, are urgently needed to ensure the full value of forest ecosystem services for future generations. These approaches acknowledge that change is inevitable and sometimes irreversible, and that maintenance of ecosystem services depends in part on novel ecosystems, i.e., species combinations with no analog in the past. We propose that ecological responses be evaluated at landscape or regional scales using risk-based approaches to incorporate uncertainty into forest management efforts with subsequent goals for management based on Achievable Future Conditions (AFC). AFCs defined at a landscape or regional scale incorporate advancements in ecosystem management, including adaptive approaches, resilience, and desired future conditions into the context of the Anthropocene. Inherently forward looking, ACFs encompass mitigation and adaptation options to respond to scenarios of projected future biophysical, social-economic, and policy conditions which distribute risk and provide diversity of response to uncertainty. The engagement of science-management-public partnerships is critical to our risk-based approach for defining AFCs. Robust monitoring programs of forest management actions are also crucial to address uncertainty regarding species distributions and ecosystem processes. Development of regional indicators of response will also be essential to evaluate outcomes of management strategies. Our conceptual framework provides a starting point to move toward AFCs for forest management, illustrated with examples from fire and water management in the Southeastern United States. Our model is adaptive, incorporating evaluation and modification as new information becomes available and as social–ecological dynamics change. It expands on established principles of ecosystem management and best management practices (BMPs) and incorporates scenarios of future conditions. It also highlights the potential limits of existing institutional structures for defining AFCs and achieving them. In an uncertain future of rapid change and abrupt, unforeseen transitions, adjustments in management approaches will be necessary and some actions will fail. However, it is increasingly evident that the greatest risk is posed by continuing to implement strategies inconsistent with current understanding of our novel future.

Bromeliads are a diverse group of plants that includes many species whose individuals are capable of retaining water, forming habitats called phytotelmata. These habitats harbor a diversity of organisms including prokaryotes, unicellular eukaryotes, metazoans, and fungi. Among single-celled eukaryotic organisms, ciliates are generally the most abundant. In the present study, we used Illumina DNA sequencing to survey the eukaryotic communities, especially ciliates, inhabiting the tanks of the bromeliads Aechmea gamosepala and Vriesea platynema in the Atlantic Forest of southern Brazil. Filtered sequences were clustered into distinct OTUs using a 99% identity threshold, and then assigned to phylum and genus using a BLAST-based approach (implemented in QIIME) and the SILVA reference database. Both bromeliad species harbored very diverse eukaryotic communities, with Arthropoda and Ciliophora showing the highest abundance (as estimated by the number of sequence reads). The ciliate genus Tetrahymena was the most abundant among single-celled organisms, followed by apicomplexan gregarines and the ciliate genus Glaucoma. Another interesting finding was the presence and high abundance of Trypanosoma in these bromeliad tanks, demonstrating their occurrence in this type of environment. The results presented here demonstrate a hidden diversity of eukaryotes in bromeliad tank waters, opening up new avenues for their in-depth characterization.

The Brazilian Coastal Plain of the Pampa Biome (CPPB), has suffered fragmentation caused by resource extraction and cattle raising. In turn, conservation proposals are needed to prevent the anthropisation of Pampa natural areas. The first step towards conservation proposals by using insects is fauna inventories, providing data support for legislators. Thus, we undertook a regional and broad-scale sampling survey to investigate the diversity of Muscidae flies in protected and non-protected areas of CPPB. In addition, we carried out an ecological guild diversity analysis as a metric approach of bioindication. The Muscidae sampling resulted in 6314 specimens, 98 species taxa in 31 genera. Based on diversity estimators, our sampling represents 70–86% of all muscids of CPPB. The highest diversity occurs in Pelotas streams (non-protected) and Taim Ecological Station (a huge protected area). Despite the fact these areas are more diversified and present more predatory muscid species than others, invasive species associated with livestock were observed at a higher level, providing evidence of the impact of livestock proximity to protected areas. Based on biological characters of Muscidae species and ecological guild analysis, we were able to identify: (i) high diversity of carnivorous species associated with forested and more preserved areas and (ii) a high level of a few saprophagous species as indicator of anthropisation process. In general, our results represent a significant step towards understanding Muscidae in Southern Brazil, and we demonstrate how the population ecology of muscid flies supports data to conservation proposals.

Habitat destruction and fragmentation severely affected the Atlantic Forest. Formerly contiguous populations may become subdivided into a larger number of smaller populations, threatening their long-term persistence. The computer package VORTEX was used to simulate the consequences of habitat fragmentation and population subdivision on Micoureus paraguayanus, an endemic arboreal marsupial of the Atlantic Forest. Scenarios simulated hypothetical populations of 100 and 2000 animals being partitioned into 1–10 populations, linked by varying rates of inter-patch dispersal, and also evaluated male-biased dispersal. Results demonstrated that a single population was more stable than an ensemble of populations of equal size, irrespective of dispersal rate. Small populations (10–20 individuals) exhibited high instability due to demographic stochasticity, and were characterized by high rates of extinction, smaller values for metapopulation growth and larger fluctuations in population size and growth rate. Dispersal effects on metapopulation persistence were related to the size of the populations and to the sexes that were capable of dispersing. Male-biased dispersal had no noticeable effects on metapopulation extinction dynamics, whereas scenarios modelling dispersal by both sexes positively affected metapopulation dynamics through higher growth rates, smaller fluctuations in growth rate, larger final metapopulation sizes and lower probabilities of extinction. The present study highlights the complex relationships between metapopulation size, population subdivision, habitat fragmentation, rate of inter-patch dispersal and sex-biased dispersal and indicates the importance of gaining a better understanding of dispersal and its interactions with correlations between disturbance events.

Tropical forests are under continued threat due to deforestation and fragmentation, mainly because of clear-cutting for agriculture and cattle ranching, and it can lead to water quality degradation. However, there is a need for understanding the role of forest areas as an indicator of water quality in the current diverse landscape in tropical watersheds. Thus, this study aims at evaluating forest cover as an indicator of stream health in tropical agricultural watersheds. We selected six watersheds of low-order streams in Southeastern Brazil with different percentages of forest cover, where water samples were collected to obtain the following water quality parameters: dissolved oxygen (DO), turbidity (NTU), total suspended solids (TSS), inorganic suspended solids (ISS), organic suspended solids (OSS), total nitrogen (TN), total phosphorus (TP), total coliforms (TC), and fecal coliforms (FC). A land use/land cover (LULC) map was used to extract the LULC pattern of each watershed, and a distance metric was applied to explore the differences between them. The water quality parameters were analyzed by the yearly mean, data variation and the correlation between them. We compared forested (55% of forest cover or more) and degraded (35% or less) watersheds using MANOVA and PCA. Degraded watersheds showed high values of solids, turbidity, nutrients, and coliforms. The most forested watershed showed the best water quality, whereas the watershed mainly covered by agriculture presented the poorest water quality and the greatest temporal variation. The forested watersheds showed significant difference with degraded watersheds, which presented higher value of all the parameters, excepted of DO. NTU, solids, and TP were correlated, showing that turbidity and solids represent the particles in the water, and they carry adsorbed phosphorus. Those parameters also responded to the streamflow variation. The results indicated that the pollution came from the agricultural and residential areas, whereas the tropical forest was important to keep water clean. Thus, tropical forest cover is a good indicator of water quality, and plays an important role in minimizing the impacts of human activities on ecosystem services in agricultural watersheds. Nevertheless, better soil management practices and basic sanitation implementation are still needed to improve water quality.

This study documents the proportion of woody plant species having different modes of seed dispersal, and classes of seed and fruit size at 16 Atlantic montane forest plots of southeastern Brazil (23–24° S). These plots represent six chronosequences (from 5-year-old to old-growth forest) of forest regeneration following small-scale shifting agriculture. Our results indicate that there is a gradual but predictable increase in the number of woody plant species relying on vertebrate-mediated seed dispersal in increasingly older plots. Moreover, the percentage of plant species bearing small seeds and fruits (< 0.6 cm in length) was more than halved from earlier to older forest plots, while the percentage of plant species producing middle-sized seeds and fruits at least doubled. Plant species belonging to the Melastomataceae, Myrsinaceae, Rubiaceae and Flacourtiaceae comprised a large proportion of the small-seeded and fruit species (33–53%), and largely occurred in early successional forest plots (5–30 years old). In contrast, species belonging to the Myrtaceae and Lauraceae represented most of the species (51–72%) bearing medium-sized seeds and fruits (0.6–1.5 cm in length), and occurred primarily in the old-growth forests. Shifts in the relative importance of dispersal strategies during the regeneration process of Atlantic montane forest, as well as in diaspore size appear to be related to the balance between early successional and shade-tolerant species associated with particular life forms and plant families. Finally, we discuss the relationships between the species richness of Myrtaceae and Lauraceae trees, seed dispersal by medium to large vertebrates, and possible regeneration scenarios for the Atlantic forest.

The extent to which secondary forests occupying degraded and abandoned lands provide suitable habitat for forest-adapted species is an important conservation issue in times of vanishing old growth forests. We used ants (Hymenoptera: Formicidae), a functionally important and diverse group of invertebrates, to investigate the recovery of soil taxa during secondary forest succession in the Atlantic Forest of Southern Brazil. We compared the resilience of epigeic vs. hypogeic ant assemblages. For this purpose we established 27 sites that encompassed a chronosequence from pastures to old growth forests on two contrasting soil types. Our results are based on a collection of 35 508 individuals in 40 genera.Richness and composition of ant assemblages in secondary forests have recovered slowly and have not approached conditions typical of old growth forests. The distribution of genera along the successional stages was arranged in a nested pattern where ant genera of younger successional stages were a subset of genera present in older stages. Edaphic conditions had no influence on the recovery process. Overall, richness of ants was lower at study sites with water-logged soils than at sites where soils did not exhibit hydromorphic properties. The hypogeic ant assemblage recovered more slowly than the epigeic assemblage.Our results show that secondary forests do not act as refuges for many forest-adapted animals which are currently restricted to discontinuous patches of old growth forest in the highly endangered Atlantic Forest of Brazil. Moreover, estimated recovery times of 50 to several hundred years suggest it would take much longer than previously presumed for complete recolonization.

Biochar can largely contribute to enhance organic carbon (OC) stocks in soil and improve soil quality in forest and agricultural lands. Its contribution depends on its recalcitrance, but also on its interactions with minerals and other organic compounds in soil. Thus, it is important to study the link between minerals, natural organic matter and biochar in soil. In this study, we investigated the incorporation of biochar-derived carbon (biochar-C) into various particle-size fractions with contrasting mineralogy and the effect of biochar on the storage of total OC in the particle-size fractions in an acid loamy soil under Pinus radiata (C3 type) in the Spanish Atlantic area. We compared plots amended with biochar produced from Miscanthus sp. (C4 type) with control plots (not amended). We separated sand-, silt-, and clay-size fractions in samples collected from 0 to 20-cm depth. In each fraction, we analyzed clay minerals, metallic oxides and oxy-hydroxides, total OC and biochar-C. The results showed that 51% of the biochar-C was in fractions < 20 μm one year after the application of biochar. Biochar-C stored in clay-size fractions (0.2–2 μm, 0.05–0.2 μm, < 0.05 μm) was only 14%. Even so, we observed that biochar-C increased with decreasing particle-size in clay-size fractions, as it occurred with the vermiculitic phases and metallic oxides and oxy-hydroxides. Biochar also affected to the distribution of total OC among particle-size fractions. Total OC concentration was greater in fractions 2–20 μm, 0.2–2 μm, 0.05–0.2 μm in biochar-amended plots than in control plots. This may be explained by the adsorption of dissolved OC from fraction < 0.05 μm onto biochar particles. The results suggested that interactions between biochar, minerals and pre-existing organic matter already occurred in the first year.

Biogeographical analyses using species lists of wood-inhabiting, poroid Hymenochaetales and Polyporales were performed to infer the relationship of major Neotropical morphoclimatic domains: Amazon, Atlantic and Caatinga moist forests. Parsimony analysis of endemicity, UPGMA clustering and NMDS ordination were computed with data of 18 localities and 245 species, all indicating that the northern Atlantic Forest is more related to the Amazon than to its southern portion. Also the results agree with the hypothesis that the Brejos Nordestinos is a distinct biota from both the Amazon and Atlantic Forest. Annual temperature and rainfall are strongly related with the resulting NDMS site scores. A distance similarity decay of similarity analysis suggests a moderate to low, but statistically significant, influence of the geographic distance on assemblages' composition. The limited distribution of many poroid fungal taxa also emphasizes the fragility of these organisms to habitat loss.

Tropical rainforests are becoming increasingly fragmented and understanding the genetic consequences of fragmentation is crucial for conservation of their flora and fauna. We examined populations of the toad Rhinella ornata, a species endemic to Atlantic Coastal Forest in Brazil, and compared genetic diversity among small and medium forest fragments that were either isolated or connected to large forest areas by corridors. Genetic differentiation, as measured by FST, was not related to geographic distance among study sites and the size of the fragments did not significantly alter patterns of genetic connectivity. However, population genetic diversity was positively related to fragment size, thus haplotype diversity was lowest in the smallest fragments, likely due to decreases in population sizes. Spatial analyses of genetic discontinuities among groups of populations showed a higher proportion of barriers to gene flow among small and medium fragments than between populations in continuous forest. Our results underscore that even species with relatively high dispersal capacities may, over time, suffer the negative genetic effects of fragmentation, possibly leading to reduced fitness of population and cases of localized extinction.

Live aboveground biomass (AGB) is an important source of uncertainty in the carbon balance from the tropical regions in part due scarcity of reliable estimates of live AGB and its variation across landscapes and forest types. Studies of forest structure and biomass stocks of Neotropical forests are biased toward Amazonian and Central American sites. In particular, standardized estimates of aboveground biomass stocks for the Brazilian Atlantic forest are rarely available. Notwithstanding the role of environmental variables that control the distribution and abundance of biomass in tropical lowland forests has been the subject of considerable research, the effect of short, steep elevational gradients on tropical forest structure and carbon dynamics is not well known. In order to evaluate forest structure and live AGB variation along an elevational gradient (0–1100 m a.s.l.) of coastal Atlantic Forest in SE Brazil, we carried out a standard census of woody stems ≥4.8 cm dbh in 13 1-ha permanent plots established on four different sites in 2006–2007. Live AGB ranged from 166.3 Mg ha−1 (bootstrapped 95% CI: 144.4,187.0) to 283.2 Mg ha−1 (bootstrapped 95% CI: 253.0,325.2) and increased with elevation. We found that local-scale topographic variation associated with elevation influences the distribution of trees >50 cm dbh and total live AGB. Across all elevations, we found more stems (64–75%) with limited crown illumination but the largest proportion of the live AGB (68–85%) was stored in stems with highly illuminated or fully exposed crowns. Topography, disturbance and associated changes in light and nutrient supply probably control biomass distribution along this short but representative elevational gradient. Our findings also showed that intact Atlantic forest sites stored substantial amounts of carbon aboveground. The live tree AGB of the stands was found to be lower than Central Amazonian forests, but within the range of Neotropical forests, in particular when compared to Central American forests. Our comparative data suggests that differences in live tree AGB among Neotropical forests are probably related to the heterogeneous distribution of large and medium-sized diameter trees within forests and how the live biomass is partitioned among those size classes, in accordance with general trends found by previous studies. In addition, the elevational variation in live AGB stocks suggests a large spatial variability over coastal Atlantic forests in Brazil, clearly indicating that it is important to consider regional differences in biomass stocks for evaluating the role of this threatened tropical biome in the global carbon cycle.

The 18th century afforestation campaign carried out in western France to fix sand dunes has left only a small surface of non-forested dunes. As dune plantations have only a small conservation value, it would be of great interest to restore grey dunes. But, for the moment, there is no proof that pine felling would lead to grey dunes. So, a study has been carried out on pine forest clearings along the French Atlantic shoreline. Floral and ecological data were carried out and analysed with two statistical tools, CA (canonical analysis) and CCA (canonical correspondence analysis). The clearings appear very different from one bank of the Gironde river to the other. South of the river, the clearing vegetation develops on acid soils and possess some thermophilous species. North of the river, the clearings are composed mostly of species growing best on calcareous soils. Apart from geographical variations, clearings showed two patterns of response: development of closed thickets and tall heathlands; or an open vegetation similar to growing heathlands and grasslands. The cover, the height, the floral richness per strata as well as pedological characteristics are the parameters which explain the best floristic composition of pine clearings. The vigour of pine forests and the degree of exposure to coastal influences determine whether close or open vegetation develops. Where there is an open vegetation, restoration of grey dunes may be possible. In the other case, alternative solutions, such as the restoration of dune woodlands or dune heath, may provide best conservation values.

Mollusca is a megadiverse phylum with an estimated number of 70,000–76,000 described species which can inhabit a wide variety of environments. Among them, land snails are a main component of terrestrial ecosystems and they play a pivotal role in ecosystem functioning. They are suffering habitat loss, overexploitation and competition from introduced species, but are regarded as a “non-charismatic” group for conservation purposes. Orthalicoidea is a dominant faunal element in the Neotropics and in Argentina includes 104 species that inhabit a variety of environments. Their abundance, diversity, comprehensive taxonomy and widespread representation in different ecoregions makes this molluscan group an excellent model for biodiversity assessments. The database used here consisted of 985 unique geographic records of 104 species. Species distribution models were generated using the Maximum Entropy method and Zonation v 3.1 was used to evaluate the proposed conservation goals. Three analyses including species distributions, the current protected areas system (PAs) and the Human print layer were carried out. This allowed the identification of priority areas for conservation, the percentage of the species distribution under PAs and analysis of the potential impacts under current land use and in the priority areas detected above. Sixty-one species were modeled, and 59 of them were included in the priority area selection process due to their high area under curve (AUC) scores. Five high priority areas located in the different ecoregions, were identified: 1-dry Chaco, 2-humid Pampas, 3-Southern Andean Yungas, 4-Alto Paraná Atlantic Forests and 5-high Monte. A small percentage of the average distribution range of Orthalicoidean species (3%) was within the current protected areas. Highest-ranked priority areas for land snails are outside the current protected areas system. When human impact is considered, the priority areas are reduced in size and appear as small patches. However, highest priority areas for conservation continue being those detected in the above analyses. Most of the areas detected are used for economic purposes, creating conflicts of interest between the development of human activities and conservation. This study represents one of the first attempts to identify ecoregion level priority areas for a terrestrial invertebrate group. Further analyses, including new predictors and other molluscan taxa, would improve planning the conservation of poorly known invertebrate groups.

Agricultural land use compromises the viability of Atlantic forest remnants and may permanently alter the structure of the biological soil community. Soil micro-organisms such as arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) which participate in symbiotic associations with plant roots are of particular importance. In order to assess the impact of cultivation we measured the diversity of AMF in six areas in Goiana, PE, Brazil: a sapodilla plantation, a rubber tree plantation, a mahogany plantation, a eucalyptus plantation, a crop rotation area currently being used to cultivate cassava, and an area of Atlantic forest. A total of 96 samples of rhizospheric soil were collected in the wet (June 2011) and dry (March 2012) seasons. Glomerospores were extracted from the soil, counted and used for AMF species identification. A total of 50 species belonging to 15 genera were recorded. Acaulospora spp. and Glomus spp. predominated, accounting for 52% of total species. The low value found in non-metric multidimensional scaling (NMS) multivariate analyses (33.2%) indicated that AMF community composition was more affected by different land uses than by physical and chemical characteristics of the soil. Diversity, evenness and richness indices were higher for the environment under greater stress (crop rotation), indicating that mycorrhizal symbiosis could be a strategy by which fungi and plants overcome biotic and abiotic stresses that occur in the soil. Diversity, evenness and richness indices tended to be lower in communities established in climax environments, such as in the Atlantic forest, rather than in the ones established in cultivation areas.

Variations of tree species composition and community structure and their relationship with environmental variables are described for five sites of the Atlantic rain forest in Picinguaba, southeastern Brazil, distributed along an elevation gradient sampled by plots located at the altitudes of 2, 100, 300, 600 and 1000 m a.s.l. Sampled trees with DBH ≥ 5 cm were identified to species level and their diameter and height were measured. Environmental variables obtained for each plot included 11 topsoil variables and altitude. The residuals of all linear models were tested for spatial structure and multivariate analyses were performed to seek for relationships between the overall species’ abundances and selected environmental variables. Although both forest physiognomy and species’ abundances did change with altitude, this was clearly sharp only from the coastal plain (2 m) to 100 m, and from 600 m to the summit (1000 m). The three mid-slope sites (100, 300 and 600 m) were rather undifferentiated, though they were richer in species and had taller canopy trees. The altitude and the edaphic variables silt, clay, pH and total exchangeable bases (TEB) presented significant correlations with the variations in species’ abundances, while only pH and TEB were significantly correlated with species richness. The present study demonstrates for the first time that the composition and structure of Atlantic Forest can change accompanying the soil and altitude variations over short distances.

Using the abundance and distribution of small mammals at 26 sites in an Atlantic forest landscape, we investigated how species abundance and alpha and beta diversity are affected by fragment size and the presence of corridors. To account for the variability in forest structure among fragments, we described and minimized the influence of foliage density and stratification on small mammal data. Sites were distributed among three categories of fragment size and in continuous forest. For small and medium-sized categories, we considered isolated fragments and fragments connected by corridors to larger remnants. Small mammal abundance and alpha and beta diversity were regressed against site scores from the first axis of a Principal Component Analysis on forest structure variables. Residuals were used in analyses of variance to compare fragment size and connectivity categories. Forest structure influenced total abundance and abundance of some species individually, but not the diversity of small mammal communities. Total abundance and alpha diversity were lower in small and medium-sized fragments than in large fragments and continuous forest, and in isolated compared to connected fragments. Three species were less common, but none was more abundant in smaller fragments. At least one species was more abundant in connected compared to isolated fragments. Beta diversity showed an opposite relationship to fragment size and corridors, increasing in small and isolated fragments. Results highlight the importance of secondary forest for the conservation of tropical fauna, the hyper-dynamism of small isolated fragments and the potential of corridors to buffer habitat fragmentation effects in tropical landscapes.

We analyzed the effects of two different successional stages on leaf and wood anatomy of Psychotria schlechtendaliana in a tropical moist forest. Leaf and wood samples were collected from plants growing in two sites representing two successional stages: advanced and intermediate stages of forest succession (ASFS and ISFS, respectively). The leaves have typical mesomorphic anatomy. Wood exhibits growth rings slightly different. The vessels elements are solitary, arranged radial or in clusters, with diffuse porosity, simple perforation plates, septate fibers, radial parenchyma multiseriate, and heterogeneous and perforated ray cells, intervessel pits bordered, small, alternate, vestured and/or scalariform. Quantitative analyses showed significantly differences in leaf and wood anatomy. Top and base leaves on both sites differed in the thickness of cuticle, palisade parenchyma, and palisade:spongy parenchyma ratio. Plants at ISFS had leaf lamina with thinner adaxial cuticle, smaller cells on the adaxial epidermis, smaller width of palisade parenchyma, smaller palisade:spongy parenchyma ratio, and lower stomatal density than at ASFS. The wood of plants in ISFS had presented smaller diameters of the lumen of vessels and fibers, higher frequencies of vessels and rays, and fiber and rays with longer lengths than at ASFS. The differences between leaf and wood anatomy at the two sites confirm a structural adjustment in relation to forest succession for this species. The anatomical differences reflect the sunlight distribution and water availability, allowing the adjustment in photosynthetic efficiency, and safety water transport.

The Southern Atlantic rainforest is continuously suffering from wood extraction activity, which results in the increase of clearings within the forest. Although the direct impacts of deforestation on landscape are already well described, there is an absence of studies focused on the evaluation of its indirect effects, such as the increase of solar UV radiation levels inside forest environment and its consequences for forest specialist anuran species. The results presented in this work clearly show that the threatened tree frog species Hypsiboas curupi presents severe traits of sensitivity to UV wavelengths of sunlight, making it a vulnerable species to this environmental stressor, as well as a biological indicator of the quality of forest canopy coverage. In addition, the measurement of solar UVB and UVA radiation incidence upon H. curupi breeding site and the analyses of a 20-year dataset of satellite images regarding the management of canopy coverage indicate that the photoprotection provided by trees of the Southern Atlantic rainforest is critical for the conservation of this forest specialist anuran species. Therefore, this work demonstrates that the deforestation process enhances the exposure of H. curupi embryos to solar UVB and UVA radiation, negatively affecting their embryonic development, inducing mortality and population decline.

Frost resistance and subzero temperature effects on photosynthesis, survival and distribution were studied in Euterpe edulis, a tree palm species of the Atlantic Forest, near the southern limit of the species distribution. E. edulis grows under the forest canopy and is absent from forest stands located near bottom valleys. This palm species has been commercially exploited for palm hearts, making it the most important non-timber forest species in North-Eastern Argentina. Its distribution was studied in relation to the frequency and intensity of subzero temperatures along a topographic gradient. E. edulis abundance was higher at the highest site and decreased or became absent towards the lowest site. Subzero temperatures during each of three winter seasons were observed in the lowest site. The medium and high elevation sites never experienced absolute minimum temperatures below 0 °C. Forest structure, fraction of solar radiation transmitted through the canopy and soil water potentials did not change substantially along the gradient. After a low temperature period in winter, the maximum quantum yield in E. edulis leaflets was relatively low in individuals at the low elevation site while having normal values at the medium and high elevation sites. Thermal analysis indicated that E. edulis saplings can supercool down to about −10 °C and do not tolerate extracellular ice formation. Ice formation was observed at about −4 °C, relatively close to the equilibrium freezing temperature, only after an increase in ambient humidity resulted in dew formation on the plant surface. Dew formation is commonly observed in valleys during the winter season. This observation gives further support to the hypothesis that strong infrequent frost events could be an important environmental factor determining the spatial distribution pattern of E. edulis in the Atlantic Forest of Argentina.

The Atlantic Forest is a Neotropical biome encompassing mainly Brazil's coastline and parts of Paraguay, Uruguay, and Argentina, but today surviving largely in small degraded patches and protected areas. Being a region under threat of extinction of its biological components, little is known about how climate change could influence the biodiversity, dynamics, and stability of this ecosystem. Here, we analyze the response of tree-growth dynamics to regional climate variability and drought, both in temporal and spatial scale. For this purpose, five Cedrela spp forest sites located in the biogeographic region ‘Serra do Mar’ (AFSM) in southeastern Brazil was considered. This region contains the best-preserved secondary forests of the Atlantic Forest biome, a fact that represents a natural laboratory to ascertain the environmental influence on the tree development through large spatial scales. Correlation and regression analysis were used to explore the relationship between growth and rainfall, air temperature, and a drought index. Results indicate that tree growth performance is highly dependent to the dry season rainfall amounts in the most humid sector of the gradient, while sites settled in areas of lower summer temperatures, rainfall during the warm-rainy season is the main determining factor influencing tree-growth dynamics. This implies that the same environmental factor (rainfall) affect differentially the growth of Cedrela sites depending on the sector in the gradient in which they are. We found that the population located at the highest-altitude site experienced a growth decline in recent decades linked to increases of winter regional warming, being more sensitivity to long periods of drought (6–10 years). In summary, the seasonal response of cambium activity in AFSM trees to rainfall varies across a climatic gradient. These results are crucial to understand how the present and future global change may differentially impact on tree population dynamics of montane Neotropical forests.

There are many controversies about the effect of forest cover on basin streamflows. The objective of this paper was to use the Soil and Water Assessment Tool (SWAT) to provide hydrological modeling of streamflows of a Brazilian Atlantic Rainforest watershed, simulating land use change scenarios with increasing and decreasing forest cover. Regarding the afforestation scenarios, the influence of the geographic location on the afforestation was also evaluated through two approaches: a) a “random” approach (RA), in which the location of reforested areas does not matter; and b) an “imposed” approach (IA), in which the geographical positions of the afforestation are precisely defined. The RA results showed little tendency of reduction in the simulated average and minimum flows with the afforestation. The IA approach showed that the geographic position of afforestation did not significantly interfere in the average flows, but interfered in the simulated minimum flows. Afforestation concentrated in areas close to streams caused a reduction in minimum flows, while its concentration in the upper parts of the basin managed to increase them.

Necromass is a critical structural and functional component of forest ecosystems that represents an important and relatively long-lived aboveground forest carbon pool. In the Atlantic Forest of Northern Argentina, a large area of native forest has been replaced by commercial, non-native tree plantations. We hypothesized that total aboveground necromass would be affected by forest conversion. Specifically, we expected a general decrease in necromass with conversion to non-native pine plantations. In five different Pinus taeda plantations (PP) and five native forests (NF) sites in Misiones, Argentina, we quantified the fallen coarse woody debris (CWD: >2 cm diameter) and litter layer (LL: <2 cm diameter) biomass. We compared NF and PP ecosystems with respect to biomass, CWD size classes, decomposition levels, mass moisture content and water volume retained. Coarse woody debris was greatly reduced in PP (1.7 ± 0.5 Mg ha−1) compared to NF (7.5 ± 3.5 Mg ha−1). However, LL biomass in pine plantations increased by 180%, such that similar amounts of total fallen necromass (CWD + LL) were observed in NF (13.5 ± 1.1 Mg ha−1) and PP (14.1 ± 3 Mg ha−1). The CWD size class with the highest biomass was CWD > 10 cm in NF (5.4 ± 3.7 Mg ha−1), and 2–5 cm in PP (1 ± 0.2 Mg ha−1). Coarse woody debris in NF was principally composed of detritus in intermediate to advanced states of decomposition (5.1 ± 3 Mg ha−1; 68% of total CWD), while in PP recently dead material accounted for the majority of CWD (0.8 ± 0.5 Mg ha−1; 49% of total CWD). Necromass moisture content was similar in both forest ecosystems, and increased as the level of decomposition increased. However, because CWD was more abundant in NF, the water volume retained in NF was four times higher than in PP (6.38 ± 1.3 vs. 1.68 ± 0.5 m3 ha−1, respectively). The observed differences in necromass can be explained by the stand characteristics of PP, which are monospecific young systems of short harvest cycles and low quality litter where all aboveground biomass is removed during harvesting. Our findings suggest that NF replacement by PP could have large effects on ecosystem function due to changes in the amount and composition of necromass. Specifically, the predominance of fine detritus in PP likely lowers the residence time of carbon and water storage in detritus, as well as ecosystem biodiversity, while also increasing the risk of natural fires. Management strategies that would increase coarse necromass, such as not removing harvest residues and extending tree harvest age, should be considered.

Habitat loss and fragmentation have turned into the most important threats to biodiversity and ecosystem function worldwide. Here we investigate the effects of habitat fragmentation and drastic changes in tree communities on dung beetle richness and community structure. This study was carried out in a severely fragmented 670-km2 forest landscape of the Atlantic Forest of north-eastern Brazil. Sampling was carried out in 19 forest fragments between September 2007 and March 2008 with the use of pitfall traps and flight interception traps. A total of 5893 individuals and 30 species of dung beetle were collected. Fragment area and isolation were the most significant explanatory variables for predictable and conspicuous changes in dung beetle species richness. Smaller and isolated fragments presented lower number of species, but fragments with lower tree species richness and lower proportion of shade-tolerant species were also considerably impoverished in terms of dung beetle species richness. The body mass of dung beetles were explained by fragment area and the percentage of emergent trees with smaller and less stratified fragments being dominated by small-bodied dung beetles. An ordination analysis segregated dung beetle communities between small fragments (<100 ha) and the control area. Seventy-seven percent of the species were recorded in the control area and 22% of all species were unique to this habitat. Our findings indicate that large fragments in the Atlantic Forest appear to consist in a sort of irreplaceable habitats for particular groups of dung beetle species, as well as for the integrity of their communities.

During forest succession, changes in tree species composition and individual turnover may be affected by deterministic and stochastic processes. In this study, we used both population and community approaches to assess the relative effects of deterministic and stochastic processes along the secondary succession of a tropical forest. We aimed to identify the mechanisms of community assemblage based on an analysis of abiotic and biotic drivers of demography. We assessed the demography (recruitment and survival rates) of trees occurring in an edaphic-successional gradient (forests aged 7–17, 20–30, 30–55, and >80 years; two soil types) of a regenerating forest in Southern Brazil. We first tested for stochasticity by building null models (randomized species composition and abundance) for each forest age interval. The composition and abundance of plants in all communities were different from those expected by the null models, which indicated determinism at the studied scale. We then used the structural equation models to assess the importance of environmental drivers (such as soil type and forest age) and species interactions (such as basal area, individual density and function, and phylogenetic diversity) to predict recruitment and survival. We found that both abiotic and biotic drivers affected the community assembly in successional gradients. Environmental drivers (soil stress and limitations related to forest structural complexity) indirectly affected recruitment and survival via biotic drivers (competitive ability, facilitation and niche complementarity). Therefore, the community assembly during succession is the result of a multi-factor process acting on recruitment and survival rates, which ultimately affect individual and species turnover.

The growing pressure placed by human development on natural resources creates a need for quick and precise answers about the state of conservation of different areas. Thus, identifying and making use of ecological indicators becomes an essential task in the conservation of tropical systems. Here we assess the effects of small-scale disturbance on terrestrial arthropods and select groups that could be used as ecological indicators in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. Arthropods were sampled within a continuous forest in the Serra do Mar State Park, southeastern Brazil, both in disturbed and undisturbed areas of the reserve. The abundance of exotic species was higher in the disturbed site, and this pattern seems to be an adequate indicator of anthropogenic disturbance. Species richness of Araneae, Carabidae, Scarabaeidae, Staphylinidae, and epigaeic Coleoptera (pooled) was higher in the undisturbed site, while that of fruit-feeding butterflies was higher in the disturbed site. Species richness was not significantly correlated between any pair of taxa. In contrast, species composition was significantly correlated among most groups, and clearly discriminates the disturbed from the undisturbed site. Moreover, fruit-feeding butterflies and epigaeic Coleoptera composition discriminated disturbed and undisturbed sites even when species were grouped into higher taxonomic levels, which may be a way of overcoming the difficulty of identifying arthropod species from poorly studied, species-rich ecosystems. Potential applications for these indicators include the choice and evaluation of sites for the establishment of natural reserves, elaboration of management plans, and the assessment of ecological impacts due to human activities, either for the purposes of licensing or legal compensation.

Allocation of forest in a river basin is a complex management problem, with conditions that may encourage conflict, in particular among groups with different interests, due to the diversity of the objectives. Aiming at the conservation of water resources, the main objective of this study was to assess the performance of Ordered Weighted Averaging (OWA), a multicriteria decision analysis, in the prioritization of areas for forest restoration. The study area is a Brazilian river basin, originally covered by Atlantic Forest. The relevant criteria to this decision-making process were identified as land-use suitability, soil erodibility, erosivity, proximity to roads, and proximity to surface water. We proposed three order weight sets, based on the decision strategy space, with medium-to-high risk-taking and medium tradeoff among the criteria (OWA1); medium risk-taking and total tradeoff (WLC), representing the traditional Weighted Linear Combination method; and medium-to-low risk-taking and medium tradeoff among the criteria (OWA2). Then, using an OWA operator (as a GIS routine), we produced maps for the three solutions, which were reclassified in five priority levels (very low, low, medium, high and very high). We did the cross tabulation among the solutions, for areas classified as high and very-high priority, and some environmental characteristics, intrinsically related to the criteria: land-use/land-cover, soil erodibility, distance from the surface water, soils and slope. WLC resulted in 54% of the Corumbataí river basin with high priority to forest restoration; 37% with very-high priority; and 9% with medium priority, and the spatial distribution of classes was intrinsically related to two main criteria: proximity to surface water and soil erodibility. OWA1 resulted in one alternative with 80% of the basin classified as very-high priority to forest restoration and 20% as high priority. Such classes’ distribution is the result of the distribution of order weights, to obtain the desired risk level. In OWA2, due to the distribution of order weights among the criteria, the prioritization of areas occurred differently from the previous alternatives, with no predominance of one or more criteria. Under this scenario, the river basin presented 1% of this area with very low priority for forest restoration; 17% with low; 63% with medium; 10% with high; and 9% with very-high priority. OWA is suitable for the prioritization of areas, once it allows us to control the criteria influence on the final solution, through the tradeoff. This implies, however, the method’s ability to normalize the criteria to a continuous scale, since the categorization in the criteria maps affects the spatial distribution of the alternatives.

Deforestation in the tropics is often followed by the creation of anthropogenic savannas used for animal husbandry. By discontinuing burning regimes, forests may recolonize the savanna and carbon stocks may recover. However, little is known about the success and speed of tropical forest recovery, while such information is vital for a better quantification of efforts to reduce emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD+) as well as supporting Forest Landscape Restoration (FLR) practices. Therefore, we designed a forest regeneration experiment within a savanna patch in the Mayombe hills (Democratic Republic of Congo), by discontinuing the annual burning regime in an 88 ha exclosure since 2005. 101 permanent inventory plots (40.4 ha) were installed in 2010 and remeasured in 2014. Tree species were classified as savanna or forest specialists. We estimate a forest specialist encroachment rate of 9 stems ha−1 yr−1 and a savanna specialist disappearance rate of 16 stems ha−1 yr−1. Average diameter of forest specialists did not change due to an increasing influx of recruits, while average diameter of savanna trees increased due to decreasing recruitment. Carbon stored by forest specialists increased from 3.12 to 5.60 Mg C ha−1, suggesting a forest carbon recovery rate of 0.62 Mg C ha−1 yr−1. Using the average carbon stock of 19 nearby mature rainforest plots as a reference, we estimate a total forest carbon recovery time of at least 150 years. The Manzonzi exclosure may potentially become an important reference experiment to quantify REDD+ schemes in Central Africa. Furthermore, this natural regeneration experiment demonstrates how carbon sequestration and biodiversity conservation can go hand-in-hand. However, more censuses are needed to better quantify the long-term carbon recovery trajectory within the protected area.

Despite the importance of considering arthropods in monitoring programs and conservation planning given their diversity in terrestrial ecosystems and potential in revealing environmental disturbances, most studies on the effects of habitat disturbances in tropical forests focused on vertebrates, plants and a few arthropod groups. By sampling 16 sites evenly distributed in four habitat categories (continuous mature and secondary forest and large and small secondary forest fragments), we investigated how harvestmen (Opiliones), which represent the third largest order of arachnids and have been poorly studied in tropical forests, are affected by habitat quality and quantity. Richness and abundance of rare species were strongly affected by habitat quality (first axis of principal component analysis on forest structure), increasing in less disturbed/mature forests. Richness, total abundance, abundance of rare species and of one of the three common species were higher in continuous forest, while only total abundance differed between large and small fragments. Detrended correspondence analysis revealed that just one species increased in abundance in fragments, while several others were associated with continuous and/or mature forest and that harvestman composition did not vary between large and small fragments. Our results suggest that harvestmen (1) are strongly affected by habitat quality and quantity, probably because, compared to other arthropod groups, they are relatively uniform in some relevant biological aspects (nocturnal predators dependent on microclimatic conditions that present low vagility); (2) are probably more indicative of intermediate-level disturbances, given the absence of species associated with highly-disturbed areas.

The rapid spread of bamboos can strongly affect forest structure by interfering plant regeneration and reducing local biodiversity. Considering that bamboos exert a negative influence on the plant community, our main goal was to investigate how this influence manifests at the population level. We compared the demographic structure of the threatened palm Euterpe edulis between bamboo and non-bamboo dominated patches within the Atlantic forest. In the study site, the native bamboo Guadua tagoara has created a marked patchiness and heterogeneity in the vegetation. Plots were set up randomly in bamboo and non-bamboo patches and the heights of all E. edulis individuals were measured. Data from canopy openness and litter depth were collected for both patches. Greater number of E. edulis was recorded in bamboo patches. However, frequency distribution of the height classes differed between patches revealing a predominance of seedling and sapling I classes in bamboo patches, in comparison to a more evenly distribution of height classes in non-bamboo patches. The canopy in bamboo patches was more open and the litter depth was thicker. Our analyses evidenced G. tagoara is functioning as a demographic bottleneck of natural population of E. edulis by arresting its later stages of regeneration and in high densities that bamboos may limit recruitment of this palm species.

Reliable assessment of forest structural types (FSTs) aids sustainable forest management. We developed a methodology for the identification of FSTs using airborne laser scanning (ALS), and demonstrate its generality by applying it to forests from Boreal, Mediterranean and Atlantic biogeographical regions. First, hierarchal clustering analysis (HCA) was applied and clusters (FSTs) were determined in coniferous and deciduous forests using four forest structural variables obtained from forest inventory data – quadratic mean diameter (QMD), Gini coefficient (GC), basal area larger than mean (BALM) and density of stems (N) –. Then, classification and regression tree analysis (CART) were used to extract the empirical threshold values for discriminating those clusters. Based on the classification trees, GC and BALM were the most important variables in the identification of FSTs. Lower, medium and high values of GC and BALM characterize single storey FSTs, multi-layered FSTs and exponentially decreasing size distributions (reversed J), respectively. Within each of these main FST groups, we also identified young/mature and sparse/dense subtypes using QMD and N. Then we used similar structural predictors derived from ALS – maximum height (Max), L-coefficient of variation (Lcv), L-skewness (Lskew), and percentage of penetration (cover), – and a nearest neighbour method to predict the FSTs. We obtained a greater overall accuracy in deciduous forest (0.87) as compared to the coniferous forest (0.72). Our methodology proves the usefulness of ALS data for structural heterogeneity assessment of forests across biogeographical regions. Our simple two-tier approach to FST classification paves the way toward transnational assessments of forest structure across bioregions.

Habitat fragmentation is a major cause of biodiversity erosion in tropical forests. The Brazilian Atlantic forest has both high species richness and a long history of anthropogenic disturbance, beginning with colonial agriculture in the sixteenth century. Here we examine the species composition and guild structure of woody plants within five montane Atlantic forest fragments of the Tiet River basin, State of São Paulo, southeastern Brazil, ranging from 5 to 7900 ha in area. We found a negative relationship between fragment size and the relative importance of tree and shrub species that (1) depend on abiotic modes of seed dispersal, (2) are shade-intolerant, and (3) occupy the forest canopy. As fragment size decreased, there was a marked rise in the relative importance of ruderal species, primarily in the Compositae, Euphorbiaceae, Solanaceae, and Leguminosae. There also was a 9% average decline in smaller fragments in relative importance of Myrtaceae, Lauraceae, Sapotaceae, and Rubiaceae, which are the main sources of fleshy fruits for vertebrate frugivores in these forests. Our results suggest that predictable shifts in plant guild structure occur as tropical forest fragments are reduced in size, and that small fragments may become dominated by edges and the surrounding habitat matrix. We suggest that small forest fragments will be unlikely to preserve intact plant and animal assemblages of Brazil's Atlantic coastal forest

The Atlantic Goliath Grouper Epinephelus itajara is currently a protected species in the southeastern United States waters of the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico and is considered vulnerable throughout its geographic range. In this study, I evaluated mercury concentrations in their tissues (muscle, liver), which revealed high concentrations (μg/g ww) of mercury (mean ± SE) in liver (6.18 ± 0.86) and muscle (1.12 ± 0.06) tissue that increased with size and age. Mercury concentrations were highest in fish caught off Florida's Atlantic coast, but varied on a finer regional scale. Mercury concentrations in muscle tissue were generally greater near urbanized areas with known mercury sources and environmental conditions appropriate for higher methylation rates. This suggests that management should consider improving the water quality in these areas to reduce the risk of health effects to human consumers and to the fish themselves.

The Plio–Pleistocene refugia hypothesis recently gained support in explaining Brazilian Atlantic Forest megadiversity from combined analyses of species paleodistributions and genetic diversity. Here we examine genetic differentiation and historical distributions in the Rhinella crucifer group of toads, endemic to and widely distributed within this biome. We analyzed sequences of mitochondrial (control region, ND1, and ND2) and nuclear (β-crystallin and rhodopsin) DNA markers from 65 individuals representing five species. We found deep structure across the range at mitochondrial markers; genetic diversity is geographically structured in four main haplotype clades with the oldest divergence, dated to the Pliocene, between the southernmost populations and other regions of the species’ range. Remaining populations are distributed in haplotype clades that may have diverged throughout the Pleistocene. Our paleoecological distribution models support a scenario of habitat fragmentation associated with glacial cycling, but we found limited congruence of phylogeographic patterns with the refugia. We found that some genetic breaks geographically coincide with putative barriers associated to neotectonic activity, but finer-scale sampling will be necessary to test the relative importance of distinct isolation mechanisms. Overall, the data refute the recently proposed hypothesis of a southern Holocene colonization of the Atlantic Forest from northern refugia, suggesting instead persistence of forested habitats in the south. Our unexpected results underscore the need to consider distinct organismal histories in planning biome-level conservation. We discuss species correspondence to clades recovered in our phylogenetic analyses.

The estimation of stock specific exploitation is imperative to fisheries management and the conservation of biodiversity, particularly in instances where fisheries simultaneously exploit mixtures of stocks. Mixed stock harvests are particularly common in species that have extensive marine migrations, such as Atlantic and Pacific salmon. Here we develop a range-wide genetic baseline for Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) from North American and European rivers to allow regional assignment of individuals targeted in international mixed stock fisheries. A combination of published data and additional genotyping was used to assemble a dataset of 96 SNPs for 285 range-wide Atlantic salmon populations for regional assignment. Clustering of baseline samples identified 20 North American and eight European reporting groups with mean individual assignment accuracy of 90% (range 70–100%). This baseline was applied to disentangle the stock composition of individuals in a subset of individuals from the West Greenland Atlantic salmon fishery. Genetic mixture analysis revealed that both European and North American individuals originated from multiple regions, with 92% of European individuals originating from the United Kingdom and Ireland, and North American individuals originating from three regions; Gulf of St. Lawrence (28%), Gaspé Peninsula (23%), and coastal Labrador (21%). The baseline represents a significant resource for the management of Atlantic salmon fisheries and the quantification of salmon migration patterns at sea.

Open canopy conditions in southeastern pine (Pinus spp.) forests were historically maintained by frequent fire and other disturbances, without which midstory hardwoods create closed canopy conditions limiting value of pine stands for many endemic, disturbance-adapted species. Intensively managed pine forests, which comprise 19% of forests in the southeastern U.S., can emulate historical open pine conditions, providing appropriate vegetation structure and composition for many endemic species. However, exact mechanisms for producing and maintaining open pine conditions and subsequent effects on biodiversity have not been examined across regions and stand ages. To better inform managers about options for providing open pine conditions in intensively managed pine stands, we used meta-analyses to examine biodiversity and open pine focal species responses to 5 stand establishment intensities and 4 mid-rotation practices (prescribed fire, selective herbicide, fire and herbicide combination, and thinning). We calculated 1742 biodiversity and 169 open pine focal species effect sizes from 42 publications of manipulative studies at 14 unique study sites in managed loblolly pine (P. taeda L.) forests in the Atlantic and Gulf Coastal Plains of the southeastern U.S. We quantified diversity and abundance responses by taxa and management practices for vegetation, birds, amphibians, reptiles, small mammals, and invertebrates. Diversity and abundance responses generally decreased as stand establishment intensity increased, but those reductions appeared to be short-term (<3 years). Birds and open pine focal species responded positively to chemical stand establishment relative to a mechanically-prepared control. Thinning elicited positive diversity and abundance responses from reptiles and small mammals. Effects of prescribed fire, selective herbicide, and their combination on biodiversity responses varied by taxa (e.g., following fire, vegetative and avian diversity increased but amphibian and invertebrate diversity decreased). Further research is warranted on under-represented taxa (e.g., herpetofauna and invertebrates) in literature and long-term effects of forest management on biodiversity. Understanding how silvicultural management practices produce and maintain open pine forest conditions and influence biodiversity responses is necessary to inform opportunities for open-pine wildlife communities in working forested landscapes.

Different extents, grains, and types of biodiversity data encompass the data sources used in investigations of spatial diversity. We evaluated the influence of geopolitical limits, data type, and grain size on complementarity networks of priority areas using Atlantic Forest primates, in Brazil. Priority areas were selected to represent primates from twelve research approaches that combine different data types (occurrence or distribution), geographical extents (entire biome or specific states) and grains (1°, 0.5° or 0.25° grids). We compared the size, irreplaceability and spatial concordance of the networks. Networks selected at the state extent had more grid cells than networks selected at the biome extent, independent of data type, and species locally rare but not globally rare may be driving these results. The number of irreplaceable cells and the networks selected were smaller using distribution data than using occurrence data. This effect was even more apparent at the state extent. Distribution data are more spatially distributed, leading to low irreplaceability of cells. Similarity among the selected networks depends on the extent and data type, and there was interaction between these factors. Similarities among networks selected at the state extent are higher than that of networks selected at biome extent. Networks obtained from different types of data were less similar than those selected using the same kind of data, and the ones selected using occurrence data were more similar than networks selected using distribution data. The effect of data type is stronger at smaller grain sizes, and the effect of extent is stronger at larger grain sizes. It is important to understand the consequences of data type choice, and this may be congruent with grain sizes.

The ability of degraded areas to recover secondary vegetation and the degree of integrity of plant–animal interactions of the resulting vegetation is getting increasingly important for biodiversity and landscape conservation. We studied the seed dispersal and pollination modes of woody species of two 12-year-old secondary forest patches, beforehand used for sugarcane cultivation. Sixty plots were installed with a total area of 0.6 ha. A total of 61 woody species were encountered. Although the study sites were isolated from old-growth forests by the matrix of sugarcane, the array of dispersal modes was the same as in old-growth forest fragments and the percentage of animal-dispersed species was similar (89.8%). The percentage of large-seeded species was even larger than expected (18%), despite the local extinction of large-bodied mammals and birds. Besides the dispersal of large seeds mainly by rodents and bats, more than half of the large-seeded species are consumed by humans and may have reached the study areas this way. Most pollination modes found in forest fragments in the region were also present in the secondary forests; however, no pollination mediated by vertebrates was found among the studied species, neither by birds nor by bats, and a high percentage of species showed an unspecialized pollination mode (55.7%). Due to the high abundance of a few species pollination by hawkmoths was very common among canopy individuals (42.7%), and many sub-canopy individuals were pollinated by large bees (39.8%). The study exemplifies the resilience of sites degraded by intense agriculture, which may still lead to a forest, simplified in plant–animal interactions. Such secondary forest is likely to serve for protection against erosion, and increasing connectivity between forest fragments.

An inventory of the understory forest epiphyte and epiphyllous bryophyte floras was carried out in eight Atlantic rain forest fragments. The fragments were between 7 and 500 ha in size and belonged to two areas (lowland and submontane) of the state of Pernambuco, northeastern Brazil. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of habitat fragmentation and changes in the natural landscape on community structure (composition, richness, diversity, and abundance). Although the influence of altitude was noted in this study by increasing richness, diversity, and abundance, it was clear that in some fragments the influence of fragment size and isolation can be more important than this positive environmental factor. Fragment size and isolation affect both communities but the last one seems to be a stronger threatening factor for the epiphylls. The least isolated and the largest fragments housed the richest floras – especially in relation to the epiphylls – and had the greatest proportion of shade species. Habitat fragmentation negatively affected epiphytic and epiphyllous bryophytes and increased the representation of species with larger niches (generalists) while decreasing the representation of species with smaller niches (typically found in shady or in sunny areas). The results suggests that the critical fragment size necessary for bryophyte preservation must be correlated with insularity levels; for epiphytes, however, it is likely that low levels of isolation cannot compensate borderline effects as with the epiphyllous bryophytes.

The conversion of agriculture lands to forest has been occurring in parts of North America for decades. The legacy of management activity during this transition is reflected in soil physical and chemical properties years after abandonment. This study was conducted at the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, Maryland, USA, to determine land-use history and forest age effects on soil nutrients, carbon, pH, and bulk density. Soils in young and old successional forests and forests with no evidence of historical disturbance were sampled. The young forest stands were abandoned from agriculture 50–70 years ago and the old forest stands had been abandoned from agriculture or grazing 120–150 years ago. The oldest forest stands had no recorded history of disturbance even though it is likely they were at least disturbed by tree removal or grazing of animals in the colonial era. Young forest soils had higher concentrations of Mg, Ca, NO3 and a higher pH than old, which may be an age effect. The old forest soils that had been abandoned from agriculture and grazing had higher bulk density and lower C content than undisturbed stands indicating a land-use effect. In the stands that were formally agriculture there was evidence of erosion, indicated by a Bt horizon closer to the surface. The most evident difference between stands of different land-use history was the absence of a well-developed O horizon, which we attribute to the presence of earthworms. Land-use legacy set the forest ecosystem in a different trajectory of soil evolution.

Large tree species have a disproportional influence on the structure and functioning of tropical forests, but the forces affecting their long-term persistence in human-dominated landscapes remain poorly understood. Here we test the hypothesis that aging forest edges and small fragments (3.4–295.7 ha) are greatly impoverished in terms of species richness and abundance of large trees in comparison to core areas of forest interior. The study was conducted in a hyper-fragmented landscape of the Atlantic forest, northeast Brazil. Large tree species were quantified by recording all trees (DBH ≥ 10 cm) within fifty-eight 0.1-ha plots distributed in three forest habitats: small forest fragments (n = 28), forest edges (n = 10), and primary forest interior areas within an exceptional large forest remnant (n = 20). Large tree species and their stems ≥10 cm DBH were reduced by half in forest edges and fragments. Moreover, these edge-affected habitats almost lacked large-stemmed trees altogether (0.24 ± 0.27% of all stems sampled), and very tall trees were completely absent from forest edges. In contrast, large trees contributed to over 1.5% of the whole stand in forest interior plots (2.9 ± 2.8%). Habitats also differed in terms of tree architecture: relative to their DBH trees were on average 30% shorter in small fragments and forest edges. Finally, an indicator species analysis yielded an ecological group of 12 large tree species that were significantly associated with forest interior plots, but were completely missing from edge-affected habitats. Our results suggest a persistent and substantial impoverishment of the large-tree stand, including the structural collapse of forest emergent layer, in aging, hyper-fragmented landscapes.

We present an open-source computational tool for the 2D simulation of the Diffusive-Logistic Growth (DLG) model. The r.recovery module offers a complete environment for the simulation of forestry regeneration in conservation areas and includes a built-in tool for calibration and validation of the model parameters through the use of standard and freely available satellite imagery. It was implemented as an add-on to the GRASS software, a largely applied open-source Geographic Information System (GIS). To illustrate its application, we present a complete case study of forest regeneration carried out in the Espigão Alto State Park (EASP), Brazil, from which we assess typical values of forest diffusion and growth rate parameters, along with the prognostics of forest density status for the coming decades. We observe that the r.recovery tool can be advantageously applied by forestry managers and policy-makers as a form of acquiring technical and scientifically-based information for strategy development and decision-making.

As a result of changes in natural and anthropogenic disturbance regimes, the extent of early-successional forest across much of eastern North American is near historic lows, and continues to decline. This has caused many scientists to identify the conservation of early-successional species as a high priority. In this synthesis, we discuss the conservation implications of this loss of early-successional habitats using examples from the literature on songbirds. Early-successional “shrubland” bird species require conditions and resources present in recently disturbed sites. These conditions are ephemeral and change rapidly over time as sites become dominated by later-seral species. Historical disturbance regimes such as wind-throw, fire and flooding have been altered or suppressed in eastern forests through human activity such as conversion of forests to younger aged stands more resistant to wind, fire suppression and mesophication of fire-adapted communities, and suppression of beaver activity and flooding. Furthermore, anthropogenic disturbance has shifted over much of the region to types of land use that provide less shrubland habitat of lower quality than historically. Despite scientific evidence in support of this concern, there is still misunderstanding about the role of disturbance in maintaining biodiversity, and public opposition to management remains a challenge to conserving these communities. Contemporary approaches use natural disturbance regimes to inform management practices that employ historical agents where possible or surrogates when necessary to achieve desired future conditions defined on the basis of regional population or community status. Conservation of early-successional communities occurs within the context of other potentially conflicting ecological values, such as the conservation and enhancement of biologically mature forest. Recent findings, however, show shrubland habitat can augment diversity in forested landscapes by providing seasonal resources for mature-forest species, such as food or predator-free space for juvenile forest songbirds that seek out early-successional habitats during the transition to independence. Balancing the conservation of early-successional shrubland species with other, sometimes conflicting values is an active area of current conservation research. In some cases the conservation of shrubland birds can be coordinated with commercial activities like silviculture or maintenance of infrastructure (e.g. powerline corridors), although our work indicates that deliberate efforts expressly directed at conservation of early-successional shrubland species are more effective.

Human activities in tropical forests are the main causes of forest fragmentation. According to historical factor in deforestation processes, forest remnants exhibit different sizes and shapes. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the dung beetle assemblage on fragments of different degree of sizes. Sampling was performed during rainy and dry season of 2010 in six fragments of Atlantic forest, using pitfall traps baited with excrement and carrion. Also, we used two larger fragments as control. We used General Linear Models to determine whether the fragments presented distinguished dung beetle abundance and richness. Analysis of Similarities and Non-Metric Multidimensional Scaling were used to determine whether the dung beetle assemblage was grouped according to species composition. A total of 3352 individuals were collected and 19 species were identified in the six fragments sampled. Dung beetle abundance exhibited a shift according to fragment size; however, richness did not change among fragments evaluated. Also, fragments sampled and the two controls exhibited distinct species composition. The distinction on abundance of dung beetles among fragments may be related to different amount of resource available in each one. It is likely that the dung beetle richness did not distinguish among the different fragments due to the even distribution of the mammal communities in these patches, and consequent equal dung diversity. We conclude that larger fragments encompass higher abundance of dung beetle and distinct species. However, for a clearer understanding of effects of fragmentation on dung beetles in Atlantic forest, studies evaluating narrower variations of larger fragments should be conducted.

The creation of buffer zones (BZs) around protected areas (PAs) has been proposed as a way to conciliate the effective protection of biodiversity and human occupation in surrounding areas. In this study, we seek to discuss some of the challenges to effective buffer zones, focusing our attention on investigating two instruments used for the planning of these areas: the management plan of protected areas, and the municipal master plan. To achieve this, we evaluated the planning of land use around protected areas, as established in the management plans of four protected areas, located in southeastern Brazil, as well as in the master plans of the municipalities covered by these protected areas. We found that these management plans established recommendations rather than specific rules for the use of resources of the buffer zones. Additionally, we verified no uniformity between the master plans on the topic of municipal zoning in the BZs of the PAs studied: only five of the fourteen master plans surveyed delineated a zone around the protected area and defined guidelines for land use consistent with its protection. The results of this study indicate that the use of the buffer zone as an effective strategy for the management of protected areas requires a link between the PA managers and the local government responsible for land use planning, in order to facilitate the articulation between the management plan of the PA and the municipal master plan. Otherwise, the establishment of the buffer zone risks being only a symbolic action, with no practical effect on biodiversity conservation within the protected area.

Forest islands are unique habitats standing out across mountains dominated by rupestrian grassland in southeastern Brazil. In this work we evaluated the relationship between the plant species functional traits (number of ecoregions in which a species occurs, potential height, mean height, mean basal area, mean leaf area) and ecological variables (leaf damage from chewing herbivores, the number of individuals) with environmental parameters (physical and chemical properties of the soil, canopy cover) of the tree communities in an archipelago of montane forest islands immersed in rupestrian grasslands. We found a strong connection between the traits of tree species and environmental parameters; habitats associated with high soil fertility and canopy cover (leaf area index) harbored species with high structural values (i.e., height and basal area), broad distribution among Brazilian ecoregions, high rates of leaf damage from chewing insects and fewer individuals. Habitats with low soil fertility and canopy cover values harbored species with low structural values, restricted geographic distribution and low rates of leaf damage by chewing insects. Although physical parameters play an important role in the establishment of forest islands, our results point to chemical indicators of soil fertility as a relevant environmental promoter, influencing the composition and structure of island tree communities. The impact of local habitat parameters on the tree species functional traits showed that habitat heterogeneity is essential in structuring tree communities in this natural archipelago of forest islands. We advocate that understanding the connection between habitat parameters and species functional traits can help to predict the ecological consequences of anthropogenic or natural impacts to those forests, supporting the development of effective conservation strategies.

The beech forests in the Cantabrian Range occur at the southwestern limit of the distribution of the species and are very important for wildlife and biodiversity in the region. Climate change is expected to increase the frequency and severity of drought events over the next few decades in southwestern Europe, and establishing how this will alter the distribution, abundance and productivity of beech is fundamental for biodiversity conservation and management. In this study, we used spatially continuous environmental variables to develop spatial distribution and site-productivity models for beech forests in the Cantabrian Range and to project these models to different climate change scenarios. Two raster-based models of resolution 250 m were constructed to identify suitable habitat (species distribution model) and to estimate site index (productivity model) for beech in the Cantabrian Range. Of the 23 variables retained in the spatial distribution model, climate, soil and terrain were the most important (explaining respectively 51.2%, 34.2% and 10.1% of the variation). The productivity model retained only three variables (percentage of silt in soil, mean diurnal range of temperature and plan curvature of the terrain) but was able to explain 54% of the total variation. Future projections based on two emission scenarios suggest that suitable habitat will be drastically reduced by 2070 (loss of 40–90% of the area for the moderate and pessimistic scenarios, respectively). However, the projections do not imply current population removal rather it can be probably interpreted in less favorable conditions for seedling establishment, higher mortality rates and a reduction in local density of populations. Productivity projections for suitable habitat suggest a large increase in the average site index (from current 15.19 to 18.18 m) in the moderate scenario and an increase of only 34 cm in the pessimistic scenario. The study findings provide basic information for conservation biology and could be used by decision-makers to develop and implement actions for mitigating the impact of climate change on beech forests.

A superficial water quality survey in a watershed of the Paraíba do Sul River, the main water supply for the most populated cities of southeastern Brazil, was held in order to assess the impact of the expansion of agricultural activity in the near border of the Atlantic Rain Forest. The aim of this study was to investigate the presence of priority organochlorine pollutants in soils and superficial waters of Atlantic rainforest fragments in Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro State. Soil sample preparations were compared by using ultrasound, microwave assisted extraction and Soxhlet extraction. Recoveries of matrix spiked samples ranged from 70 to 130%. Analysis of a certified soil material showed recoveries ranging from 71 to 234%. Although low concentrations of organochlorine residues were found in water and soil samples, this area is of environmental importance and concern, thus demanding a monitoring program of its compartments.

The successful implementation of habitat conservation measures demands regular and spatially explicit monitoring and reporting on conservation status at a range of scales, based on indicators of both habitat range and condition (structure and functions required for long-term maintenance). Such is the case with the Natura 2000 protected areas in Europe. Focusing on the cork oak (Quercus suber) forests of one such area, the Serra de Monchique in southern Portugal, we test the complementarity and joint effectiveness of airborne multispectral and laser scanning (lidar) in providing robust indicators of conservation status. Principal forest types and other land covers are mapped to an accuracy of up to 70% (11 land cover classes) and 81% (5 classes) by fusing the two remote sensing datasets, results that are superior to using either one alone. Using previously tested relationships between lidar height metrics, forest vegetation structure and species diversity, we develop a map predicting areas of high (22% of area), medium (25%) and low (53%) condition. We recommend the further development and testing of remotely sensed range and condition indicators of conservation status for their application in important forested sites across Europe and beyond.

Changes in forested landscapes may have important consequences for ecosystem services and biodiversity conservation. In northern Spain, major changes in land use occurred during the second half of the 20th century, but their impacts on forests have not been quantified. We evaluated the dynamics of landscape and forest distribution patterns between 1957 and 2003 in Fragas do Eume Natural Park (northwestern Spain). We used orthoimages and a set of standard landscape metrics to determine transitions between land cover classes and to examine forest distribution patterns. Eucalypt plantations showed the greatest increase in area (197%) over time. Furthermore, transitions to eucalypt plantations were found in all major land cover classes. Forest showed a net decline of 20% in total area and represented 30% of the landscape area in 2003. Forest losses were mainly due to eucalypt plantations and the building of a water reservoir, while forest gains were due to increases in shrubland, meadows and cultivated fields which had been recolonised. Forest patch size and core area decreased, and edge length increased over time. In turn, increases were obtained in mean distance between forest patches, and in adjacency to eucalypt plantations and to a water reservoir. These results suggest an increase in forest fragmentation from 1957 to 2003, as well as a change in the nature of the habitat surrounding forest patches. This study shows that land use changes, mostly from eucalypt plantation intensification, negatively affected forested habitats, although some regeneration was ongoing through ecological succession from land abandonment.

This paper shows the results of an assessment on the current extent of Neotropical dry forests based on a supervised classification of MODIS surface reflectance imagery at 500-m resolution. Our findings show that tropical dry forests extend for 519,597 km2 across North and South America. Mexico, Brazil and Bolivia harbor the largest and best-preserved dry forest fragments. Mexico contains the largest extent at 181,461 km2 (38% of the total), although it remains poorly represented under protected areas. On the other hand, Brazil and Bolivia contain the largest proportion of protected tropical dry forests and the largest extent in continuous forest fragments. We found that five single ecoregions account for more than half of the tropical dry forests in the Americas (continental and insular) and these ecoregions are: the Chiquitano dry forests, located in Bolivia and Brazil (27.5%), the Atlantic dry forests (10.2%), the Sinaloan dry forests in Mexico (9.7%), the Cuban dry forests (7.1%) and the Bajio dry forests in Mexico (7%). Chiquitano dry forests alone contain 142,941 km2 of dry forests. Of the approximately 23,000 km2 of dry forest under legal protection, 15,000 km2 are located in just two countries, Bolivia and Brazil. In fact, Bolivia protects 10,609 km2 of dry forests, where 7600 km2 are located within the Chiquitano dry forest ecoregion and protected by a single park. Low extent and high fragmentation of dry forests in countries like Guatemala, Nicaragua, Ecuador, Costa Rica and Peru means that these forests are at a higher risk from human disturbance and deforestation.

The presence of gorgonian forests and deep-sea sponge aggregations in the Le Danois Bank promoted its declaration as the “El Cachucho” Marine Protected Area (MPA) by the Spanish Ministry of Environment, and its inclusion in the Natura 2000 network. Both habitats are considered vulnerable, so follow-up surveys are being performed to monitor their conservation in compliance with the EU Habitats Directive. The use of a non-invasive methodology, which does not cause damage or alterations on benthic communities, is particularly necessary in vulnerable ecosystem studies and MPA monitoring.This study analyzed the assemblage structure of a Placogorgia sp. population using a 3D photogrammetry-based method. The study was carried out through the analysis of the video transects obtained at the Le Danois Bank, using the Politolana underwater towed vehicle during the July 2017 ECOMARG survey. Recent developments in specific software of photogrammetric image analysis allowed extracting valuable information from these video transects. Using the Pix4D Mapper Pro software, 3D point clouds were obtained, and the size and morphometry of yellow fan-shaped gorgonian population structure could be evaluated. Due to gorgonian's high structural complexity, the use of length (i.e. height) as the morphometric descriptor of the real size of the colonies is not appropriate. Instead of length, the fan surface area covered by each gorgonian colony was selected as a suitable parameter of size. The direct measurement of this parameter was possible through a complete 3D reconstruction of the gorgonian forest.A total of 426 colonies of Placogorgia sp. were digitalized to obtain surface measurements and fan spread orientation calculations in 3D models. The results show that gorgonian populations were mostly composed of a high proportion of small colonies (0–0.10 m2). The population structure distribution shows a high proportion (~27%) of recruits (<0.05 m2) and also many (19%) large colonies (>0.5 m2). In 78% of the gorgonian colonies, facing angles were grouped inside the first quadrant (0°-90°), in accordance with the main current direction in this zone. Colony distribution and fan orientation inside the gorgonian forest can be used as data sources to improve monitoring and management programs of these unique habitats in MPAs.

Atlantic oakwoods are of high conservation value in western Europe. Developing effective conservation management policies requires data on the dynamics of woodland over long time scales. Such data are not available through monitoring or documentary records so palaeoecological data have been investigated. Pollen and charcoal data from four western Irish woods covering up to 7000 years have been analysed to provide information on changes in alpha and beta diversity, rates of change and fire history over time. These analyses reveal that the most significant changes in biodiversity relate to the loss of Pinus sylvestris from these woods followed by their exploitation and subsequent management for timber, charcoal and tan bark. The structure and composition of the present day woods still display a strong legacy from their exploitation and this raises important questions relating to the long-term conservation management of these woods.

The Brazilian Cerrado is the second largest biome in Latin America, extending over more than 200 million ha and hosts some of the most intensive agricultural activities for grain and beef production in the world. Because of the biodiversity richness and high levels of endemism, Cerrado is considered one of world's hotspot for biodiversity conservation. The objectives of this study are three-fold: to present a comprehensive division of Cerrado into different ecoregions that reflect the environmental heterogeneity within the biome; to analyze the ecoregions in terms of biophysical characteristics, protected areas, environmental liability in riparian permanent protection areas along watercourses, and priorities for biodiversity conservation; and to rank the ecoregions in terms of endangerment for biodiversity conservation and restoration. A previous study that delineated 22 ecoregions using geomorphology, vegetation, soil, geology, and plant diversity maps was revised using topography, vegetation, precipitation, and soil maps. Our new ecoregion map consists of 19 units that are unique in terms of landscape characteristics and has been adjusted to the current official boundary map of Cerrado. Some of the ecoregions consist of only one geomorphological compartment, whereas others are heterogeneous, consisting of up to eight compartments. Ferralsols comprise the dominant soil type in 14 of the ecoregions. The percentage of protected areas within ecoregions ranges from 1.7% to 51.5%. The most endangered ecoregion, where land use change critically threatens habitat integrity, is the Depressão Cárstica do São Francisco (states of Bahia, Minas Gerais, and Piauí), where environmental liability along riparian permanent protection areas amounts to 85.6% of the total area. Our proposed ecoregion map provides a spatial framework for regional and local assessments to improve decision-making processes to reconcile conservation and restoration planning, sustainable agriculture, and provision of ecosystem services. Besides de adjustment of the previous Cerrado's ecoregion map to the official biome boundary (relevant for the implementation of public policies of conservation as those regulated by the Brazilian Forest Code), the new analyses of the ecoregion map represent a substantial improvement in comparison to the ones conducted by the previous study in 2003. In addition, current web resources allow us to make all the information used or derived from this study available to other users. This opens the possibility of additional improvements of our findings by the scientific community or to be used effectively by decision makers.

The increase in Greenhouse Gases (GHGs) clearly shows the impact of humankind on Earth's equilibrium and is one of the parameters that led to the concept of a new geological epoch, the Anthropocene. The levels of the three main GHGs (CO2, CH4 and N2O) were determined in Tijuca Forest, the largest urban secondary Atlantic forest in the world, and in an urban and suburban area of the Rio de Janeiro Metropolitan Region, using a low-cost method. Samples were collected using polypropylene syringes and analyzed by gas chromatography with multiple detectors. Concentrations of CO2, CH4 and N2O were in the range of 407–444 ppmV, 1.77–2.74 ppmV and 257–284 ppbV, respectively, in August 2016. In February and March, values were in the range of 350–419 ppmV, 1.61–2.07 ppmV and 283–335 ppbV, for CO2, CH4 and N2O, respectively. The CO2 levels determined in the forest and in the urbanized area showed no significant differences, suggesting the rapid transport of air masses and the role of the forest in the offsetting of CO2 in the urbanized area. In the suburban area, values were approximately 5% lower due to its relatively low population density and anthropogenic emissions. The CO2 concentrations obtained in this work are approximately 10% lower than values previously determined in other Brazilian cities using the same method, stressing the positive impact of dense urban forests on air quality and urban metabolism.

Widespread forest dieback is a phenomenon of global concern that requires an improved understanding of the relationship between tree growth and climate to support conservation efforts. One priority for conservation is the Atlas cedar (Cedrus atlantica), an endangered species exhibiting dieback throughout its North African range. In this study, we evaluate the long-term context for recent dieback and develop a projection of future C. atlantica growth by exploring the periodic variability of its growth through time. First, we present a new C. atlantica tree-ring chronology (1150–2013 CE) from the Middle Atlas mountains, Morocco. We then compare the new chronology to existing C. atlantica chronologies in Morocco and use principal components analysis (PCA) to isolate the common periodic signal from the seven longest available records (PCA7, 1271–1984 CE) in the Middle and High Atlas portions of the C. atlantica range. PCA7 captures 55.7% of the variance and contains significant multidecadal (˜95 yr, ˜57 yr, ˜21 yr) periodic components, revealed through spectral and wavelet analyses. Parallel analyses of historical climate data (1901–2016 CE) suggests that the multidecadal growth signal originates primarily in growing season (spring and summer) precipitation variability, compounded by slow-changing components of summer and winter temperatures. Finally, we model the long-term growth patterns between 1271–1984 CE using a small number (three to four) of harmonic components, illustrating that suppressed growth since the 1970s – a factor implicated in the dieback of this species – is consistent with recurrent climatically-driven growth declines. Forward projection of this model suggests two climatically-favourable periods for growth in the 21st century that may enhance current conservation actions for the long-term survival of the C. atlantica in the Middle and High Atlas mountains.

Rising deer densities are often in conflict with human activity. Among those conflicts there is conservation of natural resources whereas the protected areas, which are often unhunted, are known to form a hunting refuge resulting in higher deer densities than in the surrounding hunted areas. The issue is well known in many protected areas in the US, much less information on the matter is available in Europe, where protected areas are much smaller than in the other regions of the world. We studied red deer density, their distribution and pressure on vegetation in Słowiński National Park, northern Poland, whose land area is 11,000 ha and the forest area is just 6000 ha. Red deer density inside the forest area of the Park (ca. 26 ind./100 ha) was 2–3 times higher than in the surrounding hunted forest districts. Deer density in the Park had a limited influence (within a zone of 1 km) on the density of the species in the forest districts (only in one out of two districts). Despite its small size red deer densities within the Park were diversified and they were influenced by the forest site type and the distance to non-forest sites. Red deer density in the Park’s forests was inversely related to the distance to food abundant agricultural areas and positively related to the distance to the cover offering ones. Though the impact on forest vegetation (in terms of its biomass) was proportional to its availability, distance to non-forest sites strongly influenced the pressure. We conclude that that lack of hunting, together with favourable food and cover condition, can increase large herbivore densities even in relatively small protected areas. Since their high densities can have a negative direct and indirect influence on biodiversity and the primary goal of protected areas is biodiversity protection, we call for more research on the issue followed by a public debate in Europe concerning potential control of large herbivore populations in protected areas.

Implementing long-term monitoring programs that effectively inform conservation plans is a top priority in environmental management. In floodplain forests, historical pressures interplay with the complex multiscale dynamics of fluvial systems and require integrative approaches to pinpoint drivers for their deterioration and ecosystem services loss. Combining a conceptual framework such as the Driver-Pressure-State-Impact-Response (DPSIR) with the development of valid biological indicators can contribute to the analysis of the driving forces and their effects on the ecosystem in order to formulate coordinated conservation measures. In the present study, we evaluate the initial results of a decade (2004–2014) of floodplain forest monitoring. We adopted the DPSIR framework to summarize the main drivers in land use and environmental change, analyzed the effects on biological indicators of foundation trees and compared the consistency of the main drivers and their effects at two spatial scales. The monitoring program was conducted in one of the largest and best preserved floodplain forests in SW Europe located within Doñana National Park (Spain) which is dominated by Salix atrocinerea and Fraxinus angustifolia. The program combined field (in situ) surveys on a network of permanent plots with several remote sensing sources. The accuracy obtained in spectral classifications allowed shifts in species cover across the whole forest to be detected and assessed. However, remote sensing did not reflect the ecological status of forest populations. The field survey revealed a general decline in Salix populations, especially in the first five years of sampling –a factor probably associated with a lag effect from past human impact on the hydrology of the catchment and recent extreme climatic episodes (drought). In spite of much reduced seed regeneration, a resprouting strategy allows long-lived Salix individuals to persist in complex spatial dynamics. This suggests the beginning of a recovery resulting from recent coordinated societal responses to control excessive water extraction in the catchment, highlighting the need for continuing long-term monitoring. The DPSIR framework proved useful as a conceptual tool in analyzing the entire environmental system, while both field and remote sensing approaches complemented each other in quantifying indicator trends, improving the monitoring design and informing conservation plans.

Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil has one of the most diverse and most endangered avifaunas in the continental Americas. Many of these endangered birds are endemic to the Atlantic Forest biodiversity hotspot, and some even endemic to Rio de Janeiro itself. As with all other forested hotspots, little original forest remains. Much of that is outside formal protected areas and faces the risk of deforestation. These factors create special circumstances for setting conservation priorities — ones common to hotspots in general — but typically not to many conservation priority setting exercises.We mapped the distribution of the remaining habitat for the 189 birds in Rio de Janeiro state that are officially endangered and/or endemic to the Atlantic Forest. Using those habitat maps, we calculated the amount of habitat currently within protected areas for each species. We then prioritized all non-protected parts of the state for their avian conservation value and their potential contribution to a comprehensive protected area system. This analysis identified 10% of the remaining unprotected part of the state as the highest priority for avian conservation. We further highlight specific locations where conservation actions could create a more comprehensive protected area system for the avifauna of Rio de Janeiro state.

Sloths are arboreal mammals strictly dependent upon forested habitats. The southern part of the state of Bahia in northeastern Brazil harbors important forest remnants and the highest genetic diversity known for the maned sloth (Bradypus torquatus), an endangered species endemic to the Atlantic forest. Large extents of cacao agroforests (cabrucas) connected to forest patches mitigate the effects of fragmentation in this region. We radio-tracked three maned sloths during 40 months in a cabruca at the vicinity of Una Biological Reserve, southern Bahia, and estimated their home range using two commonly employed estimators (minimum convex polygon (MCP) and kernel). Overall cabrucas comprised a significant portion of the home range of the three study animals (MCP: 7–100%) and at least a third of the areas of more intensive use (kernel: 27–99%). The tagged sloths used cabrucas more than expected according to the availability of this habitat in their home range and in the surrounding landscape. In addition to the tagged individuals, maned sloths were observed five times in the study area, twice in cabrucas. Eleven tree species present in cabrucas were used as food sources by maned sloths. Results indicate that biologically rich cacao agroforests immersed in a landscape still largely composed of native forests, as is the case here, can provide habitat for the maned sloth. This finding spells good news for the conservation of this species, as southern Bahia is one of the most important strongholds for the maned sloth. However, further actions are necessary to protect the species from local extinction, including active management of protected areas, forest fragments, cabrucas and pastures in an integrated, landscape-level manner.

The Araucaria forest ecosystem in southern Brazil is highly threatened: less than one percent of the original forest remains, and what is left is a fragmented agro-mosaic of mostly early-to-late secondary forest patches among high-yield agriculture and timber monocultures. Forest restoration initiatives in this region aim to restore degraded areas, however the limited number of species used in restoration projects represents a missed opportunity for species-rich plantings. High diversity plantings represent a larger number of functional groups and provide a targeted conservation strategy for the high number of threatened species within this ecosystem. This study interviewed nurseries (Ns) and restoration practitioners (RPs) in Paraná and Santa Catarina states to identify what species are being cultivated and planted, and what factors are driving the species selection process. An average of 20 species were reportedly used in restoration plantings, most of which are common, widespread species. Baseline data confirms that Ns and RPs have disproportionately low occurrences of threatened species in their inventories and plantings, supporting findings from previous research. Questionnaire responses reveal that opportunities for seed acquisition are an extremely important factor in order for nurseries to increase their diversity of cultivated species. Results also suggest that facilitating species-rich plantings for restoration practitioners would only be feasible if it did not increase the time required to complete planting projects, as it would minimize their ability to keep costs low. This study proposes solutions for increasing the number of species used in restoration practice—such as developing a comprehensive species list, fostering knowledge-sharing between actors, creating seed sharing programs, and increasing coordination of planting projects. Long-term strategies involve complimenting traditional ex situ approaches with emerging inter-situ and quasi in situ conservation strategies which simultaneously provide long-term preservation of genetic diversity and increase seed production of target species.

The Atlantic bluefin tuna (ABFT) fishery is regulated by the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT), which establishes the allowable annual yield and the minimum capture size, and allocates capture quotas to the Contracting Parties. Despite fishery monitoring, a considerable amount of captures escapes ICCAT control. In the Mediterranean Sea, the purse seine fishery supports ABFT farming, a capture-based aquaculture activity that involves catching fish from the wild and rearing them in sea cages for a few months. The first spine of the cranial dorsal fin undergoes a continuous bone remodeling process consisting in old bone (primary bone) resorption and new bone (secondary bone) apposition. A marked increase of spine bone resorption was shown in captive-reared ABFT with respect to wild specimens. In this paper, the Random Forest (RF), a Computer Aided Detection system, was applied to distinguish captive-reared from wild ABFT based on fish age, fish fork length, total surface of spine cross section, and surface of remodeled bone tissue in the spine cross section (sum of reabsorbed bone tissue and secondary cancellous bone). The RF system was also compared to the Logistic Regression method (LR). The percentages of properly classified animals, either wild or captive-reared, with respect to the overall number of animals, i.e. accuracy, was 95.3 ± 2.6% and 79.0 ± 5.1% for RF and LR, respectively. The percentages of the properly classified captive-reared specimens, i.e. sensitivity, were 93.5 ± 3.1% and 75.8 ± 5.3% for RF and LR, respectively. The percentages of the properly classified wild specimens was 96.7 ± 2.2% and 81.4 ± 4.9%, for RF and LR, respectively. The proposed technique appears to be a reliable investigation tool anytime the suspicion arises that illegally caught ABFT are sold as aquaculture products.

This paper presents a case study on the use of features derived from remote sensing data for mapping the highly fragmented semideciduous Atlantic forest in Brazil. Innovative aspects of this research include the evaluation of different feature sets in order to improve land cover mapping. The feature sets were defined based on expert knowledge and on data mining techniques to be input to traditional and machine learning algorithms for pattern recognition, viz. maximum likelihood, univariate decision trees, multivariate decision trees, and neural networks. The results showed that the maximum likelihood classification using temporal texture descriptors as extracted with wavelet transforms was most accurate to classify the semideciduous Atlantic forest. In this study, a special accuracy measure was used: the so-called class mapping accuracy. Maximum likelihood performed relatively well, with forest mapping accuracies ranging from 34.5 to 51.3%. In contrast, accuracies for neural networks ranged from 19.0 to 45.2%. Classification confusion occurred mainly with coffee and eucalyptus plantations. Univariate trees provided the most robust results for different feature sets, with accuracies ranging from 39.6 to 46.7%. Temporal information of vegetation indices was more important than image texture, terrain topography and raw spectral information for discriminating semideciduous Atlantic forest.

The Northern Hemisphere was widely covered by a tropical flora (i.e., the Boretropical flora) in the Eocene and the evaluation of plant diversifications in the post-Boreotropical era has become an important challenge to understanding the modern biogeographic complexity in this vast region. Toxicodendron or the poison ivy genus of the sumac family has a temperate to tropical distribution in Asia and North America and can serve as an excellent model for investigating the evolution of the post-Boreotropical biogeographic complexity. Molecular age estimates were calculated using a Bayesian approach with sampling covering the taxonomic diversity and biogeographic distributions within the genus, and sequence data from three nuclear DNA (ITS, ETS, NIA-i3) and two chloroplast (ndhF, trnL-F) regions, combined with calibrations from three fossil records. Ancestral areas were reconstructed using RASP and BioGeoBears. Toxicodendron is estimated to have a Boreotropical origin in the New World in the late Eocene at 37.68 Ma. It then diversified into a subtropical-temperate and a tropical lineage, followed by migrating into eastern Asia via the North Atlantic land bridges in the Oligocene to early Miocene. Two tropical migration events during the Miocene are identified between continental Asia and SE Asia or New Guinea around 20.91 Ma and 14.33 Ma, respectively. Results from this study highlight the importance of the North Atlantic land bridges and eastern Asia in the post-Boreotopical plant divergences in the Northern Hemisphere, especially when biogeographic exchanges between North and South America were limited.

Atlantic oakwoods are of high conservation value in western Europe. Developing effective conservation management policies requires data on the dynamics of woodland over long time scales. Such data are not available through monitoring or documentary records so palaeoecological data have been investigated. Pollen and charcoal data from four western Irish woods covering up to 7000 years have been analysed to provide information on changes in alpha and beta diversity, rates of change and fire history over time. These analyses reveal that the most significant changes in biodiversity relate to the loss of Pinus sylvestris from these woods followed by their exploitation and subsequent management for timber, charcoal and tan bark. The structure and composition of the present day woods still display a strong legacy from their exploitation and this raises important questions relating to the long-term conservation management of these woods.

Understanding large-scale patterns of biological diversity is one of the most important issues in ecology. Parameters of scorpion assemblages may serve as a proxy to understand how arthropods respond to bioclimatic changes by adjusting their spatially structured distribution. We analysed how scorpion species richness, abundance, and composition respond to climatic variations found along a longitudinal gradient between wet (Atlantic Forest) and dry (Caatinga hypo and hyperxerophilic) forests in Brazil. A total of 20 sites were sampled four times along a 712 km longitudinal wet-dry bioclimatic gradient in north-eastern Brazil. We recorded 2653 scorpions from 12 species, belonging to five genera and two families. Environmental variables associated with precipitation and temperature had a strong effect on scorpion distribution, resulting in a distinct faunal composition at both extremes of the gradient. Species composition presented a turnover along the bioclimatic gradient, with beta diversity increasing towards the drier sites. The increase of dryness coincide with increases in temperature, moisture reduction, and a general environmental harshness. Our study, therefore, indicates that species sensitivity to climatic variation determines scorpion distribution in Neotropical forests.

Here we advert for the degree of overlap between the expansion plans of the wind-energy sector and the conservation goals in the Brazilian Caatinga, the largest and most diverse dry forest of the Americas. This ecosystem harbors more than 70% of both installed capacity and planned expansion of wind-powered energy in Brazil. However, a great proportion of wind farms are both currently operating or planned to be installed in areas already mapped and selected as of very high and extremely high priority for biodiversity conservation. Infrastructure expansion must therefore be accompanied with increase protection to biodiversity and poverty amelioration to attain sustainable development goals. We claim that wind-energy companies to publicize their plans of expansion and assuming public commitments to safeguard the natural ecosystems, thus avoiding an undesirable conflict of interest.

This paper analyses the increase in forest surface covered by trees in Spain in the second half of the twentieth century in the light of Forest Transition Theory and explores the existence of a statistical relationship between this process and forest fires. The study describes the afforestation policy based on new forest plantations developed by Franco’s Dictatorship in the period 1940–1988, linking it to the forest fires that occurred in the period 1968–2002, in order to determine, at a provincial level, the extent to which the afforestation activity affected the number of hectares burnt. The evidence shows a significant positive relationship between forest fires and the afforested hectares, especially 30–35 years after plantations. The effect increases when the model is implemented exclusively for the Cantabrian and Atlantic north-west provinces, especially affected by afforestation programmes. Our findings reinforce the need to complement certain models of Forest Transition based on tree plantations, taking into account the possible relationship that they have with fires, particularly in environmental contexts prone to fires.

The importance of long-term historical information derived from paleoecological studies has long been recognized as a fundamental aspect of effective conservation. However, there remains some uncertainty regarding the extent to which paleoecology can inform on specific issues of high conservation priority, at the scale for which conservation policy decisions often take place. Here we review to what extent the past occurrence of three fundamental aspects of forest conservation can be assessed using paleoecological data, with a focus on northern Europe. These aspects are (1) tree species composition, (2) old/large trees and coarse woody debris, and (3) natural disturbances. We begin by evaluating the types of relevant historical information available from contemporary forests, then evaluate common paleoecological techniques, namely dendrochronology, pollen, macrofossil, charcoal, and fossil insect and wood analyses. We conclude that whereas contemporary forests can be used to estimate historical, natural occurrences of several of the aspects addressed here (e.g. old/large trees), paleoecological techniques are capable of providing much greater temporal depth, as well as robust quantitative data for tree species composition and fire disturbance, qualitative insights regarding old/large trees and woody debris, but limited indications of past windstorms and insect outbreaks. We also find that studies of fossil wood and paleoentomology are perhaps the most underutilized sources of information. Not only can paleoentomology provide species specific information, but it also enables the reconstruction of former environmental conditions otherwise unavailable. Despite the potential, the majority of conservation-relevant paleoecological studies primarily focus on describing historical forest conditions in broad terms and for large spatial scales, addressing former climate, land-use, and landscape developments, often in the absence of a specific conservation context. In contrast, relatively few studies address the most pressing conservation issues in northern Europe, often requiring data on the presence or quantities of dead wood, large trees or specific tree species, at the scale of the stand or reserve. Furthermore, even fewer examples exist of detailed paleoecological data being used for conservation planning, or the setting of operative restorative baseline conditions at local scales. If ecologist and conservation biologists are going to benefit to the full extent possible from the ever-advancing techniques developed by the paleoecological sciences, further integration of these disciplines is desirable.

We studied the intraspecific evolutionary history of the South American Atlantic forest endemic Xiphorhynchus fuscus (Aves: Dendrocolaptidae) to address questions such as: Was the diversification of this bird’s populations associated to areas of avian endemism? Which models of speciation (i.e., refuges, river as barriers or geotectonism) explain the diversification within X. fuscus? Does the genetic data support subspecies as independent evolutionary units (species)? We used mitochondrial (n = 34) and nuclear (n = 68) DNA sequences of X. fuscus to study temporal and spatial relationships within and between populations. We described four main monophyletic lineages that diverged during the Pleistocene. The subspecies taxonomy did not match all the evolutionary lineages; subspecies atlanticus was the only one that represented a monophyletic and isolated lineage. The distribution of these lineages coincided with some areas of endemism for passerines, suggesting that those areas could be regions of biotic differentiation. The ancestor of X. fuscus diverged ∼3 million years ago from Amazonian taxa and the phylogeographic pattern suggested that X. fuscus radiated from northeastern Brazil. Neither the riverine nor the geotectonic vicariance models are supported as the primary cause for diversification of geographic lineages, but rainforest contractions and expansions (ecological vicariance) can explain most of the spatial divergence observed in this species. Finally, analyses of gene flow and divergence time estimates suggest that the endangered subspecies atlanticus (from northeastern Brazil) can be considered a full species under the general lineage species concept.

Over the last decades there have been a considerable number of deforestation studies in Latin America reporting lower rates compared with other regions; although these studies are either regional or local and do not allow the comparison of the intraregional variability present among countries or forest types. Here, we present the results obtained from a systematic review of 369 articles (published from 1990 to 2014) about deforestation rates for 17 countries and forest types (tropical lowland, tropical montane, tropical and subtropical dry, subtropical temperate and mixed, and Atlantic forests). Drivers identified as direct or indirect causes of deforestation in the literature were also analysed. With an overall annual deforestation rate of −1.14 (±0.092 SE) in the region, we compared the rates per forest type and country. The results indicate that there is a high variability of forest loss rates among countries and forest types. In general, Chile and Argentina presented the highest deforestation rates (−3.28 and −2.31 yearly average, respectively), followed by Ecuador and Paraguay (−2.19 and −1.89 yearly average, respectively). Atlantic forests (−1.62) and tropical montane forests (−1.55) presented the highest deforestation rates for the region. In particular, tropical lowland forests in Ecuador (−2.42) and tropical dry forests in Mexico (−2.88) and Argentina (−2.20) were the most affected. In most countries, the access to markets and agricultural and forest activities are the main causes of deforestation; however, the causes vary according to the forest types. Deforestation measurements focused at different scales and on different forest types will help governments to improve their reports for international initiatives, such as reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD+) but, more importantly, for developing local policies for the sustainable management of forests and for reducing the deforestation in Latin America.

Species composition and richness of epigeous gasteromycetes were investigated in four remnants of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest in northeastern Brazil. Two of these areas are coastal, lowland forests, while the other two, also known as ‘brejos de altitude’, are inland, highland forests. Thirty-six field expeditions were carried out from Jun. 2008 to May 2009 in a 500 m × 20 m transect in each surveyed area. Collected specimens consisted of 16 gasteroid species of the genera Clathrus (one sp.), Cyathus (four spp.), Geastrum (nine spp.), Morganella (one sp.) and Phallus (one sp.). Analysis of Similarity (ANOSIM) showed that species richness and composition of gasteroid fungi are different between lowland and highland forests. There was no significant difference between collecting seasons (dry and rainy months) in the four localities.

Human-modified tropical landscapes under semi-natural or agro-ecosystems often harbor biodiversity of significant conservation value. In the Western Ghats of India, these ecosystems also provide connectivity between protected areas and other remnant forests. We investigated the conservation value of these landscapes and agro-ecosystems using results from 35 studies covering 14 taxonomic groups. Large, conspicuous taxonomic groups and tree-covered land-use types have received much focus in this area of research in the Western Ghats. We computed a response ratio defined as the log ratio of species richness in human land use to species richness in forest control site from 17 studies. In a meta-analysis, we investigated variation of this ratio across studies with respect to three variables: taxonomic group, the land-use type sampled and the extent of forest cover within the study landscape. Higher forest cover within the landscape emerged as a major positive influence on biodiversity in human-modified landscapes for vertebrates and vegetation while no patterns emerged for invertebrates. Our results suggest that loss of remnant forest patches from these landscapes is likely to reduce biodiversity within agro-ecosystems and exacerbate overall biodiversity loss across the Western Ghats. Conservation of these remnant forest patches through protection and restoration of habitat and connectivity to larger forest patches needs to be prioritized. In the densely populated Western Ghats, this can only be achieved by building partnerships with local land owners and stakeholders through innovative land-use policy and incentive schemes for conservation.

Tree cavities are proposed to limit populations and structure communities of cavity-nesting birds. Although the greatest diversity of cavity-nesting birds is found in tropical and subtropical moist forests, little is known about how tropical logging affects the abundance of cavities or cavity-nesting birds. We compared the abundance of cavities and cavity nests between primary and selectively-logged subtropical moist Atlantic forest in Argentina, and conducted the first before-after controlled nest-box addition experiment to determine whether nest sites limit the breeding density of cavity-nesting birds in tropical or subtropical moist forest. Visual inspection of 86 cavities identified through ground-surveys revealed that only 19% were suitable for nesting birds, suggesting that cavity abundance may be overestimated in the literature on tropical forests. Suitable cavities were found in fewer than 1% of 1156 trees <60 cm dbh but 20% of 20 trees >100 cm dbh. Logged forest had half the basal area of primary forest, one third the density of large trees, nine times fewer cavities suitable for nesting birds, and 17 times fewer active nests. When we added nest boxes, nesting density increased on treatment plots but not on control plots in both logged and primary forest, suggesting that cavity supply can limit nest density even in relatively undisturbed forest. This is the first experiment to show how reduced cavity supply in logged tropical forest can limit breeding density of cavity-nesting birds. International initiatives such as forest certification should promote tropical timber management strategies that conserve large live cavity-bearing trees.

Regenerating forests are important for the maintenance of tropical biodiversity. Forest management in fragments of Atlantic forest in Brazil includes removal of exotic eucalyptus trees that were once part of plantations, in order to reestablish native flora. However, it is unclear how native tree saplings regenerating under former plantations respond to abrupt changes in environmental conditions associated with exotic tree removal. We used leaf carbon isotope composition (δ13C) and photosynthetic parameters to evaluate physiological responses of native tree saplings to canopy opening. We analyzed young and mature leaves of the three most representative species of regenerating trees (Byrsonima sericea, Siparuna guianensis, Xylopia sericea) in one secondary forest fragment and three managed areas that form an irradiance gradient (9, 85, 230 and 550 μmol m−2 s−1) in Brazilian Atlantic forest. Eucalyptus removal increased photosynthetic CO2 assimilation and stomatal conductance in mature leaves of all species, but there was no change in intercellular CO2 concentration. In young leaves, two species showed increasing A and one species showed increasing gs in response to canopy opening. Leaf δ13C did not vary significantly among species, but site and age affected δ13C, as leaves from shaded sites showed lower δ13C values (around −33‰) than leaves from lighter sites (around −30‰), and young leaves showed higher δ13C values (around −30‰) than mature leaves (around −32‰). Mature leaves showed greater photosynthesis and stomatal conductance than young leaves. The sensitivity of young leaf δ13C to irradiance increases suggests that δ13C in these organs is controlled not only through carbon imported to new leaves during growth, but also through direct responses of stomatal control and carboxylation as these young leaves develop their photosynthetic competency. Young and mature leaves showed decreased total chlorophyll/carotenoids with increasing irradiance, indicating acclimation capacity from early developmental phases. Young leaves in high irradiance sites showed susceptibility to irradiance stress (Fv/Fm around 0.7), but values for mature leaves did not show high irradiance stress (Fv/Fm around 0.8). In conclusion, forest management affected leaf δ13C of the main regenerating understory species, with site effects being more important than species-specific features for photosynthetic performance. The data also indicate that these species are resilient to forest management that includes exotic eucalyptus canopy tree removal. In this context, carbon stable isotopes can be considered as recorders of ecological change and can be used to study the effects of management on forest regeneration and photosynthetic competency.

Almost two-thirds of the Brazilian territory still has prevalence of natural vegetation. Although not all pristine, much of these areas have high conservation value. 170 million hectare (Mha) of the natural vegetation is located within Federal and State protected areas. Most of the remaining 367 Mha is on private agriculture lands, where the Forest Act is the most important legal framework for conservation. In July 2010, the Brazilian parliament began the analysis of a substitutive legislation for the Forest Act. The main motivations for the revision is that, on the one hand, it has been found ineffective in protecting natural vegetation, and on the other hand, it is perceived as a barrier against development in the agriculture sector. The substitutive Forest Act, as it presently stands, does not represent a balance between existing standpoints and objectives; it may drive development towards either more private protection through market-driven compensation actions, or increased deforestation and less nature protection/restoration. This article uses outcomes from modeling analyses to discuss weaknesses of the substitutive Forest Act and to suggest possible improvements.

The fate of much of the world’s terrestrial biodiversity is linked to the management of human-modified forest landscapes in the humid tropics. This Special Issue presents the first pan-tropical synthesis of research on the prospects for biodiversity in such systems, with eight individual regional summaries covering Mesoamerica, Amazonia, Atlantic forest of South America, West Africa, Madagascar, Western Ghats, Southeast Asia and Oceania. Two additional papers compare the state of conservation science in tropical forests with both temperate forests and savannah systems. This overview paper provides a comparative analysis of the threats and opportunities facing tropical forest biodiversity, thereby helping to identify the most pressing areas of future research and region-specific factors that contribute towards the effectiveness of individual conservation initiatives. While many of the threats facing tropical forest biodiversity are commonplace they vary markedly in their relative importance across different regions. There is a critical lack of comparable data to understand scale dependent processes, or the relative importance of varying geographic and historical contexts in determining present-day patterns. Conservation science has a key role to play in safeguarding the future of tropical forest biodiversity, but needs to become more effectively embedded in the context of real-world conservation challenges and opportunities. Significant progress can be achieved by improving the cost-effectiveness of research as well as the exchange of ideas and data amongst scientists working in different, often isolated parts of the world. We hope this special issue goes some way top achieving this exchange of knowledge.

tlantic Forest mammals are still poorly known and very few localities have been properly surveyed and/or studied. Protected reserves are of paramount importance for the conservation of native flora and fauna. Hereby we provide a survey of mammals captured and/or observed in Poço das Antas Biological Reserve, the largest lowland Atlantic Forest reserve in Rio de Janeiro state, southeastern Brazil. A total of 77 species were recorded, several of them endemics and/or listed as threatened either by IUCN's Red List, by the Brazilian Red List or by the regional Red List of Rio de Janeiro State. Mammals are threatened in several ways in this area: (1) habitat loss and fragmentation, (2) road mortality, (3) fires, (4) poaching, (5) cattle grazing, (6) pollution, (7) exotic species, and (8) feral populations of dogs Canis familiaris and cats Felis catus. Despite all threats, this is an important site for biodiversity conservation and scientific research. Better management and more investment would surely improve its effectiveness in protecting Atlantic Forest mammals.

Mankind has been altering native forests in Macaronesia for at least five centuries. Forestry practices are known to reduce biodiversity due to habitat loss, fragmentation and alteration. To assess the potential of plantations to provide habitat for epiphytic lichens in comparison with native forests, we examined three types of forest in the Canary Islands: laurel forest (native forest) and two monospecific plantations of Pinus radiata and Eucalyptus globulus. Epiphytic lichen diversity was evaluated using a methodology of species richness and lichen diversity values (LDV). Our results demonstrate that the conversion of laurel forests to monoculture plantations of exotic tree species decreases lichen diversity and alters lichen community composition. Our findings hightlight how native epiphytic lichens from the cloud forest cannot survive under the same climatic conditions if the host plant community is changed.

The maned sloth Bradypus torquatus (Bradypodidae:Pilosa) is an endangered and endemic species of the Atlantic Forest in Brazil, a biome that was anthropogenically reduced to about 7% of its original extent. Nowadays, an apparently decreasing population is restricted to few remaining rainforest fragments. We analyzed nuclear and mitochondrial genes of 69 individuals from the Brazilian states of Bahia, Espírito Santo and Rio de Janeiro to estimate their current and historical population dynamics. The diversification history of B. torquatus populations was mainly led by dispersal and vicariant events occurring during Pliocene and Pleistocene associated to several climatic and vegetation changes. Besides, the current distribution of remaining populations was also likely affected by recent anthropogenic deforestation occurring in the last five centuries in Brazil, resulting in local extinction of many intermediate B. torquatus populations. Our time scaled phylogeographic results indicate that in the Pliocene, an ancestral population of B. torquatus was originally located in the intermediate Atlantic Forest region between BA and ES states and dispersed northwards and southwards to its current range. These results indicate also that the northern and southern Atlantic Forest B. torquatus lineages should have independent management plans and conservation policies due to their ancient history of isolation and evolutionary independency.

Worldwide, increasing human activity, such as agriculture and mining, and decreased landscape complexity, are negatively affecting numerous mammal species. For example, bat communities are becoming threatened in many locations mostly due to the loss of their preferred roosting and foraging habitats. Brazilian landscapes and their associated bat communities are no exception, with the situation being further exacerbated by recently adopted permissive environmental laws that have resulted in reduced biodiversity protection and conservation. Therefore, there is an urgent need to understand how landscape and environmental variables relate to bat activities in Brazil in order to support efforts for their conservation. We used acoustic monitoring data to investigate differences in foraging and social activity of insectivorous bats among four habitat types in a heterogeneous landscape in the Cerrado-Atlantic forest ecotone in southeastern Brazil. We also sampled insect availability and measured temperature at the same sites. Our results showed increased social activity and a greater number of species emitting social calls in karst, and increased feeding activity with a greater number of species emitting feeding buzzes in gallery forest. We also found a positive influence of both temperature and insect abundance on foraging and social activity. Our study provides new insights regarding habitat use by bats in a heterogeneous landscape, and demonstrates the importance of preserving different habitats in heterogeneous landscapes for the conservation of bat species and the ecological functions they perform.

The fragmentation of natural environments is a critical issue involving major challenges for biodiversity conservation and ecosystem management. Large-scale information on areas sensitive to fragmentation is needed to improve the effectiveness of planning efforts. One promising metric combining the landscape spatial configuration with species characteristics is the metapopulation capacity λ, which can be used to rank different fragmented landscapes in terms of their capacity to support viable metapopulations. A methodology to globally derive a fragmentation metric based on metapopulation capacity, at appropriate and meaningful spatial scales for fragmentation mechanisms, was developed. To illustrate the applicability and interest of the methodology, worldwide regionalised fragmentation indexes, calculated with a dispersal distance of 1 km valid for a broad range of species, were provided for all forest ecoregions included in the biodiversity hotspots. Ecoregions were divided by a virtual grid and a statistical analysis of metapopulation capacity values calculated at the grid square scale was performed to obtain a Forest Fragmentation Potential FFP at three levels of spatial aggregation within the ecoregion (highly converted forest, entire forest, and the whole ecoregion). The results highlighted significant intra- and inter-ecoregions differences, showing great potential to extend the use of these indexes to land use planning and areas prioritisation for both ecological protection and restoration. The influence of the different parameters used in the proposed approach is discussed as well as the limitations of the main assumptions. One important result is that the derived methodology can be easily adapted to a large number of species, scales, or regions to improve the coverage of fragmentation indexes.

Tropical forest ecosystems may be subjected to climate-origin oxidative stress as it is observed in Southeast Brazil. The region is characterized by seasonal climate with well-defined wet and dry periods. Anthropogenic air pollutants are additional oxidative stress sources in these ecosystems. However, the tolerance of Brazilian tree species to oxidative stress is still unknown. Thus, the current field study aims to comparatively establish the range of antioxidant responses of ascorbate-glutathione cycle in Astronium graveolens, Croton floribundus and Piptadenia gonoacantha adult trees exposed to air pollutants and seasonal tropical climate as indicators of their increasing tolerance to oxidative stress. These are the most abundant species in the semideciduous Atlantic Forest, in Southeast Brazil. Variations in biochemical leaf traits (antioxidant defenses: ascorbate peroxidase, catalase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione reductase, ascorbate and glutathione; pigments: chlorophyll a, b and carotenoid; oxidative damage indicators: hydrogen peroxide and lipid peroxidation indicator) were determined. The native Brazilian tree species revealed distinct biochemical patterns in response to environmental oxidative stress during the wet and dry seasons. Biochemical leaf traits changed mainly in response to photoxidative stress, during the wet season. This variation was stimulated by better climate conditions to photosynthesis and plant growth, such as high light energy, water availability and temperatures. Catalase seemed to be the biochemical leaf tolerance indicator in all species during the wet season. The environmental conditions during the dry season, either of natural or anthropogenic origin, were stressful to the Brazilian tree species. They induced several changes in their biochemical leaf traits. Such changes were indicated by multilinear regression analyses. Oxidative/antioxidative imbalances, such as increased lipid peroxidation and decreased glutathione as well as the chlorophyll contents, were the most appropriate oxidative stress indicators during the dry season. C. floribundus was the most efficient species in terms of oxidative stress tolerance and it was followed by A. graveolens and P. gonoacantha.

As ectotherms, amphibians may exhibit changes in their thermal biology associated with spatial and temporal environmental contingencies. However, our knowledge on how amphibian´s thermal biology responds to seasonal changes in the environment is restricted to a few species, mostly from temperate regions, in a marked contrast with the high species diversity found in the Neotropics. We investigated whether or not the seasonal variation in climatic parameters from a high-montane ombrophilous forest in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest could lead to concurrent adjustments in the thermal biology of the terrestrial toad Rhinella icterica. We measured active body temperature (Tb) in the field, and preferred body temperature (Tpref) and thermal tolerance (critical thermal minimum, CTmin, and maximum, CTmax) in the laboratory, for toads collected at two distinct seasons: warm/wet and cold/dry. We also measured operative environmental temperatures (Te) using agar toad models coupled with dataloggers distributed in different microhabitats in the field to estimate accuracy (db) and effectiveness (E) of thermoregulation of the toads for both seasons. Toads had higher Tpref in the warm/wet season compared to the cold/dry season, even though no seasonal change occurred in field Tb's. In the warm/wet season, toads decreased the accuracy of thermoregulation and avoided thermally favorable microhabitats, while in the cold/dry season they increased the accuracy of thermoregulation and exhibited high degree of thermoconformity. This result may encompass thermoregulatory adjustments to seasonal changes in Te's, but may also reflect seasonal differences in compromises between Tb regulation and other ecologically relevant activities (reproduction, foraging). Toads did not exhibit changes in CTmin or CTmax, which indicates a low risk of exposure to extreme temperatures in this particular habitat, at both seasons, possibly combined with a low flexibility of this trait. Overall, our study shows seasonal acclimatization in some aspects of the thermal biology of the toad, R. icterica.

Despite the importance of tropical forest fragmentation on carbon balance, most of our knowledge comes from few sites in the Amazon and disregard long-term underlying processes related to landscape configuration. Accurate estimation of fragmentation effects should account for additive edge effects and edge age. Here we investigated those effects on C stock and forest structure (density, height, basal area) in fragments (13 to 362 ha) of forest with ≥ 70 years old, surrounded by pasture, in the Brazilian Atlantic forest region. We measured 5297 stems sampled in four categories replicated in eight fragments: fragment interiors (>110 m from edges); old (>50 years) corner edges (< 50 m); old straight edges; and new (ca. 44 years) straight edges. Aboveground biomass was estimated from tree height and diameter at breast height, and converted to carbon. Carbon stock was highly variable between categories, scoring from 10.44 Mg ha−1 up to 107.59 Mg ha−1 (average of 41.27 ± 23 Mg ha−1). Contrary to our expectations, interior plots did not have higher carbon stock, basal area or tree stem density than edges, but only taller trees. We found no significant effects of edge age or additive edge effects on carbon stocks. These results suggest that edge effects in the Atlantic rainforest may differ from those observed in more recently fragmented tropical forests, such as the Amazonian forest. We hypothesize that in heavily human-modified landscapes, more extensive edge effects combined with other human disturbances on tree mortality and carbon stock may contribute to overall high levels of degradation, reducing differences between edge and interior habitats. Existing models based on Amazonian forest data may underestimate the true impacts of fragmentation on carbon storage in landscapes with an old history of human disturbance.

Naturally fragmented landscapes provide suitable scenarios through which to investigate patch and landscape effects on biodiversity patterns in areas that are isolated from the disturbances usually associated with human-made fragments. We aimed to investigate the patch and landscape effects on the diversity of forest-dependent and matrix-tolerant dung beetles in a naturally fragmented landscape. We also assessed the influence that seasonal and vegetation variations had on these dung beetles. We sampled dung beetles during two summers and two winters in 14 forest islands of various sizes and shapes within a natural mountainous forest archipelago in southeast Brazil. We measured the patch and landscape variables based on high-resolution multispectral images of circular sectors with radii of 100, 250, and 500 m. We used generalized linear mixed models to relate dung beetle metrics to patch and landscape attributes. The interaction between canopy cover and season influenced both species' richness and abundance of the dung beetle metacommunity. The forest-dependent species' richness increased with greater canopy cover, regardless of the season. Patch attributes (e.g., size, canopy cover, distance to the closest patch, and distance to continuous forest) and landscape attributes (e.g., percentage of forest in the landscape, total edge, number of patches, distance to the nearest neighbor, and shape complexity) had small general effects on dung beetle species as a whole and on matrix-tolerant species in particular. However, these values strongly influenced forest-dependent species' richness, abundance, and temporal beta diversity. The matrix-tolerant species, therefore, mask the effects of patch and landscape effects on forest-dependent species within the mountainous forest archipelago. In other words, the changes in these patch and landscape attributes influenced forest-dependent and matrix-tolerant species differently. Therefore, the evaluation of entire metacommunities may not be helpful when evaluating species-specific responses in mixed landscapes—a fact that impairs the conservation of forest-dependent species.

Tree populations in regions undergoing restoration are generally made up of few individuals, isolated from neighboring populations, and are found within a matrix of inhospitable human-modified landscapes. Resulting negative genetic consequences such as inbreeding depression and genetic drift require mitigation strategies to maintain sufficient genetic diversity in restoration areas. Such strategies often involve seed sampling from many source trees with different provenances. However, the efficacy of these approaches has not been validated. We present an individual-based spatial simulation model to evaluate the effects of: 1) differing levels of initial genetic diversity; and 2) different area sizes on short (tens of years) and mid-term (hundreds of years) restored population viability. We demonstrate this approach and the use of our model with case study of Centrolobium tomentosum, a tropical tree species widely used in restoration projects in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil. Our model and analysis framework can be applied in studies of tree species with different characteristics, from tropical and temperate forests, to assess population persistence in restoration sites as a function of genetic diversity and population size. This knowledge can support planning of both restoration projects and management actions, increasing the probability of restoration success while also reducing associated costs.

Recent assessments have identified significant shortfalls in the current Natura 2000 network approach for identifying protected areas throughout the European Union. A more systematic conservation network planning approach that adopts strategic development options and considers the occurrences of species and habitats within the distribution ranges of species across larger areas is needed in order to support decision making processes on the potential expansion, establishment and/or maintenance of conservation areas. Using high-nature-value forest habitats across a large test region, i.e. the state of Lower Saxony in Germany, we developed a method aimed at systematically locating and appraising temperate forest habitats using indicator species distribution maps. Forest community indicator species were determined using forest habitat affinity criteria (derived from an existing database) and community fidelity (based on a review of 5338 vegetation relevés). Known habitat occurrences were derived from habitat surveys and relevant literature and were related to model data on indicator species distribution on a grid of 1739 raster cells (each 30 km2) using logistic regression. The predictive power of the distribution models increased with the number of indicator species. However, tight correlations between indicator species distribution and habitat occurrence were only found when indicator species with a high affinity to forests were used exclusively. Field inspection of grid cells with outlying occurrences of five upland forest communities revealed several new forest habitat locations and led to greatly improved distribution models. We conclude that the distribution of high-nature-value forest habitats can be predicted from large-scale raster data on plant species distributions when only indicator species with close association to forest habitats and a high fidelity to a single community are selected. Our approach may therefore facilitate a review of the existing Natura 2000 forest conservation network, be used to identify additional conservation areas or to monitor the success of forest conservation management measures.

A survey of medicinal plants used by rural and urban inhabitants of the three cities of the Tropical Atlantic Forest, Region of Vale do Ribeira, State of São Paulo, Brazil was performed by means of 200 interviews with medicinal plant users and extractors and, traditional healers. One hundred fourteen herbal remedies were recorded and the following information reported: Latin, vernacular and English names, plant part used, forms of preparation and application of the herbal remedies, medicinal or food uses, areas of plant collection, economic importance (when available) and other data.

Since 2003 the MCPFE-Forest Europe process has adopted a set of Pan-European Indicators that has become a policy instrument to monitor, evaluate and report progress towards sustainable forest management (SFM). Two new experimental tools have been introduced in the framework of the «State of Forests and Sustainable Forest Management in Europe 2011»: (i) pilot reporting by 14 classes of European Forest Types (EFTs) for a selection of quantitative SFM indicators; (ii) key parameters for monitoring progress for all quantitative indicators.The main aim of this paper is to discuss whether reporting by EFTs of key forest biodiversity-related parameters can improve the way forest biodiversity conservation policy targets are addressed and evaluated in Europe. Accordingly, data on SFM indicators for a sample of European countries (ranging from 6 to 28, depending on indicators) have been processed and analyzed in a pilot study using a question-driven approach, so that information from monitoring could direct policy action.The main findings show that:–forest area has been significantly increasing (>0.2% per year) in the period 2000–2010; however, annual changes in forest cover by EFTs reveal a polyedric picture at country level, in terms of gain and loss of forest habitat dominated by native and introduced tree species;–old even aged forests (>140 yrs) are fairly consistent (>5%) only in a few countries and limited to specific EFTs;–in naturally species-poor EFTs (e.g. Boreal forest, Alpine coniferous forest, Broadleaved evergreen forest) single species stands cover from 15–100% of the total area, while in species rich EFTs (e.g. Mesophytic deciduous forest, Thermophilous deciduous forest) the maximum share of single species is in the order of 30%;–deadwood amount ranges from 9 to 26 m3 ha−1, a value which is however far below natural reference values found in European old growth forests (160 m3 ha−1).Findings from this test demonstrate that reporting of key forest biodiversity-related parameters by EFTs enables question-driven monitoring in many ways: (i) reporting by EFTs helps to interpret the variability in the values taken by the indicators explicitly considering ecological differences between EFTs; (ii) temporal trends in forest area can be interpreted in terms of expansion or loss of forest habitats dominated by native and introduced tree species; (iii) progress in implementing biodiversity friendly strategies (e.g. increasing share of old even aged forests, promotion of multispecies stands and accumulation of deadwood) can be quantitatively evaluated against baselines.

The remaining Atlantic Forest fragments are structurally isolated by a matrix of pastures, plantations, or urban areas, and most remnants are small (<100 ha). Island biogeography theory has been used to predict the effects of such fragmentation in the remaining fragments, but human activities and land use around fragments may be equally important. A related question is which aspects of land use have a strong effect on biodiversity. We compare the relative importance of fragment size and isolation vs. land use around fragments as determinants of composition and richness of small mammals in Atlantic Forest fragments. We also compare two aspects of land use around fragments, economic activity (peri-urban, agriculture, cattle), and property ownership (peri-urban, low income rural producers, affluent rural producers). Small mammals were surveyed in 21 fragments varying from 12 to 250 ha, and in two sites of continuous forest in the Macacu River watershed, State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 1999 to 2007. The effects of land use, fragment size and isolation were formulated as eleven candidate models, compared by Akaike Information Criteria. In the models selected, species composition was associated more strongly with fragment size, followed by isolation, with a smaller effect of property ownership. Species richness was determined mostly by fragment isolation, but also by a negative effect of agriculture when it was the dominant economic activity. Regardless of the critics to island biogeography theory, fragment isolation and size were by far the most important determinants of species composition. Economic activity and property ownership allowed the detection of subtle but important effects of land use on species composition and richness.

The ideas that larger fragments have greater species richness and abundance, when compared to smaller fragments and altered environments, and that assemblage composition is different, was tested in an agricultural mosaic using data on small mammals. To achieve this, we sampled ten forest fragments of different sizes, small and large, as well as five areas in a sugarcane matrix, through the capture-mark-recapture method. The study was conducted in a sugarcane plantation (Usina São José, Igarassu, Pernambuco, Brazil) from January to October 2016. There was a significant difference when comparing richness between small fragments (eight species) and the sugarcane matrix (four species). Abundance differed significantly between all areas, being influenced by fragment size and habitat type. We found that abundance was positively influenced by forested environments and, among them, larger fragments. The composition of assemblages in the forest fragments and the sugarcane matrix differed clearly for NMDS, MANOVA and SIMPER analyses. Between the habitats, assemblage parameters were also distinct. Lower abundance and richness were found in the sugarcane matrix, where the presence of rodents was associated with food availability and less competition; and higher abundance and richness was measured in forest fragments, where there was a strong association between marsupials and forest strata. The landscape configuration in an agricultural mosaic can compromise the level of interspecific interactions of small mammals, which negatively impacts the ecological processes of forested areas. In this case, the conservation of a matrix permeable to most species and the preservation of all fragments are necessary, since small and large fragments have different functions in the maintenance of species.

Seed dispersal ecology of Bactris acanthocarpa Mart. (Arecaceae), an Atlantic forest understory palm, was investigated during two years as an attempt to test the following predictions: (i) seeds of Bactris are dispersed by mammals and large-gaped birds; (ii) Bactris benefits from seed dispersal in terms of seed predation avoidance, improvement of seed germination and seedling survival; and (iii) spatial distribution of adults is related to patterns of seed dispersal. The study was conducted at Dois Irmãos Reserve, a 387.4-ha reserve of Atlantic forest in northeastern Brazil (8º S–35º W). Black–rumped agoutis (Dasyprocta prymnolopha) and Guianan squirrels (Sciurus aestuans) were identified as the seed dispersers/predators, moving seeds short distances (< 4 m from parents) and at low rates (0.04-0.05 diaspore/palm/day). Pyrene burial prevented seed predation by vertebrates and reduced by half seed infestation by Scolytidae beetles. Only buried pyrenes germinated. Pyrene predation was not correlated with distance from conspecific adults. In contrast, early seedling mortality was higher near conspecific adults. Most adults (64%) had their nearest conspecific adult neighbour > 4 m away in contrast to 96% of seedlings that occurred concentrated within 4 m from adults (77% under the palm crowns). Here, we present evidence that spatial distribution of B. acanthocarpa is partly due to low rates of seed removal, short-distance seed dispersal by agoutis and squirrels, and early seedling mortality associated with presence of seedlings under palm crowns.

In this paper, we test the hypothesis that seed rain in forest edges differs from that in forest interior in terms of seed abundance, species richness, seed size, dispersal mode, and manipulation by vertebrates. The study was carried out in the Coimbra forest (3500 ha), the largest fragment currently found in the Atlantic forest of northeast Brazil. We assessed seed rain during a 1-year period by using a 1500-m long transect (with 100 sampling units) for each habitat. Seeds were categorized according to size, dispersal mode, and vertebrate manipulation. A total of 76,207 seeds belonging to 146 species were collected during the whole study and in average edge received more seeds and species per unit of area during particular periods of time. However, the analysis of all seeds and species recorded in both habitats during the 1-year period revealed that forest interior received a significant higher percentage of medium, large and very large seeds (21.8%) and species (82.6%) in comparison to edge (13.5% of seeds and 57.5% of species). The contribution of large and very large seed species dispersed by vertebrates was also lower in the edge forest as it represented 13.04% of all vertebrate-dispersed species recorded in this habitat vs. 31.5 % in the forest interior. Finally, seeds handled by vertebrates accounted for 5.9% of all seeds in forest edge, and reached 11% in the forest interior. The biased seed rain documented in the Coimbra forest raises the possibility that the creation of forest edges may alter some attributes of seed rain, particularly its content of large-seeded plants and of those dispersed by vertebrates.

Tropical agricultural systems characterized by swidden-fallow practices have been studied in many tropical areas of the world. One feature of these systems is the high diversity of cultivated species and varieties. The objective of this paper was to analyze the inter and intraspecific diversity of cultivated crops under swidden cultivation systems adopted by caiçaras in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, and the genetic erosion of this diversity in the last decades. To analyze the inter and intraspecific diversity of cultivated crops under swidden cultivation systems in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, interviews were performed in 33 swidden agriculturists’ households concerning the species and varieties under cultivation and others that have been lost. The plots were visited to check the crops cited in the interviews. The agriculturists cited 261 varieties from 53 crop species, with 30.6% of lost varieties. Each agriculturist cited an average of 25 varieties. The main crop was cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz), followed by yams (Dioscorea spp.), sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas Poir.), squash (Cucurbita pepo L.), sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum L.), and beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.). Among the interviewed agriculturists, 87% of them have sons and/or daughters not involved in agricultural activity, reflecting a trend toward the loss of the local agricultural skills. A model was proposed to explain the dynamics of the system focusing on the crop diversity and considering the resource resilience. The exchange of crop varieties among agriculturists builds a network which buffers against the loss of the managed diversity in the regional scale. Features such as the itinerancy cycles of fallow/swidden, and the traditional ecological knowledge contribute to the increasing of the managed diversity. However, the agriculturists also pointed out several factors contributing to the depletion of the managed diversity, related to restrictive environmental laws, rural exodus, increasing tourism, and changing of livelihood activities. The loss of crop diversity indicates the urgency for strategies towards the maintenance of the diversity and knowledge tied to the agricultural systems of caiçara communities, calling for specific strategies and policies to avoid the loss of their agricultural legacy.

Comprehensive assessments of Paraguay's forest cover (FC) change from the 1970s to the 2000s using Landsat observations were conducted, including a wall-to-wall mapping of changes across the whole country between the 1990s and 2000s, and an assessment of forest area in the Atlantic Forest ecoregion in the 1970s using a systematic sampling approach. The derived wall-to-wall FC change map was evaluated using available high resolution satellite images and aerial photos. The overall accuracy values were 92% or higher in the areas covered by those high resolution data sets. The results revealed that the Atlantic Forest ecoregion experienced the most forest loss, with the 73.4% forest cover in the 1970s decreasing precipitously down to 40.7% by the 1990s and further down to 24.9% by the 2000s. The rapid loss of Atlantic forests was driven by complex social economic forces, including widespread land disputes arising from long time inequalities and profits from exporting agricultural products. Forest changes in the Humid Chaco and the Chaco ecoregions were relatively moderate. However, extensive forests were converted to non-forest land use near a major population center. The results also revealed that so far the established protected areas were effective in protecting forest within their border. However, most of the forests surrounding the protected areas were lost by the 2000s. Loss of Atlantic forest is a major threat to the rich biodiversity found in this region. The alarming deforestation rates over the last three decades and the low percentage of Atlantic forest left by the 2000s call for immediate actions to halt the trends of forest loss.

Among the factors that affect the conservation efficiency of protected areas, lack of connectivity is considered as one of the main problems. In this study, we assessed the influence of connectivity of European beech forest reserves on wood-inhabiting fungal communities, compared to the influence of local factors. To address this topic, we used a data matrix consisting of 344 fungal species on 1571 resource units (i.e. fallen beech logs, including their standing snags) sampled in 42 European beech forest reserves. Our results show that connectivity has significant effects on wood-inhabiting fungal communities in European beech forest reserves, and that the effectiveness of reserves for maintaining the wood-inhabiting fungal diversity is compromised by habitat fragmentation. Connectivity at small scales (measured as the area of the reserve) had a strong influence on the occurrence of indicator species and was also critical for the number of species at a resource. Connectivity at larger scales (connectivity to surrounding beech forests) seemed to be particularly critical for the community composition both at resource and reserve levels. In line with previous research, we found other covariates such as size of the resource units and annual temperature range to positively influence wood-inhabiting fungal species richness. The effects of habitat fragmentation were especially strong in western and northern European regions where the smallest and more isolated reserves were located. We propose that an effective conservation strategy for wood-inhabiting fungi should focus on increasing the areas of the present reserves as well as conserving new reserves in the proximity of the existing ones.

Urban decision-makers typically cannot utilize empirical bird studies to create bird-friendly landscape designs because academic results are often in a format that is not easily transferable to planning. We report on the results of three systematic reviews of peer reviewed literature regarding bird occurrence in forests, forest fragments, and tree canopy in and around North American cities. Note that our reviews focused on occurrence and did not evaluate species fitness or abundance. We synthesized findings from 48 studies to create a list of 219 forest dwelling species; and for each species, we identified whether the species utilized or did not utilize forest fragments during the breeding season; whether migrant species utilized forest fragments as stopover sites during the migration season; and whether the species utilized residential areas with trees during the breeding and migration seasons. We found that some interior-forest specialists, which generally require large tracts of forest to breed successfully, use small urban and rural forest fragments as well as tree canopy within suburban residential areas as stopover sites during migration seasons. This supports previous literature findings that habitat requirements for migrants, including interior-forest specialists, may differ between breeding and migration seasons. The synthesized bird list will allow built environment professionals to identify bird species that can and cannot use treed habitat in fragmented rural and urban landscapes, and we have created a planning tool for conserving avian habitat.

Chaetomys subspinosus is the sole species within the Chaetomyinae subfamily of Caviomorph rodents. This poorly studied porcupine is restricted to the Atlantic Forest in eastern Brazil, where deforestation and habitat fragmentation threaten its survival. Data on the ranging and roosting behavior of C. subspinosus is fairly scarce as it is difficult to observe these behaviors in nature and, consequently, it is very rarely detected during field surveys. We monitored the home ranges of three radio-tagged females over the course of 1 year (2005–2006) and collected data on several aspects of their natural history including movement patterns and the use of diurnal roosts and latrines. The animals were monitored at Parque Estadual Paulo Cesar Vinha, a nature reserve dominated by restinga forests, a subtype of Atlantic Forest occurring on sandy soil. The estimated home range varied little between individuals and was relatively small (mean = 2.14 ha/individual and 1.09 ha/individual using minimum convex polygon and kernel methods, respectively). The animals travelled an average of 147 m/night (range: 21–324 m/night) between two consecutive day roosts. The day roosts were mostly located on vine and liana tangles in the canopy which also aid in connecting the canopy to adjacent trees or the forest floor. Latrines were mostly located near the ground in places heavily protected by spiny bromeliads or by other tangled vegetation. Our data suggests that C. subspinosus has the smallest range among all Neotropical Erethizontids which is likely due to its small size and strictly folivorous diet. Our data also helps explain why C. subspinosus is so difficult to observe in nature: researchers should focus on arboreal masses of tangled vegetation where individuals will normally rest during the day.

Increased awareness of the negative impacts of invasive non-native species has led to a rapid increase in clearance programs around the world. One of the main goals of clearance is the restoration of native communities that were present pre-invasion. Little monitoring is typically carried out, however, to verify that native communities return without further management intervention in the years following invasive species removal. We investigated whether the epiphytic plant community of Atlantic oak woodlands, which principally consists of bryophyte species, returned after up to thirty years of recovery following the removal of the invasive non-native shrub Rhododendron ponticum. This community is of international conservation value and is particularly threatened by invasive Rhododendron. We revealed that the epiphytic plant community was able to recover effectively in sites that had been clear from Rhododendron for over fifteen years. This recovery included several species of particular conservation interest with highly restricted European distributions (i.e. ‘Atlantic species’ such as Plagiochila heterophylla). Total cover and species richness both returned to similar or even higher levels to those found in uninvaded control plots by fifteen or more years following clearance, despite being highly reduced within dense Rhododendron thickets. Overall community composition also recovered to resemble uninvaded control plots in the years following Rhododendron removal. These findings present an encouraging message that at least some native communities can return naturally in the years following invasive species removal and may not require further management interventions to speed their return.

Campos de altitude and Araucaria forest are unique and highly diverse ecosystems and focus areas for conservation and restoration in southeastern Brazil. This paper reports a high-resolution paleoecological study of an approximately 700-year Late Holocene core, a period that includes the influence of two highly distinct civilizations and the transition between them: Amerindian/pre-Columbian and European/post-Columbian. Results highlight the interworkings of regional climate change and local human agency in “designing” the Late Holocene forest-grassland mosaic in the Serra da Bocaina. Amerindians maintained more open highland habitats probably through slash and burn agriculture. The depopulation of the study region after European arrival in the 1500s plus increasing precipitation led to a marked and rapid rebound in forest cover. After 1720 CE, establishment of permanent European communities and farming in the study area led to forest loss and a renewed expansion of grassland. Based on current knowledge about forest-grassland relationships, and in light of projections for warmer and wetter conditions in southeast Brazil, we provide suggestions for management strategies that might better maintain the mosaic of Araucaria forest and campos de altitude in the southeastern Brazilian highlands.

Because forest tree species face serious threats including insect and disease epidemics, climate change, and forest fragmentation and conversion, prioritizing species and forests for conservation is an essential management goal. This paper describes a species prioritization approach that incorporates both the rarity of species, because of the increased vulnerability associated with rare species, and their evolutionary distinctiveness (ED), a measure of evolutionary originality. Rarity and ED scores, and scores for the two combined, were calculated for 352 North American forest tree species. A weak but significant phylogenetic signal was associated with species rarity. The scores were used to weight species importance values on approximately 130,000 forest inventory plots across the conterminous United States. The resulting plot-level estimates of conservation value were employed to identify geographic hotspots of forests with high conservation value, and to assess whether forests with protected status effectively conserve rarity and ED. Rarity hotspots were detected in California, the Southwest, central Texas, and Florida. Hotspots of ED included locations along the Pacific Coast, in the Northern Rockies, and in scattered eastern locations. Protected forest areas across the United States effectively conserve ED, but not rarity. In fact, rarity was lowest in areas with the highest protection, and highest in areas with no or unknown protected status. Multiple-use protected areas had higher ED, but not rarity, than restricted-use protected areas. Protected area effectiveness varied across the country. Such spatially explicit assessment approaches can help determine which forests to target for monitoring efforts and pro-active management activities.

The objectives of this study were to characterize the distribution of seeds in remnant fragments of the Atlantic Coastal Forest and to determine whether the species diversity, seed weight, and species composition of plant communities are altered by forest fragmentation. A transect of 100 m was established in the core of each of nine fragments of Atlantic Coastal Forest in a private sugarcane plantation in the state of Alagoas, NE Brazil, and ten seed-traps were distributed at intervals of 10 m each along the transects. For 12 consecutive months seeds were collected, dried, counted, weighed, and identified to species. Seeds were assigned to categories according to their size, dispersal mode, and shade tolerance. Multiple regression models and Mantel correlation tests were used to detect the effects of fragment size, percent forest cover nearby, distance from the source area, and distance from the nearest fragment on species diversity, mean seed weight, and species similarity. Analyses were carried out for all species and for subsets corresponding to each seed category. A total of 21,985 diaspores of 190 species were collected. Most seeds were small, shade-intolerant, and zoochoric, which corroborates other studies of fragmented forest landscapes and reflects the high disturbance levels in isolated forest remnants. Our data indicate that fragmentation processes such as habitat loss can alter species diversity and species composition by reducing habitat availability and increasing fragment isolation. We also found that large-seeded species are more affected by fragment isolation, possibly because their seed dispersers rarely cross non-forested areas between fragments, while zoochoric species are more strongly affected by fragment size and apparently more strongly associated with local edaphic conditions than with distance from seed sources.

Measures of forest fragmentation, and how fragmentation is changing through time, offer required information for understanding the status and dynamics of forest ecosystems, habitat conditions, and ecosystem functions. In this research, we investigate the multi-temporal characterization of forest fragmentation across the forested ecosystems of Canada (>650 million ha) and characterize the past three decades of forest fragmentation, providing useful context against which future analyses can be compared. Using 33 years of annual land cover maps produced from classified Landsat image best-available pixel composites (1984–2016), we describe and quantify the different forest patterns and dynamics that emerged in areas that were not disturbed in the analysis period, as well as following stand-replacing (i.e., wildfire, harvest) and non-stand-replacing (e.g., insects, water stress) disturbances. Baseline levels of fragmentation for each ecozone were determined by analyzing unchanged areas. Fragmentation dynamics by dominant forest disturbance showed that harvest activities generally lead to an increase in fragmentation related to the amount of forest cover (composition), while wildfires result in increasing fragmentation as a function of the spatial arrangement of the forest. The results presented herein also allow for characterization of the recovery of vegetation spatial patterns following various disturbance types, with areas dominated by fire presenting slower spatial recovery rates compared to harvest. By the end of the analysis period following disturbance events, forest fragmentation metrics in harvest-dominated landscapes were comparable to the pre-harvesting baseline, reaching 96% of mean pre-disturbance levels for mean forest patch size, and 83% for number of forest patches. In contrast, fire-dominated landscapes resulted in more event related fragmentation, with reduced forest cover (mean Thiel Sen slope = −0.13% year−1), mean forest patch size (−0.22 ha year−1), an increase in forest patches (0.11 year−1), and forest–non-forest join counts (0.83 year−1). By the end of the analysis period following disturbance events, mean forest patch size reached 52% of mean pre-disturbance levels and 68% the number of forest patches. Overall, non-stand replacing changes had no impact on the behaviour of the forest fragmentation metrics. The open access to Landsat's image archive combined with the analysis methods presented herein enable the systematic quantification and characterization of Canada-wide trends in forest fragmentation trends and post-disturbance spatial patterns over three decades. The results reported herein provide detailed information on the temporal evolution of spatial forest patterns, and illustrate that given an adequate time period, spatial patterns in areas where land use has not changed, recover to resemble pre-disturbance conditions.

Grassland to cropland conversion has been a major land cover change in wetlands during recent decades. Many conservation strategies have therefore focused on the protection or restoration of grasslands considered the remnant fragments of nature in wetlands before agricultural development. Through the example of the largest French Atlantic wetland (the Marais Poitevin) and using high-resolution historical records documenting landscape changes since the beginning of the 18th century, we propose the first long-term analysis of a wetland conversion at a large spatial scale. We demonstrate that, although the last land cover changes corresponded to significant grassland to cropland conversions, the mid-20th century was characterized by an exceptional grassland cover (90% of the area). We also show that current surface areas covered by grasslands are similar to those of the 18th and 19th centuries, and that grassland to cropland conversion followed a massive decline in the most natural habitats of the wetland such as marshes, salt-marshes and other marine habitats. From a long-term perspective, grassland to cropland conversion is rather a recent change and grasslands can be viewed as the result of agricultural development in this wetland rather than pristine habitats. In contrast, marshes, salt-marshes and other marine habitats can be considered the remnant fragments of nature of conservation interest, although they are neglected in current conservation plans. We discuss the problem of the time-span and the reference state to be considered when analyzing land cover changes and assessing wetland conservation issues at large spatial scales.

National Red Lists are widely used prioritizing tools for nature conservation. However, status and trends of species vary with scale, and accounting for a larger spatial scale may provide complementary perspectives for nature conservation. We investigate effects of up-scaling and influence of wider-scale distribution patterns for composition of Red Lists.We collated nationally red-listed forest species in Norway, Sweden and Finland, and extracted “Candidates for a Fennoscandian Red List” (CFRL), defined as species red-listed where they appear in the region. For each country, we compared composition of organism groups and forest type associations of species that were national CFRL to the nationally red-listed species not CFRL. European distribution patterns were compared to investigate how broader-scale distribution is reflected in national Red Lists.Among the 4830 nationally red-listed forest species in Fennoscandia, 58% were CFRL. The fraction of species in the different forest type and species groups differed significantly between the two spatial scales for several groups, although the overall differences in composition were relatively small. Red-listed species had more confined distribution patterns, suggesting that many nationally red-listed species owe their status to being at the edge of their distribution range.An up-scaling had a large effect on which species designated to a Red List, but a relatively small impact on which organism groups or forest types that contained most red-listed species. A regional perspective generated by compilation of national Red Lists can give valuable complementary information on the status of species and effects of scale.

The Natura 2000 (N2000) network represents one of the most important actions for biodiversity conservation in Europe; its main aim is to assure the favourable conservation status of Europe's natural habitats and wild species. Monitoring of N2000 sites is required under the Habitats Directive, and Member States are required to report monitoring results to the European Commission. However, there is a widespread lack of understanding about precisely what should be monitored and which methods should be used. This research aimed to identify potential indicators and evaluate their suitability for evaluating the conservation status of forested habitats in N2000 sites. In addition, the cost-effectiveness of monitoring methods was assessed. Three monitoring methods were assessed in two N2000 sites, the Foresta del Cansiglio (IT) and the New Forest (UK): (i) sample plots, (ii) a point-transect method and (iii) a visual assessment method. Indicators were selected on the basis of a literature review, and related to forest structure and composition, dead wood volume, tree regeneration and ground flora composition. Results suggested that mean values of indicators did not differ between the plot and the point-transect-based methods (P > 0.05; paired t-test and Wilcoxon signed rank test). However, the survey method employed influenced the extent of variation within the indicators (as indicated by Z scores), a measure of their sensitivity. Correlations between indicators differed between the two sites. Of the three methods considered, the point-transect method was the most efficient in terms of set-up and total time required, but required the longest time per indicator and surveyed the smallest area (P < 0.001, Kruskal–Wallis test). The visual assessment method assessed the largest forest area; however, total scores of the reference values obtained from the plot-based and point-transect methods were poorly correlated with those obtained from this subjective approach. The contrasting results obtained between different methods and between different sites suggest that a general approach to monitoring N2000 sites may be difficult to develop; rather, a framework that can be adapted to the specific needs and characteristics of individual sites may be required.

Drainage is a globally common disturbance in forested peatlands that impacts peat soils, forest communities, and associated ecosystem functions, calling for informed hydrologic restoration strategies. The Great Dismal Swamp (GDS), located in Virginia and North Carolina, U.S.A., has been altered since colonial times, particularly by extensive ditch networks installed to lower water levels and facilitate timber harvests. Consequently, peat decomposition rates have accelerated, and red maple has become the dominant tree species, reducing the historical mosaic of bald cypress, Atlantic white-cedar, and pocosin stands. Recent repair and installation of water control structures aim to control drainage and, in doing so, enhance forest community composition and preserve peat depths. To help inform these actions, we established five transects of 15 plots each (75 plots total) along a hydrologic gradient where we measured continuous water levels and ecosystem attributes, including peat depths, microtopography, and forest composition and structure. We found significant differences among transects, with wetter sites having thicker peat, lower red maple importance, greater tree density, and higher overall stand richness. Plot-level analyses comported with these trends, clearly grouping plots by transects (via nonmetric multidimensional scaling) and resulting in significant correlations between specific hydrologic metrics and ecosystem attributes. Our findings highlight hydrologic controls on soil carbon storage, forest structure, and maple dominance, with implications for large-scale hydrologic restoration at GDS and in other degraded forested peatlands more broadly.

The definition of conservation strategies and ecological assessment schemes requires understanding ecosystem patterns over multiple spatial scales. This study aimed to determine if macro-scale structural and functional (processes) patterns associated with stream ecosystems differed among three neotropical biomes (Cerrado, Amazon, Atlantic Forest). We compared the aquatic communities (benthic invertebrates and hyphomycetes) and processes (decomposition rates, primary production and biofilms growth and aquatic hyphomycetes reproduction rates-sporulation) of Cerrado stream sites (neotropical savannah) against those of stream sites in the connecting biomes of the Atlantic Forest and Amazon (rainforests). We expected that, contrary to the biome dependency hypothesis the community structure and processes rates of streams at the biome-scale would not differ significantly, because those ecosystems are strongly influenced by their dense riparian forests, which have a transitional character among the three biomes. Fifty-three stream sites were selected covering a wide range of geographic locations (Table 1), from near the Equator (2° S) in the Amazon, to intermediate latitudes in the Cerrado (12-19° S), and latitudes closer to the tropic of Capricorn in the Atlantic Forest (19º-25° S). We found that: 1) at the abiotic level, the aquatic ecosystems of the three biomes differed, which was mostly explained by large-scale factors such as temperature, precipitation and altitude; 2) functional and structural variables did not behave similarly among biomes: decomposition and sporulation rates showed larger differences among biomes than invertebrate and aquatic hyphomycete assemblages structure; 3) invertebrate assemblages structure differed between the rainforests and Cerrado but not between rainforests (Amazon and Atlantic Forest) whereas aquatic hyphomycetes were similar among all biomes; 4) biofilm growth and algae concentration in biofilms of artificial substrates were highly variable within biomes and not significantly different between biomes. Overall, aquatic ecosystem processes and community structure differed across biomes, being influenced by climatic variables, but the variation is not as pronounced as that described for terrestrial systems.Considering the potential use of these functional and structural indicators in national-wide ecological assessments, our results indicate the need to define different reference values for different biomes, depending on the variable used. The approach followed in this study allowed an integrative analysis and comparison of the stream ecosystems across three tropical biomes, being the first study of this kind. Future studies should try to confirm the patterns evidenced here with more sites from other areas of the three biomes, and especially from the Amazon, which was the least represented biome in our investigation.

Small mammal diversity was examined in relation to distance from the forest/farmland edge in two fragments of Brazilian Atlantic forest in Sergipe, Brazil. Tolerance to and use of the edge and surrounding matrix of agricultural land by nine species of small mammals, as well as microclimatic conditions and vegetation structure were measured along 12 transects placed both inside the forest and in the surrounding matrix. As distance from edge increased into the forest, both the number of species and species diversity significantly increased, air temperature significantly decreased and relative humidity significantly increased. During the study, no small mammals were captured outside of the forest in the surrounding farmland. Of the 671 total captures, only 43 occurred along the edge, and 39 of the 43 were captures of only two species. This influence that edge may have on some small mammals may be a key to discerning a species' probability of survival in small fragments with hard edges.

A tree-ring width chronology was developed from samples of thirteen Poincianella pyramidalis trees from the Caatinga semiarid region of northeastern Brazil, where the climate is characterized by marked seasonality in precipitation levels. Although a thin continuous marginal parenchyma band represents the limit of seasonal xylem production, and in spite of the presence of false rings, cross-dating is possible. In this sense, an interseries correlation of 0.572 was found indicating a considerable degree of consistency in the variability found among trees. Precipitation between January and July has a direct influence on growth, while a five month dry season interrupts the active division of cambial cells. A significant positive correlation was also found between sea surface temperatures (SSTs) in the tropical Atlantic and tree growth, but with a lag of six months. As the rainfall regime of northeastern Brazil presents a great deal of inter-annual variability due to fluctuations in global factors such as the SSTs of the tropical Atlantic and the intertropical convergence zone, the close relationship observed between P. pyramidalis tree growth and regional climate fluctuations appears as a logical plant-environment interaction that can be used as a reliable parameter for dendroecological inferences on tree growth dynamics and the reconstructions of past droughts in the Caatinga region.

Family forest landowners in the United States have diverse ownership and management objectives. Assessing and monitoring regional patterns and trends in landowner motivations and management behavior may aid in understanding the conservation and economic implications of social change. This paper presents a regional analysis of family forest landowners in the southern United States by combining a GIS-based exploratory data analysis with spatially explicit information on landowner motivations and management behavior data obtained from the U.S. Forest Service National Woodland Owners Survey (NWOS). Results reveal that spatial autocorrelation was present in motivations reflecting tangible and pecuniary benefits (e.g. timber, investment, hunting), but not in motivations reflecting intangible and non-pecuniary benefits (e.g. privacy, beauty). Statistically significant clusters of landowners with similar motivations and management behaviors (i.e., hotspots/coldspots) were identified using local indicators of spatial association and visualized in a series of maps to discuss their policy and management implications. The findings are useful in understanding regional variations as well as concentrations in landownership motivation, management activities, and will guide stakeholders in locating areas of interest for conservation planning, strategic marketing, and education and outreach.

Facilitation is an important ecological mechanism with potential applications to forest restoration. We hypothesized that different facilitation treatments, distance from the forest edge and time since initiation of the experiment would affect forest restoration on abandoned pastures. Seed and seedling abundance, species richness and composition were recorded monthly during two years under isolated trees, bird perches and in open pasture. Seed arrival and seedling establishment were measured at 10 m and 300 m from the forest edge. We sampled a total of 131,826 seeds from 115 species and 487 seedlings from 46 species. Isolated trees and bird perches increased re-establishment of forest species; however, species richness was higher under isolated trees. Overall, abundance and richness of seeds and seedlings differed between sampling years, but was unaffected by distance from the forest edge. On the other hand, species composition of seeds and seedlings differed among facilitation treatments, distance from the forest edge and between years. Seedling establishment success rate was larger in large-seeded species than medium- and small-seeded species. Our results suggest that isolated trees enhance forest re-establishment, while bird perches provide a complementary effort to restore tree abundance in abandoned pastures. However, the importance of seed arrival facilitation shifts toward establishment facilitation over time. Arriving species may vary depending on the distance from the forest edge and disperser attractors. Efforts to restore tropical forests on abandoned pastures should take into account a combination of both restoration strategies, effects of time and proximity to forest edge to maximize regeneration.

Conservation contracting has attained growing interest worldwide as a tool for protecting biodiversity in privately owned lands. In this policy, landowners receive payments from an environmental agency in exchange for land use practices that contribute to the supply of biodiversity. This approach may result in a conservation network which does not cover all focal ecological characteristics, because landowners determine the supply of potential targets. In addition, the contracts are typically allocated by using a scoring method that is not giving information on the representativeness of the species composition of the sites. In this study, we investigated what is the performance of a voluntary conservation program in selecting sites that would maximize the number of specific target species in the selected conservation network subject to a given budget constraint. We focused on the Finnish pilot program named Trading in Natural Values (TNV). Our data consisted of 56 mature stands covering both stands that were offered to the TNV program and stands that were not offered. All the stands were surveyed for specific groups of wood-inhabiting fungi and epiphytic lichens that can be considered as good surrogates for forest species diversity.Our results showed that the participation in the TNV program was large enough to meet the ecological goals, because the offered targets uncovered only two of the 73 surveyed species, and the cost-effective conservation network included only a few targets that were not offered in the pilot program. However, the contract allocation method used in the TNV could be improved, because many ecologically valuable targets that were offered to the program were not accepted. In general, it could be justified to survey some indicator species, which would be relatively easy to identify, to maximize species coverage in contract allocation. Surveying indicator species causes some extra costs, but these are likely to be minor compared with the costs savings in opportunity costs, due to the improved targeting of protected areas.

Plant-herbivore relationships are essential for ecosystem functioning, typically forming an ecological network with a compartmentalized (i.e. modular) structure characterized by highly specialized interactions. Human disturbances can favor habitat generalist species and thus cause the collapse of this modular structure, but its effects are rarely assessed using a network-based approach. We investigate how edge proximity alters plant-insect herbivore networks by comparing forest edge and interior in a large remnant (3.500 ha) of the Brazilian Atlantic forest. Given the typical dominance of pioneer plants and generalist herbivores in edge-affected habitats, we test the hypothesis that the specialized structure of plant-herbivore networks collapse in forest edges, resulting in lower modularity and herbivore specialization. Despite no differences in the number of species and interactions, the network structure presented marked differences between forest edges and interior. Herbivore specialization, modularity and number of modules were significantly higher in forest interior than edge-affected habitats. When compared to a random null model, two (22.2%) and eight (88.8%) networks were significantly modular in forest edge and interior, respectively. The loss of specificity and modularity in plant-herbivore networks in forest edges may be related to the loss of important functions, such as density-dependent control of superior plant competitors, which is ultimately responsible for the maintenance of biodiversity and ecosystem functions. Our results support previous warnings that focusing on traditional community measures only (e.g. species diversity) may overlook important modifications in species interactions and ecosystem functioning.

The environmental benefits and costs of conservation policies often vary over space and through time. Accounting for this spatial and temporal heterogeneity has important implications for the potential cost effectiveness of different payment program designs. In this study, we examine the cost efficiency gain from spatial and temporal targeting in payment designs for forest carbon storage in the Central and Southern Appalachian Mountains in the Eastern United States. We run a forest land change model and a carbon simulation model utilizing a panel data on forest land and its competing uses, economic returns, and spatial characteristics for each 1 km2 grid cells in 1992, 2001, 2006 and 2011. A time- and space-specific carbon cost for each individual 1 km2 grid cell is calculated that captures the spatial and temporal heterogeneity in carbon cost efficiency. From there, we compare carbon cost efficiency levels of various payment designs that allow for different degrees of spatial and temporal flexibility. We find that 1) spatial targeting improves carbon cost efficiency, and this efficiency gain is larger as payments become more narrowly targeted, 2) this carbon efficiency gain is present in all market conditions, but is largest in a moderately growing market and smallest in a downturn market, 3) accounting for temporal heterogeneity results in even larger carbon efficiency gains, almost double those from spatial targeting. Just as policies that enable spatial targeting (e.g., auctions) increase cost efficiency savings, so too will policy mechanisms that emphasize budget flexibility through time. These could include utilizing loans or flexible conservation financing, or allowing movement across budgeting categories within a given time period.

This study was conducted over a two year period in the north west of Madeira Island (Macaronesian Atlantic Islands, Portugal). It investigates the relationship between fruiting patterns in the indigenous forest and the use by the Madeira laurel pigeon of forest habitats and cultivated areas. Habitat use observations were carried out using line-transects in forest sites where the availability of fruit (the most important element of the diet) was assessed. The use of agricultural fields was measured indirectly by the assessment of the damage caused to crops. The findings provided strong evidence that bird movements and shifts in abundance are related to fruit usage and availability. The use of fruits is mostly opportunistic but when many species are available, selection was observed. From an ecological perspective, our findings indirectly confirm a high concordance between pigeon diet, studied by microhistological techniques, and habitat use. The use of crops also seems to be mostly opportunistic and is governed by the birds’ movements within the adjacent forest. It is hypothesised that fruit phenology will influence the use of agricultural areas only to the extent that it governs such movements; there is no strong evidence that crops are attacked only when the availability of natural foods is low. Our results suggest that the current management strategy for the forest is adequate for the conservation of this pigeon but that the conservation value of forest edges should be redefined. It is also proposed that crop damage may be reduced by identifying the proximate factors, which lead to the use of specific fields.

Anecdotal observations suggest that some vertebrates follow plantation rows when crossing between habitat patches in fragmented landscapes, but the frequency of such behavior was never formally tested despite its potential implications for landscape management. We experimentally tested if the didelphid marsupials Didelphis aurita and Philander frenatus use plantation rows as guidelines when searching for habitat patches in a landscape of fragmented Atlantic Forest in Brazil. Thirty-seven individuals of P. frenatus and 24 of D. aurita were captured in forest fragments and released carrying spool-and-line tracking devices at four distances (30–200 m) from a forest fragment, in a matrix of manioc plantations. Animals of both species used plantation rows to orient their initial movements and used rows as guidelines along their paths for navigating in the matrix. By moving predominantly parallel to the plantation rows animals reduced the tortuosity of their paths and obtained an unobstructed view of the landscape ahead. These results demonstrate that the orientation of linear plantations can strongly influence functional connectivity between habitat fragments. Plantation rows should be oriented to maximize connection between nearby fragments, enhancing dispersal success of these species and probably many other terrestrial vertebrates in agricultural landscapes.

Mortality from road-kills may figure among the important causes of decline in amphibian populations and species extinctions worldwide. Evaluation of the magnitude, composition, and temporal and spatial distributions of amphibian road-kills is a key step for mitigation planning, especially in peri-urban reserves. Once a month for 16 months, we surveyed, on foot, a 4.4 km section of state road ERS-389 bordering the Itapeva reserve in the southern Atlantic Forest. We recorded 1433 anuran road-kills and estimated a mortality rate of 9002 road-kills/km/year. The species most often recorded were the largest ones: Leptodactylus latrans, Rhinella icterica, Leptodactylus gracilis and Hypsiboas faber; 54.5% of the carcasses could not be identified. Anuran mortality was concentrated in summer, and was associated with temperature, rainfall and photoperiod. Leptodactylus road-kills were strongly influenced by vehicle traffic, probably because of its high abundance during the entire study period. Road-kill hotspots differed for anurans as a group and for single species, and we found an association among spatial patterns of mortality and types of land cover, distance from the nearest waterbody, roadside ditches, and artificial light. Traffic should be banned temporarily during periods of high mortality, which can be forecasted based on meteorological data. A comprehensive mitigation approach should take into account hotspots of all anuran records, and also of target species for selecting locations for amphibian passages and fencing. Roadside ditches, artificial waterbodies, and conventional street lights should be reduced as much as possible, since they may represent ecological traps for anuran populations.

Mapping tropical tree species at landscape scales to provide information for ecologists and forest managers is a new challenge for the remote sensing community. For this purpose, detection and delineation of individual tree crowns (ITCs) is a prerequisite. Here, we present a new method of automatic tree crown delineation based only on very high resolution images from WorldView-2 satellite and apply it to a region of the Atlantic rain forest with highly heterogeneous tropical canopy cover – the Santa Genebra forest reserve in Brazil. The method works in successive steps that involve pre-processing, selection of forested pixels, enhancement of borders, detection of pixels in the crown borders, correction of shade in large trees and, finally, segmentation of the tree crowns. Principally, the method uses four techniques: rolling ball algorithm and mathematical morphological operations to enhance the crown borders and ease the extraction of tree crowns; bimodal distribution parameters estimations to identify the shaded pixels in the gaps, borders, and crowns; and focal statistics for the analysis of neighbouring pixels. Crown detection is validated by comparing the delineated ITCs with a sample of ITCs delineated manually by visual interpretation. In addition, to test if the spectra of individual species are conserved in the automatic delineated crowns, we compare the accuracy of species prediction with automatic and manual delineated crowns with known species. We find that our method permits detection of up to 80% of ITCs. The seven species with over 10 crowns identified in the field were mapped with reasonable accuracy (30.5–96%) given that only WorldView-2 bands and texture features were used. Similar classification accuracies were obtained using both automatic and manual delineation, thereby confirming that species’ spectral responses are preserved in the automatic method and thus permitting the recognition of species at the landscape scale. Our method might support tropical forest applications, such as mapping species and canopy characteristics at the landscape scale.

In September 2003 Hurricane Isabel swept through eastern North Carolina and Virginia, destroying most of what formerly ranked among the most extensive remaining stands of Atlantic White-cedar (Chamaecyparis thyoides L., cedar). As Atlantic White-cedar communities are dependent on irregular, large-scale disturbances, the hurricane event can be viewed as an opportunity for perpetuating cedar populations in the Great Dismal Swamp. The success of cedar regeneration in the Dismal Swamp has been influenced by the management strategies employed by Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge (active management) and by the adjacent Dismal Swamp State Park (passive management). We investigated the regeneration success of Atlantic White-cedar 5 years following Hurricane Isabel by sampling five stands at the Dismal Swamp State Park withstanding varying impact from the storm and previous windthrow events. We compared our findings to regeneration surveys completed at the adjacent Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge. Atlantic White-cedar seedling densities were up to 100 times higher in the actively managed Wildlife Refuge compared to the passively managed State Park. We also determined the seedbank of viable cedar seeds and we described the vegetation at the State Park. The stands at the State Park are now dominated by red maple (Acer rubrum) with a dense shrubby understory. Since viable cedar seeds were still present in the seedbank (>800,000 ha−1), future seedling establishment is possible at the State Park. However, active management is essential for achieving sufficient seedling densities and survival for regenerating a mature cedar stand.

Rapid ecological assessment methods, such as Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) and Indexes of Biotic Integrity (IBI) are useful tools for the selection of priority areas for biodiversity conservation. However, the majority of rapid assessment methods are based on data from a single taxonomic group; a multi-taxa index should provide a more integrated evaluation of the response of a disturbed system. In this study, we propose a new, easy-to-follow, integrated Index of Biotic Integrity (IBIint) which combines plants and birds to assess ecological integrity of tropical forest fragments. This integrated index combines the information of two previously developed rapid assessment methods: REA for plants and IBI for birds. These two indexes were built based on key vegetation features and on levels of sensitivity to forest fragmentation of bird species. We applied IBI, REA and the new IBIint indexes on the characterization of 10 forest fragments and in a large continuous forest block (reference area). We also tested the correlation of the proposed index (IBIint), REA and IBI with patch size, forest amount and connectivity at four spatial scales (250, 500, 1000, 1500 m). Our hypothesis was that IBIint would be more correlated with landscape metrics than the REA and IBI. As expected, IBIint was the more accurate index once it was explained by all landscape variables: area of forest fragments; forest connectivity; and, percentage of forest cover at four spatial scales. REA and IBI were explained only by one of those parameters. We conclude that IBIint can be an excellent tool to aid conservationists and managers for defining conservation strategies in scenarios with fast habitat loss.

Land use leads to massive habitat destruction and fragmentation in tropical forests. Despite its global dimensions the effects of fragmentation on ecosystem dynamics are not well understood due to the complexity of the problem. We present a simulation analysis performed by the individual-based model FORMIND. The model was applied to the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, one of the world's biodiversity hot spots, at the Plateau of São Paulo. This study investigates the long-term effects of fragmentation processes on structure and dynamics of different sized remnant tropical forest fragments (1–100 ha) at community and plant functional type (PFT) level. We disentangle the interplay of single effects of different key fragmentation processes (edge mortality, increased mortality of large trees, local seed loss and external seed rain) using simulation experiments in a full factorial design.Our analysis reveals that particularly small forest fragments below 25 ha suffer substantial structural changes, biomass and biodiversity loss in the long term. At community level biomass is reduced up to 60%. Two thirds of the mid- and late-successional species groups, especially shade-tolerant (late successional climax) species groups are prone of extinction in small fragments. The shade-tolerant species groups were most strongly affected; its tree number was reduced more than 60% mainly by increased edge mortality. This process proved to be the most powerful of those investigated, explaining alone more than 80% of the changes observed for this group. External seed rain was able to compensate approximately 30% of the observed fragmentation effects for shade-tolerant species.Our results suggest that tropical forest fragments will suffer strong structural changes in the long term, leading to tree species impoverishment. They may reach a new equilibrium with a substantially reduced subset of the initial species pool, and are driven towards an earlier successional state. The natural regeneration potential of a landscape scattered with forest fragments appears to be limited, as external seed rain is not able to fully compensate for the observed fragmentation-induced changes. Our findings suggest basic recommendations for the management of fragmented tropical forest landscapes.

Poaching is a common threat to vertebrates even within protected areas, yet it is difficult to predict and prevent due to a lack of information on its spatial distribution. We apply occupancy modeling to produce a spatially-explicit diagnostic of potential poaching areas in a protected area of the Atlantic Forest biodiversity hotspot, in Brazil. We used camera trapping along a 13-month period (April 2013 to May 2014) on 39 sampling sites selected using a systematic random design stratified by vegetation type. Using a single-species, single-season occupancy model, we evaluated seven covariates that might influence occupancy and detectability, to identify and compare sites selected by poachers. A total of 7020 trap-days was conducted during the study. Occupancy by poachers was higher near water resources and forest edges. Detectability of poachers was higher near water resources, forest edges and human settlements, in areas with higher abundance of game species, and in periods of higher lunar light intensity. Occupancy-based estimates of poaching matched well historical poaching records in the Reserve, and indicated that poaching pressure is not homogeneous across the Reserve; rather, there are clear poaching hotspots in areas with higher accessibility to poachers. Our results provide subsidies for increasing knowledge about this illegal practice, and points out for future strategies of conservation and management of game species. In addition, our methodological approach may be used in other Reserves to identify poaching hotspots, thus assisting managers in predicting and avoiding this illegal activity.

Galipeinae is the most diversified group of neotropical Rutaceae, presenting a wide floral diversity. However, the floral features in the species of the group have rarely been studied, hindering the understanding of functional aspects of particular floral attributes in relation to the biology. In this study, we investigate the floral biology and pollination of Angostura bracteata and Conchocarpus macrophyllus (Galipeinae), which are co-flowering and sympatric species occurring in the Atlantic forest of southeastern Brazil. Both species have tubular, nectar-rewarding, monosymmetric flowers, with two fertile stamens on the posterior side of the flower and five anterior staminodes. C. macrophyllus is most frequently pollinated by butterflies and less frequently pollinated by medium-sized bees. A. bracteata is also frequently pollinated by butterflies, shared, in part with C. macrophyllus, and less frequently pollinated by settling moths and by hummingbirds. Since we found that butterflies transfer the pollen grains of C. macrophyllus and A. bracteata through different body parts, it is unlikely that interspecific pollen mixture occurs, despite pollinator sharing. Although functionally generalized, most floral features indicate specialization for pollination by lepidopterans in both species. So, the related floral attributes consist of a long and narrow floral tube, as well as delicate landing platforms, and nectaries that produce minute quantities of dilute nectar, among others. Functional staminodes presenting pollen secondarily in the ventral region of the flower in A. bracteata are herein reported for the first time for Rutaceae, which results in a wider spatial presentation of pollen and may also increase the accuracy of sternotribic pollination. In C. macrophyllus, the staminodes bear pollen-collecting hairs, which may avoid spontaneous self-pollination or serve to scrape pollen from the tongues of pollinators. Our results indicate that the function of staminodes in the biology of the species may have influenced their maintenance throughout the floral evolution of Galipeinae.

While the role of land-use conversion on water quality is reasonably understood, its role on water quantity is controversial. Climate change is also expected to impact water availability. Here we explore the interplay of hydrology, land-use change and climate change in one of the most populous urban areas in the world. We examined the potential of forests to buffer the negative impacts of land-use and climate changes on water-related ecosystem services in Tietê Basin, Brazil, which supplies water to the São Paulo megalopolis. We modelled six hydrological parameters using the WaterWorld Policy Support System, simulating the current baseline and six future scenarios (with different land-use and climate changes). Our results corroborate the general trend that increased forest cover improves water quality. Our modelling also predicts that increased forest cover increases water quantity in the southern part of the basin. The effects of climate change are observed mainly in urban areas, with a reduction in water quality. Because urban areas are not eligible for reforestation, they cannot benefit from its buffering effect on climate change. The increase in water availability is the greatest benefit of reforestation as a strategy to improve water-related ecosystem services in the region. Reforestation, however, will not suffice to restore all hydrological parameters in the basin, and additional sustainable agricultural practices are needed to mitigate impacts on water quality.

The general objective of this study was to evaluate the ordered weighted averaging (OWA) method, integrated to a geographic information systems (GIS), in the definition of priority areas for forest conservation in a Brazilian river basin, aiming at to increase the regional biodiversity. We demonstrated how one could obtain a range of alternatives by applying OWA, including the one obtained by the weighted linear combination method and, also the use of the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) to structure the decision problem and to assign the importance to each criterion. The criteria considered important to this study were: proximity to forest patches; proximity among forest patches with larger core area; proximity to surface water; distance from roads; distance from urban areas; and vulnerability to erosion. OWA requires two sets of criteria weights: the weights of relative criterion importance and the order weights. Thus, Participatory Technique was used to define the criteria set and the criterion importance (based in AHP). In order to obtain the second set of weights we considered the influence of each criterion, as well as the importance of each one, on this decision-making process. The sensitivity analysis indicated coherence among the criterion importance weights, the order weights, and the solution. According to this analysis, only the proximity to surface water criterion is not important to identify priority areas for forest conservation. Finally, we can highlight that the OWA method is flexible, easy to be implemented and, mainly, it facilitates a better understanding of the alternative land-use suitability patterns.

The replacement of natural environments with urban centers has increased the distance between people and nature, which generates an indifference and apathy towards natural areas. Such a phenomenon is particularly concerning when children are involved because they represent future generations. In the present study, we investigated the effect of ‘contact with a forest’ versus ‘no contact with a forest’ on the knowledge of biodiversity in children under the same socioeconomic and educational conditions. We recruited 267 children for our study; 110 children maintained contact with a forest, while 157 had no contact with an urban forest. We encouraged the children to express their knowledge of the natural environment through drawings. Our results showed that contact with a forest granted children greater knowledge of the native animals, but it did not seem to affect their knowledge of the vegetation. However, the lack of contact with a forest caused the children to give greater importance to human components as part of the forest. Proximity to a natural area, even in an urban environment, seems to help draw attention to its components and sets the groundwork for knowledge construction. Hence, it is highly important to encourage contact between urban children and natural environments, as it enables future generations to have a better connection with nature, which is essential for biodiversity conservation.

Recognition of the importance of peatlands has led to increased efforts to protect and restore these environments but there are concerns about the impact of restoration on water quality, particularly in terms of sediment delivery, nutrient transport and carbon losses. In this study we present the results of almost 10 years of water quality monitoring in 3 catchments at a lowland raised bog that was afforested with conifers in the 1960s and 1970s and cleared over the 2010s.Phosphate concentrations increased after clearfelling with the main peaks seen in the summer after forest clearance; the use of low ground impact harvesting methods, removal of forest residues and especially phased felling tempered phosphate losses. Annual mean phosphate concentrations returned to pre-felling levels 3–5 years after felling finished. Nitrate concentrations increased slightly from baseline levels during and after felling. DOC concentrations increased at two sites with mean annual concentrations still elevated at one site after 4 years; little increase in DOC was recorded with phased felling. Colour levels increased and remain elevated at all sites relative to pre-felling. In only one stream, pH increased improving the WFD water body status from ‘poor’ to ‘high’ in the space of 3 years.Our results show that forest clearance for peatland restoration can impact negatively upon water quality due to phosphate, DOC, colour and suspended sediment releases. The mechanisms by which the releases occur require further investigation but are thought to be driven by nutrient leaching from forest residues, soil disturbance by machine trafficking and indirect effects of forest clearance, such as water table rise following cessation of forest water use. Climatic effects also play a significant role, particularly drying-rewetting cycles and periods of extended drought. To prevent negative impacts, phased felling and less intensive forest harvesting techniques should be employed.

Ethnopharmacological relevanceConsiderable medicinal plant research in Brazil has focused on indigenous and mixed-race (caboclo and caiçara) communities, but relatively few studies have examined the medicinal plants and associated healing traditions of the descendants of enslaved Africans. This study surveyed the medicinal plants employed by a relatively isolated maroon community of Afro-Brazilians in the Atlantic coastal rainforests of Bahia, Brazil, a global biodiversity hotspot. The studied community is exceptional in that the residents were defacto slaves until several years ago, with no access to western medicine. We examined the following questions: 1) What medicinal plants are used in this community? 2) What are the principal taxonomic groups, life forms, source habitats, and geographical origins? 3) What species stand out as measured by use value and frequency indices? and 4) Is the community's geographical isolation and African ancestry reflected in their medicinal uses of the local flora?Materials and methodsThe study was carried out in the Quilombo Salamina Putumuju maroon community in Bahia, Brazil. Data were collected from May to October 2014 from 74 individuals (37 men and 37 women) by means of semi-structured interviews, walk in the woods, and vouchering of identified species. We used the Cultural Value Index (CV), the Relative Frequency Index (RF), and the Use Value Index (UV) to determine the importance of medicinal plant resources. Continuity of African medicinal plant uses and traditions was determined through self-reporting and comparison with previously published works.ResultsWe recorded 118 medicinal plant species distributed in 100 genera and 51 families. The best represented families were: Asteraceae, Fabaceae, Lamiaceae and Myrtaceae. Most plant medicines were used to treat respiratory, digestive systems, genitourinary, and skin problems. The most common medicinal life form was herbs (44%), followed by trees (28%) and shrubs (18%). Native species (55%) were used somewhat more than exotic species (45%), and non-cultivated species (51%) were slightly more numerous than cultivated species (49%). In spite of abundant nearby old-growth forests, trails and gardens were the most common collection sites. A mean of 13.2 medicinal plant species were cited per participant. The highest CV was recorded for Cymbopogon citratus (0.20) followed by Lippia alba (0.19) and Stryphnodendron cf. adstringens (0.17). The highest RF included C. citratus (0.69), L. alba (0.59), and Eugenia uniflora (0.55). The highest UV figures were recorded for S. cf. adstringens (1.68), followed by Sida cf. cordifolia (0.97) and C. citratus (0.93).Fifteen species (13%) of this maroon medicinal flora trace their ancestry to Africa or African-derived healing traditions.ConclusionThe Salamina maroon community maintains considerable knowledge of the medicinal value of the local flora. However, little of this knowledge is derived from the surrounding old-growth tropical forests. Their pharmacopoeia is a hybrid mix of wild and cultivated species, natives and exotics. Among those species representing the community's isolation and African ancestry, most are associated with spiritual and magical medicine.

Estimation of large area forest attributes, such as area of forest cover, from remote sensing-based maps is challenging because of image processing, logistical, and data acquisition constraints. In addition, techniques for estimating and compensating for misclassification and estimating uncertainty are often unfamiliar. Forest area for the state of Santa Catarina in southern Brazil was estimated from each of four satellite image-based land cover maps, and an independent estimate was obtained using observations of forest/non-forest for more than 1000 points assessed as part of the Santa Catarina Forest and Floristic Inventory. The latter data were also used as an accuracy assessment sample for evaluating the four maps. The map analyses consisted of identifying classification errors, constructing error matrices, calculating associated accuracy measures, estimating bias, and constructing 95% confidence intervals for proportion forest estimates using a model-assisted regression estimator. Overall accuracies for the maps ranged from 0.876 to 0.929. The standard errors of the estimates were all smaller than the standard error of the simple random sampling estimate by factors ranging from approximately1.23 to approximately 1.69. The model-assisted regression estimator lends itself to easy implementation for adjusting for estimated classification bias and for constructing confidence intervals.

In the Anthropocene era, ecosystem productivity decreasing due to Global temperatures increasing and the biodiversity loss. Thus, are imperative that natural areas be explored under sustainable precepts, respecting and stimulating, the resilience and resistance of the ecosystems. To examine the relation of sustainable companies and the ecosystem services, we investigated all companies listed in the Corporate Sustainability Index (ISE) of Brazilian stock exchange (B3), considered as having as best sustainable practices of the Brazilian market. We analyzed if corporations dependently of provisioned ecosystem services recognizes the importance of sustainable practices for restocking the ecosystem services of natural areas that they explored. Data were collected reading socio-environmental reports. The LIFE certification methodology (Lasting Initiative for Earth) was used as guide-reading, making possible qualify and quantify the externalities and mitigations of each company. From seven companies examined, six not developed sufficient actions to mitigate their externalities. One company, from the forest sector, mitigated 40% of entire externalities calculated for all companies. Therefore, introduce biodiversity conservation actions in management systems contributes to achieving sustainable principles and the environmental conscious exploration. Additionally, the LIFE methodology can be used to improve sustainable policies of companies, mitigating their externalities, and approximating companies to achieve more easily the Paris Agreement through recompose the ecosystem services.

Habitat selection, which is mainly a consequence of competition and predation, allows species to coexist. The present study was conducted in two reserves in an Atlantic Forest area in Santa Catarina State, southern Brazil, and provided information on several large mammal species through photographic records. Records were related to certain environmental parameters, such as width of passages (trails and roads), vegetation density and proximity to water, in order to assess the relationship between each mammal species and its microhabitat. Thirty-two camera trap stations were placed during 17 months for 150.8 (±62.2) days on average. Terrestrial mammals tended to use different habitats: Puma concolor used mainly dirt roads and open areas; Leopardus pardalis, Cerdocyon thous and Nasua nasua used more large trails and intermediate-forested sites; and Cuniculus paca, Dasypus novemcinctus, Leopardus tigrinus, Eira barbara and Leopardus wiedii were recorded more often on narrow trails and in densely forested sites. Some of these forest species, such as D. novemcinctus, C. paca and L. pardalis, also showed relationships with watercourses. Information on habitat selection allows more effort to be addressed to the habitat associated with focal species, and indicates the significance of environmental heterogeneity, which makes it possible for species to coexist.

Protected areas (PAs) are currently the cornerstones for biodiversity conservation in many regions of the world. Within Africa's moist forest areas, however, numerous PAs are under significant threats from anthropogenic activities. Adequate technical and human resources are required to manage the wildlife within PAs satisfactorily. SMART (Spatial Monitoring And Reporting Tool) software has been developed to aid in fluidly displaying, managing, and reporting on ranger patrol data. These data can be analysed using spatial modelling to inform decision-making. Here we use Favourability Function modelling to generate risk maps from the data gathered on threats (fire, poaching and deforestation) and the presence of Western gorilla (Gorilla gorilla gorilla), chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes) and African forest elephant (Loxodonta cyclotis) in the Dja Forest Reserve (DFR), southern Cameroon. We show that the more favourable areas for the three study species are found within the core of the DFR, particularly for elephant. Favourable areas for fires and deforestation are mostly along the periphery of the reserve, but highly favourable areas for poaching are concentrated in the middle of the reserve, tracking the favourable areas for wildlife. Models such as the ones we use here can provide valuable insights to managers to highlight vulnerable areas within protected areas and guide actions on the ground.

Recent studies have advanced our understanding of the mechanisms behind population and community responses to edge effects. However, functional responses remain poorly explored. Seed dispersal is a key process in ecosystem functioning, and edge effects may alter patterns of seed dispersal through changes in dispersers’ behavior and environmental conditions. Here, we test predictive models of edge effects and habitat suitability on seed dispersal by considering different scenarios given by differences in the dispersal agent (wind and vertebrate dispersal), and the contrast between habitats of native southern Atlantic forest and tree plantations that occur across the entire area of influence of the edge. We fit our data to non-linear theoretical models to explore the response of seed rain to three general patterns of response to edge effects and differences on habitat suitability: (1) monotonic (sigmoid or exponential) (seed rain is higher in one of the habitats), (2) unimodal (seed rain shows either a maximum or a minimum near the edge, with or without differences on habitat suitability between adjacent habitats) and (3) neutral response (seed rain is constant across the ecotone). We estimated abundance and richness of wind- and vertebrate-dispersed seeds using seed traps, and measured vegetation structure in four different edges between native forest and tree plantations (from recent to mature plantations). Edge effects affected seed rain patterns depending on both the degree of vegetation contrast between habitats and the dispersal agent. Wind-dispersed seeds showed a monotonic response to most edges, whereas responses of vertebrate-dispersed seeds varied among edges (monotonic, unimodal and neutral), consistent with the dispersers’ behavior. High contrast edges (forest-recent plantation) showed unimodal edge response, while those created by low contrast edges (forest-mature plantation) exhibited monotonic responses (sigmoid). Differences on habitat suitability on vertebrate-dispersed seeds increased with edge contrast, while richness and abundance of vertebrate-dispersed seeds in the habitat interior showed the opposite pattern. The abundance of wind-dispersed seeds inside the studied habitats increased with edge contrast. The current analytical framework developed to explore responses of populations and communities to edge effects successfully described the response of seed dispersal. Furthermore, edge effects affected seed dispersal patterns differently depending on the dispersal agent and the contrast between habitats. Our findings contribute to the understanding of forest regeneration processes and may help increase the effectiveness of restoration efforts.

The Brazilian Atlantic Rainforest is internationally recognised as one of the most biodiverse and threatened tropical forests in the world [Myers, N., Mittermeier, R.A., Mittermeier, C.G., da Fonseca, G.A.B., Kent, J., 2000. Biodiversity hotspots for conservation priorities. Nature 403, 853–858]. The Seasonal Semi-Deciduous Forest is among the most fragmented and threatened biomes of the Atlantic Rainforest Domain. The largest remnant of this biome (35,000 ha) is protected by the Morro do Diabo State Park (MDSP), situated in the area known as the Pontal do Paranapanema, in São Paulo State, Brazil. Despite its environmental importance, the park is under political, economic and demographic pressure. The main aim of our research was to estimate the population's willingness to pay (WTP) for the conservation of MDSP and for the Atlantic Rainforest's remnants in São Paulo State as a whole, by means of the contingent valuation method (CVM). The results featured a high incidence of null WTP and of protest votes. Nevertheless, the population is willing to pay US$ 2,113,548.00/year (R$ 7,080,385.00/year) for the conservation of the MDSP (use and existence values), or US$ 60.39 ha/year (R$ 202.30/ha/year). The results indicate that the preservation value is strongly associated to the population's ability to pay, increasing with income levels. Qualitative research questions showed that the population considers protected areas to be very important. Still, the valuation of MDSP revealed a gap between the government budget allotted to the park and the value assigned to the area by the public.

The development and decline of alder floodplain forests and alder carrs along the Tyrrhenian coasts, in relation to sea level changes, geomorphological processes, human activity, and climate change are presented and discussed. A number of 22 pollen records, complemented by Alnus macrofossil data, document the presence of widespread alder populations in the coastal Tyrrhenian floodplains throughout the Holocene, although with different density from one site to the other, mostly depending on local hydrological conditions. The role of climate changes in the dynamics of floodplain forests appears uncertain. In the last two centuries, major reclamation works disrupted this natural vegetation to obtain fertile plains that are now exploited for agricultural purposes, industrial activities, urban areas and related infrastructures. Only a few remnants of the original alder forests are preserved by international conservation conventions, as biodiversity reservoirs of severely endangered habitats. However, the vanished alder forests, which proved to be able to rapidly recover several times through the Holocene, may still have some potential to be restored.

Effects of roads on wildlife and its habitat have been measured using metrics, such as the nearest road distance, road density, and effective mesh size. In this work we introduce two new indices: (1) Integral Road Effect (IRE), which measured the sum effects of points in a road at a fixed point in the forest; and (2) Average Value of the Infinitesimal Road Effect (AVIRE), which measured the average of the effects of roads at this point. IRE is formally defined as the line integral of a special function (the infinitesimal road effect) along the curves that model the roads, whereas AVIRE is the quotient of IRE by the length of the roads. Combining tools of ArcGIS software with a numerical algorithm, we calculated these and other road and habitat cover indices in a sample of points in a human-modified landscape in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, where data on the abundance of two groups of small mammals (forest specialists and habitat generalists) were collected in the field. We then compared through the Akaike Information Criterion (AIC) a set of candidate regression models to explain the variation in small mammal abundance, including models with our two new road indices (AVIRE and IRE) or models with other road effect indices (nearest road distance, mesh size, and road density), and reference models (containing only habitat indices, or only the intercept without the effect of any variable). Compared to other road effect indices, AVIRE showed the best performance to explain abundance of forest specialist species, whereas the nearest road distance obtained the best performance to generalist species. AVIRE and habitat together were included in the best model for both small mammal groups, that is, higher abundance of specialist and generalist small mammals occurred where there is lower average road effect (less AVIRE) and more habitat. Moreover, AVIRE was not significantly correlated with habitat cover of specialists and generalists differing from the other road effect indices, except mesh size, which allows for separating the effect of roads from the effect of habitat on small mammal communities. We suggest that the proposed indices and GIS procedures could also be useful to describe other spatial ecological phenomena, such as edge effect in habitat fragments.

The Atlantic Forest biome is recognized for its biodiversity and is one of the most threatened biomes on the planet, with forest fragmentation increasing due to uncontrolled land use, land occupation, and population growth. The most serious aspect of the forest fragmentation process is the edge effect and the loss of biodiversity. In this context, the aim of this study was to evaluate the dynamics of forest fragmentation and select potential forest fragments with a higher degree of conservation for seed harvesting in the Itapemirim river basin, Espírito Santo State, Brazil. Image classification techniques, forest landscape ecology, and multi-criteria analysis were used to evaluate the evolution of forest fragmentation to develop the landscape metric indexes, and to select potential forest fragments for seed harvesting for the years 1985 and 2013. According to the results, there was a reduction of 2.55% of the occupancy of the fragments in the basin between the years 1985 and 2013. For the years 1985 and 2013, forest fragment units 2 and 3 were spatialized with a high potential for seed harvesting, representing 6.99% and 16.01% of the total fragments, respectively. The methodology used in this study has the potential to be used to support decisions for the selection of potential fragments for seed harvesting because selecting fragments in different environments by their spatial attributes provides a greater degree of conservation, contributing to the protection and conscious management of the forests. The proposed methodology can be adapted to other areas and different biomes of the world.

The restoration of estuarine habitats provides diverse ecological functions and services, e.g., vegetated foreshores reduce current speeds and attenuate waves and may enhance nursery grounds for fish and other estuarine organisms and estuarine water purification. A set of legislation regulates the conservation, usage and restoration of European estuaries. The European Habitats Directive (HD) protects biodiversity on species and habitats level and today most of the European estuaries are designated as protected Natura 2000 sites. In tidal freshwater wetlands at locations of large ports (e.g., Antwerp, Hamburg, London, Rotterdam) integrative management to maintain natural structures paralleled by ecosystem restoration with respect to flood risk reduction and harbour activities is challenging. This led to the Hamburg strategy for improving the conservation status under the HD and measures are implemented along the Elbe estuary. Alluvial forests listed as priority habitats (HD annex I) are fragmented, and tidal softwood forests comprising willows must be restored. In our case study, autochthones plant material was collected and cultivated, and used for initial plantings on a former floodplain meadow. Two years after planting, the basket, crack and purple willow reached heights of 3 m and more, whereas the number of white and almond willows was largely decreased, and numerous willows were affected by competing herbaceous vegetation. The careful selection of restoration sites including ecological hydrology providing bar ground for less competitive willows combined with the use of acclimated autochthonous Salix may enhance the restoration success of tidal floodplain forests at estuarine upstream sites.

More than half of Brazilian territory (54%), or approx. 463 million ha, is covered by forests. Public forest ownership dominates with up to 80%, private forests cover cca. 20% and cca. 8% is unclaimed. In public forests the practice of concessions is growing, with the expectation of reducing the problem of Amazonian illegal loggings. Private forests are mainly under plantation management, which generates 5.5% of the country’s industrial gross domestic product. Relevance of both is accordingly high, although not dominant in forest share. A key question for forest policy is how successfully the state regulates both issues in practice. Our paper accordingly focuses on the Brazilian Forest Service and the Ministry of Agriculture, which are state forest institutions in charge of forest concessions and planted forests. We look at their performance against legally based forestry goals and rely on primary (participatory observation, semi-structured personal interviews and questionnaire) and secondary sources (documents) for empirical evidence. The 3 L Model serves as a theoretical basis. It was selected while applying criteria and indicators for evaluation of public institutions´ comprehensive performance with respect to sustainable forest management. The results show that Brazilian forest policy strives toward sustainable forest management, as an overall goal. In more particular, the performance of both examined state forest institutions is more market (than public demand) oriented and moves towards strengthening market competences. At the same time, there are constrains in sustaining forest stands. Due to permanent and strong conflicts related to land use changes in Brazil, the relevance of a mediator, aiming to harmonize all different interests related to forest protection and use, is high, but this role is still not taken, at least not by the evaluated state forest institutions. This represents new task for the forestry practice, while facilitating diverse interests in Brazilian forests could not only be a contribution toward conflict management between environmental, forestry and agribusiness actors but could also grant stronger political role to respective state forest institution(s). For attending this role, the performance evaluation of the whole and rather complex forest-related institutional setting in Brazil could provide relevant science-based policy arguments. This paper shows that the 3 L Model could be applied for such evaluation, as it was possible to adapt it to a non-European country and get a comprehensive overview of Brazilian plantation and concession forestry in practice.

Airborne photogrammetric image archives offer interesting possibilities for multi-temporal analyses of environmental evolution. The objective of this investigation was to develop a technique for classifying forest successional stages and performing multi-temporal analyses of the tree canopy based on tree height variances calculated from digital surface models (DSMs) created from photogrammetric imagery. Furthermore, our objective was to evaluate the usability of the technique in assessing the evolution of successional stages in a tropical forest. The local variance calculation in 3D space resulted in an image that was subdivided with a segmentation technique to generate small areas called superpixels. These superpixels, which use the local mean variance as an attribute, are assessed via cluster analysis to evaluate statistical similarity and define successional stage classes. The same superpixel shapes were located in georeferenced historical datasets to enable multi-temporal analysis. The cluster analysis of temporal superpixels enabled the spatiotemporal classification of forest canopy evolution. The technique was used to assess a tropical forest remnant in Brazil. Dense DSMs were generated with stereo-photogrammetric techniques using optical images (both film and digital images) from which height variances were computed. A cluster analysis of superpixels was performed to classify the forest canopy into four successional stages, which were consistent with Brazilian classification rules. The multi-temporal analysis identified six classes of forest cover evolution. Field data were collected in forest plots to validate the generated forest canopy classifications. The results showed that the proposed approach was feasible for forest cover classification and for identifying changes in the vertical forest structure and cover over time using only optical images.

In a cascade of reservoirs, the events that occur in the upstream reservoir can be transferred to the downstream ones. Thus, the water quality of the second and subsequent reservoirs usually changes. Based on a zero-dimensional model, this work describes the mass balances of 23 limnological variables in a system of 6 cascade reservoirs located in a well-preserved hydrographic basin (within the Brazilian Tropical Atlantic Forest). Ecosystem services are also mentioned to stress the importance of this system to improve the water quality of the Juquiá-Guaçu River. Samples were taken from the reservoirś inputs, in the lacustrine region, and in the Juquiá-Guaçu River downstream of each reservoir. According to the zero-dimensional model (continuous stirred tank reactor), it can be concluded that: i) the retention intensities of the elements varied within each reservoir itself and among the reservoirs. These differences occur because chemical and biotic processes concerning retentions are different, and the specific physical conditions (e.g. water velocity, flow, stratification) related to the retentions of each element are different; ii) not all reservoirs presented high assimilation coefficients for all variables, the six reservoirs were very efficient in terms of retaining the elements; iii) the system reduced the amounts of 87% of the variables; iv) for variables related to erosion and runoff the cascade of reservoirs was not able to decrease the values; v) the The high percentage of retention of the limnological variables enables us to evaluate the importance of these reservoirs to reduce eutrophication (nitrogen and phosphorus compounds), turbidity, TS, color, coliforms (total and fecal) from the Juquiá-Guaçu River.

Remnant habitat patches immersed within biofuel cropland matrices can retain considerable species diversity, although the effects of land use change on species persistence in historically modified landscapes remain unclear. The Atlantic Forest is one of the most fragmented South American biodiversity hotspots and retains about 12% of its original vegetation cover. Most of these remnants are distributed in small isolated fragments immersed mainly within pastures and sugarcane monocultures. Here we examine how species richness and composition of medium and large-sized mammals are explained by forest cover, structural area and forest edge amount at the landscape scale. We sampled 22 fragmented landscapes dominated by sugarcane plantations along a wide gradient of forest cover (3% to 96%) in southeastern Brazil. We recorded 88% of terrestrial mammal species expected for this region, but many likely local extirpations were detected at the landscape scale, with losses between 50% to 80% of species. Most of the landscapes were highly depleted of forest-specialist species, with replacements by exotics and/or species typical of non-forest habitats. We found that total mammalian species richness, which includes forest-specialists, generalists, exotics and non-forest dwelling species, was not affected by landscape metrics, such as forest cover, structural area and forest edge amount. Nevertheless, forest cover was important predictor of the presence of three ungulates, a medium-sized rodent, and an armadillo. Local mammalian communities exhibited a high degree of species turnover between landscapes, representing 95% of the total β-diversity. In this region, where there was no regional extinction, landholder compliance with the Brazilian Forest Bill and restoration measures will enhance habitat connectivity and mammal persistence across the wider unprotected countryside.

This research aimed to understand how anthropic impacts generated by sugarcane plantations and urban development affect a Neotropical river in northeastern Brazil, through the evaluation of the relationships between the local ichthyofauna and environmental variables, and different patterns of land cover, in addition to seasonal variation. Monthly samples of environmental parameters and icthyofauna were taken from September 2013 to August 2014 in the lower course of the Capibaribe River (PE, Brazil). Environmental parameters varied significantly among land cover and seasons, grouping separately samples from the Anthropized and Forested areas. Highest values of phosphorus, chlorophyll-a, fecal coliform (E. coli) and ammoniacal nitrogen, together with the lowest dissolved oxygen concentrations, were recorded in the Anthropized areas. Species richness, evenness, and diversity of fishes were highest in the Forested areas, while abundance was highest in the Anthropized areas. Our results emphasize the importance of riparian forests, since the forested sites had best environmental conditions and ichthyofauna with higher diversity and evenness. Impacts caused by sugarcane plantations and urban development resulted in the simplification of the ichthyofauna and nutrient enrichment, which underpinned a process of eutrophication. Our results reinforce the need for the development of management plans that encourage rational land use practices, the protection of aquatic ecosystems, the recovery of riverside areas, and the conservation of local biodiversity.

In most countries, the loss of biodiversity caused by the fires is worrying. In this sense, the fires detection towers are crucial for rapid identification of fire outbreaks and can also be used in environmental inspection, biodiversity monitoring, telecommunications mechanisms, telemetry and others. Currently the methodologies for allocating fire detection towers over large areas are numerous, complex and non-standardized by government supervisory agencies. Therefore, this study proposes and evaluates different methodologies to best location of points to install fire detection towers considering the topography, risk areas, conservation units and heat spots. Were used Geographic Information Systems (GIS) techniques and unaligned stratified systematic sampling for implementing and evaluating 9 methods for allocating fire detection towers. Among the methods evaluated, the C3 method was chosen, represented by 140 fire detection towers, with coverage of: a) 67% of the study area, b) 73.97% of the areas with high risk, c) 70.41% of the areas with very high risk, d) 70.42% of the conservation units and e) 84.95% of the heat spots in 2014. The proposed methodology can be adapted to areas of other countries.

There is a global lack of knowledge on tropical ecotoxicology, particularly in terms of mangrove areas. These areas often serve as nurseries or homes for several animal species, including Ucides cordatus (the uçá crab). This species is widely distributed, is part of the diet of human coastal communities, and is considered to be a sentinel species due to its sensitivity to toxic xenobiotics in natural environments. Sublethal damages to benthic populations reveal pre-pathological conditions, but discussions of the implications are scarce in the literature. In Brazil, the state of São Paulo offers an interesting scenario for ecotoxicology and population studies: it is easy to distinguish between mangroves that are well preserved and those which are significantly impacted by human activity. The objectives of this study were to provide the normal baseline values for the frequency of Micronucleated cells (MN‰) and for neutral red retention time (NRRT) in U. cordatus at pristine locations, as well to indicate the conservation status of different mangrove areas using a multi-level biological response approach in which these biomarkers and population indicators (condition factor and crab density) are applied in relation to environmental quality indicators (determined via information in the literature and solid waste volume). A mangrove area with no effects of impact (areas of reference or pristine areas) presented a mean value of MN‰<3 and NRRT>120 min, values which were assumed as baseline values representing genetic and physiological normality. A significant correlation was found between NRRT and MN, with both showing similar and effective results for distinguishing between different mangrove areas according to conservation status. Furthermore, crab density was lower in more impacted mangrove areas, a finding which also reflects the effects of sublethal damage; this finding was not determined by condition factor measurements. Multi-level biological responses were able to reflect the conservation status of the mangrove areas studied using information on guideline values of MN‰, NRRT, and density of the uçá crab in order to categorize three levels of human impacts in mangrove areas: PNI (probable null impact); PLI (probable low impact); and PHI (probable high impact). Results confirm the success of U. cordatus species’ multi-level biological responses in diagnosing threats to mangrove areas. Therefore, this species represents an effective tool in studies on mangrove conservation statuses in the Western Atlantic.

Eelgrass (Zostera marina) is the dominant perennial canopy-forming vegetation along the soft-sediment shores of the Northwest Atlantic. Eelgrass is considered an ecologically significant species in Atlantic Canada as it provides essential ecosystem functions and services and is an indicator of ecosystem health. Recent declines of eelgrass habitats highlight the need for methods quantifying the large-scale distribution of eelgrass throughout Atlantic Canada to monitor for further habitat loss. We used archived, high-resolution SPOT 6/7 satellite imagery to classify where vegetated habitats exist and if eelgrass was the dominant species. We focused on three bays in Nova Scotia: Port Mouton Bay, Port Joli Bay, and Jordan Bay. In 2015, field surveys were conducted to obtain training points, which were supplemented with visually identified points to perform a supervised classification based on the maximum likelihood classifier. We also performed an unsupervised classification, where clustering algorithms were used to build training sites for a maximum likelihood classifier without using field survey data. These two pixel-based approaches provided similar results across the different images. Regardless of classification type (supervised versus unsupervised), we found different levels of success for the three bays. In Port Joli Bay, we were able to calculate where vegetated habitats occurred and what was the dominant species. This provided bay-wide distribution maps and suggested that 8.61–11.10% of the bay was covered by eelgrass. In Port Mouton Bay, we were able to calculate vegetation presence from absence, and eelgrass habitats were qualitatively differentiated from seaweed habitats by incorporating substrate data and local ecological knowledge. In contrast, benthic habitats could not be classified in Jordan Bay, highlighting the importance of sufficient water clarity for classifying satellite imagery. Our study has implications for the monitoring, conservation and management of eelgrass and other vegetated coastal habitats in Atlantic Canada by providing bay-wide distribution maps, and a classification framework which requires no field survey points for ground truthing.

To encourage forest managers to use biodiversity indicators in their work, providing environmental variables that depict species habitats, have well-calibrated and strong relationships with biodiversity and are easy to routinely record would be a step forward. The Index of Biodiversity Potential (IBP) is a rapid habitat assessment method widely used in France. It uses ten variables that indicate potential habitat for forest-dwelling species and is easy for forest managers to implement during their day-to-day activities. The objective of this paper is to evaluate the indicator power of these IBP variables at the stand scale, i.e. their capacity to co-vary with empirical species richness and composition data for nine taxa. The data were obtained from 487 plots set up in 19 forested areas in France. Taxonomic data focused on corticolous lichens, corticolous and saproxylic bryophytes, polypores, saproxylic beetles, ground beetles, hoverflies, birds, bats and vascular plants. For the latter five taxa, we built subgroups of forest-specialist species. The IBP variables were recorded on 1-ha circular plots centered on the sampling point used to record taxonomic data. We explored the relationships between the IBP variables and species composition/richness of nine taxa at the stand scale. Furthermore, we searched for threshold values for all the significant relationships found between species richness and the IBP variables. Variations in the species composition of vascular plants and saproxylic beetles, and to a lesser extent, polypores, bats and lichens, were significantly related to habitat variations (ranked according to the Procrustes significance level). The contribution of the IBP variables to the total inertia of species composition was about 18.7% on average. The IBP variables had a lower number of significant relationships with species richness than with species composition. Unexpectedly, the forest subgroups mainly showed fewer significant relationships with habitat variables than did the full-groups, both for species richness and composition. We highlighted seven significant thresholds in the habitat variables above which species richness was significantly higher. Finally, we recommend that forest managers (i) routinely use a rapid habitat assessment such as the IBP, (ii) orient silvicultural practices to ensure conservation of autochtonous tree species, large logs and different types of aquatic habitats above the thresholds highlighted in this study, and (iii) periodically complete a biodiversity assessment at the forest scale by recording taxonomic data.

The Neotropical Synallaxis ruficapilla complex is endemic to the Atlantic Forest and is comprised of three species: S. ruficapilla, S. whitneyi, and S. infuscata. This group is closely related to the Synallaxis moesta complex that occurs in the Andes, Tepuis, and Guianan shield. Here we used mitochondrial and nuclear gene sequences to infer the phylogeny and the time of diversification of the S. ruficapilla and S. moesta complexes. We also included samples of an undescribed population of Synallaxis that resembles other populations of the S. ruficapilla complex. Our results showed that different geographical lineages within the S. ruficapilla complex are reciprocally monophyletic, but the northern form (S. infuscata) grouped with an Andean taxon. This suggests that at least two lineages of this group independently colonized the Atlantic Forest. Specimens of the undescribed population formed a monophyletic clade with deep divergence. Estimated diversification dates were within the late Pliocene to Pleistocene (2.75–0.16 million of years ago). This suggests that at this time there was a higher connectivity between habitats in the rugged landscapes of the circum-Amazonian bioregions. The observed Pleistocene diversification within the Atlantic Forest is congruent in space and time with studies of other co-distributed organisms, and may be associated with climate changes and tectonic activity during this period.

Traditional strategies to stem declines in biodiversity include the establishment of public protected area networks. However, private lands are an increasingly important component of contemporary reserve networks. Despite the increasing recognition of the value of private lands for conservation little is known about these areas. Consequently, this study aimed to re-evaluate the changes in private reserves in Brazil since 2005. Brazil’s private reserve system is represented by 1182 reserves, recognized under federal law and created to protect nature in perpetuity. These reserves protect 7502 km2 of land and are distributed across seven terrestrial biomes. This is an overall increase of 35% in the number of reserves (n = 753) and 3265 km2 of protected land (<0.05% of Brazilian terrestrial extent) since 2005. Forty-eight percent of the reserves (n = 572) are each smaller than 0.5 km2. While 749 (67%) of all private reserves (n = 1,182) are located in the Atlantic Forest biome, 38% of the overall area protected under the private reserve system is in the Pantanal biome, which has only 10 reserves. For landowners, the establishment of these reserves is a costly and bureaucratic process. Few economic incentives to establish reserves are available and comprise mostly tax breaks and funding from NGOs to assist with the establishment and management activities. The private reserve network provides valuable contributions to watershed and species conservation in Brazil, despite their limited size and challenges to create and manage these areas. Greater funding opportunities to landowners can be a catalyst for the establishment of reserves beyond the Atlantic Forest biome.

In the Mediterranean region, cycles of controlled burning combined with continuous grazing appear to have been an effective tool for maintaining isolated Calluna vulgaris heathlands in the form in which they occur in many places in the Atlantic region. Changes in land use and management of the mosaic of extensively exploited heathland and associated grassland over recent decades, such as bringing land into cultivation followed by its abandonment and the prohibition of fires has resulted in a process of transformation into new shrub communities with lower biodiversity. In the Mediterranean region, these changes are similar to those described in the Atlantic area, but encroachment occurs faster and could lead ultimately to afforestation by Mediterranean woodland.In a study area of 300 ha of heathland in the Spanish Mediterranean basin (specifically, in the Montseny Natural Park and Biosphere Reserve), comparison of present and former vegetation showed that shrub cover increased from 15% in 1967 to 32% in 2000. Broom (Cytisus scoparius) was the main invasive species in abandoned crop fields, whereas Mediterranean holm oak forest (Quercus ilex) increased by 18%. The surface area of fernlands doubled and C. vulgaris heathlands decreased from 35% to just 9% during the same period. Intermixed grasslands also decreased moderately and progressively from 4% to 3%.It seems probable that cycles of fires are more important in terms of shrub control and biodiversity conservation than continuous grazing alone, even at a high rate of stocking (four small ruminants per hectare per year). This encroachment process throws into relief the role that isolated habitats can play as a monitor of land use changes.

The conversion of natural ecosystems to agricultural land and urban areas plays a threat to the protected areas and the natural ecosystems conservation. The aim of this paper is to provide an analysis of the agricultural expansion and its impact on the landscape spatial and temporal patterns in a buffer zone of a protected area located in the transition zone between the Atlantic Forest and Cerrado, in the State of São Paulo, Brazil. The land use and land cover were mapped between 1971 and 2008 and landscape metrics were calculated to provide a spatiotemporal analysis of the forest structure and the expansion of the croplands. The results showed that the landscape patterns were affected by the economic cycles. The predominant crop surrounding the protected area is sugar cane, which increased by 39% during this period, followed by citrus. This landscape change is connected to the Brazilian oil crisis in 1973. The rapid expansion of sugar cane was largely driven by Brazil's biofuel program, the “Proálcool” (pro-alcohol), a project in 1975 that mixed ethanol with gas for automotive fuel. The forest loss occurred mainly between 1971 and 1988, decreasing the forest cover from 17% in 1971 to 12.7% in 2008. Most of the forest patches are smaller than 50 ha and has low connectivity. Throughout the years, the fragments in the buffer zone have become smaller and with an elongated shape, and the park has become isolated. This forest fragmentation process and the predominance of monoculture lands in the buffer zone threaten the protected areas, and can represent a barrier for these areas to provide the effective biodiversity conservation. The measures proposed are necessary to ensure the capability of this ecosystem to sustain its original biodiversity.

The paper presents the relts of a study aimed at assessing N2O-N emissions from arable and forest soils under the climate conditions of Central Poland. Measurements were conducted during the 2012 growing season. N2O-N emissions from the soil were measured in situ by infrared spectroscopy using a portable Alpha FTIR spectrometer (Bruker). The measured N2O-N fluxes showed a high variability over the study period, with fluxes from the arable soil treated with fertilizer (0.08–21.60, median 5.31, mean 7.08 μg N2O-N m−2 h-1) tending to exceed those from the forest soil (0.00–18.78, median 3.35, mean 4.54 μg N2O-N m−2 h-1). N2O-N fluxes from the arable soil were correlated stronger with the atmospheric temperature and soil moisture than with the soil NO3--N content. The N2O-N fluxes from the forest soil were positively correlated with atmospheric temperature only. The relationship between the N2O-N emission from the arable soil and soil NH4+-N content was marked by negative correlation. Based on the measured N2O-N flux and its relationship with environmental factors (especially the negative correlation between N2O-N flux and NH4+-N content) it can be hypothesized that denitrification is an important source of N2O-N in arable soils of Central Poland, even when the soil water-filled pore space (WFPS) during the growing season is below 40%. However, in such soil moisture conditions the N2O-N fluxes from the arable soils are relatively low. The very low soil NO3--N content throughout almost the entire growing season suggests that nitrification may be the main process producing N2O-N in the forest soil characterized a low soil pH. The study results indicate that conservation and sustainable management of forests constitute an effective way to mitigate the N2O-N emissions from the soil. Given the non-zero emission from the forest soils, we postulate a review of the algorithms employed for the approximation of the regional N2O-N emissions to properly reflect the impact of afforestation on the regional N2O-N emission.

The acidic peatlands of southern Brazil are essential for maintenance of the Atlantic Rain Forest, one of the 25 hot-spots of biodiversity in the world. While these ecosystems are closely linked to conservation issues, their microbial community ecology and composition remain unknown. In this work, histosol samples were collected from three acidic peatland regions during dry and rainy seasons and their chemical and microbial characteristics were evaluated. Culturing and culture-independent approaches based on SSU rRNA gene pyrosequencing were used to survey the bacterial community and to identify environmental factors affecting the biodiversity and microbial metabolic potential of the Brazilian peatlands. All acidic peatlands were dominated by the Acidobacteria phylum (56-22%) followed by Proteobacteria (28-12%). The OTU richness of these phyla and the abundance of their Gp1, Gp2, Gp3, Gp13, Rhodospirillales and Caulobacteriales members varied according to the period of collection and significantly correlated with the rainy season. However, despite changes in acidobacterial and proteobacterial communities, rainfall did not affect the microbial metabolic potential of the southern Brazilian Atlantic Rain Forest peatlands, as judged by the metabolic capabilities of the microbial community.

We studied patterns in the use of space for foraging and roosting by two frugivorous bat species in a five-year-old restored Atlantic forest located in a fragmented landscape in southeastern Brazil. Ten individuals of Carollia perspicillata and eleven individuals of Artibeus lituratus were monitored through radio-telemetry in five sampling sessions. Each session lasted 3–8 days for each individual, with an average of 25.4 ± 10 locations for each C. perspicillata individual and 19 ± 4.4 for each A. lituratus individual. We described an average range of 124.4 ha and an average commuting distance of 1158.8 m for A. lituratus and an average range and commuting distance of 32 ha and 489 m, respectively, for C. perspicillata. We demonstrated a consistent pattern in habitat use and movements for both studied species, where they strictly used forests (restored or not) for day roosting, roosting in the foliage of trees located only in secondary forest remnants and restored areas, while restored areas were their main feeding habitat. We demonstrate that newly restored forests can be readily incorporated as foraging and roosting habitats by these species, and that C. perspicillata alters its roosting behavior in relation to preferred food availability. These results, when combined with data on the diet of the studied species, show consistent evidence of the potential that bats have to improve species diversity of anthropogenic plantings with their own natural seed dispersal.

Governance structures are urgently needed to promote forest landscape restoration (FLR). In light of recent commitments to mitigate climate change and conserve biodiversity, international organizations are calling for vast areas of land to be restored over the next few decades. At the landscape level, for restoration to be adopted and sustained, it must be attractive to multiple stakeholders with diverse goals that unfold over different spatial and temporal scales. Thus, restoring forest landscapes inherently involves interactions between many levels and types of organizations, institutions, and stakeholders. As a global paradigm, FLR is a relatively new idea, and governance structures required to facilitate and sustain it over time are not obvious. But fortunately, examples of successfully governing FLR can be found in different contexts around the world, with lessons for restoration efforts elsewhere. In this paper, we summarize the differences and similarities between FLR and previous interventions (ecological restoration, forest conservation, and so on) and the specific governance challenges it presents. We then provide an overview of case reports illustrating innovative governance structures that have contributed to successful FLR, presented in this special issue in the journal World Development Perspectives. Cases at the local, national, and multinational levels include new governance institutions or arrangements that have supported landscape restoration in a given context, and the innovative use of existing governance structures to produce landscape-level forest restoration. Collectively, these cases demonstrate that successful governance approaches should be people-centered, adaptable to local contexts and needs, engage a range of stakeholders across different scales and sectors, and be flexible to incorporate local practices and ideas, and changes in these over time. Cases present a range of models and techniques for fostering these conditions, and acheiving forest restoration at the landscape scale.

Pine forests managed for economic return comprise 19% of southeastern U. S. forests and can provide vegetation structure and composition necessary for many wildlife species adapted to open pine conditions. However, in the absence of frequent fire and other disturbance in southeastern pine (Pinus spp.) forests, midstory hardwoods create closed canopy conditions limiting value of pine stands for many endemic, disturbance-adapted wildlife species. Limitations of past research investigating exact mechanisms for producing and maintaining open pine conditions in managed pine systems have led to a paucity of information regarding ecoregion applications and outcomes. This study evaluated (1) to what extent managed pine stands replicate open pine structural conditions and (2) to what extent managed pine stands provide habitat for the gopher tortoise, an open pine keystone species. We used summary statistics from existing literature to identify structural metrics provided by managed loblolly pine (P. taeda) stands and compared them to disturbance-maintained open pine woodlands. We used spatially-explicit forest management simulations to determine amount and configuration of open pine woodland conditions within two large (>9000 ha), economically-feasible managed pine landscapes in the East and West Gulf Coastal Plains ecoregions. As a case study, we estimated availability and connectivity of gopher tortoise (Gopherus polyphemus) habitat, in managed pine stands of the East Gulf Coastal Plains. Pine stands planted at ≤1310 stems/ha (≤530 stems/ac) provide up to four years of “excellent” open pine condition for wildlife following commercial thinning, based on desired conditions for southern pine forests, with temporal availability depending on site quality. Mid-rotation applications of prescribed fire and selective herbicide can extend “excellent” open pine condition initiated by commercial thinning up to an additional four years. Landscape metrics indicated that, under typical management practices, open pine stands can be spatially and temporally connected to the extent necessary to facilitate among-patch movement for many open pine-adapted species of conservation concern. Our landscape analyses indicated tortoises using primarily regenerating and thinned stands potentially can have a relatively even flow of suitable habitat conditions and opportunities to move to adjacent or nearby open stands when currently-occupied stands reach canopy closure. The disturbance regimes inherent in pine plantation management create diverse landscapes that conserve plant and wildlife biodiversity while meeting economic objectives. Therefore, pine plantations may complement current conservation efforts for open pine woodland species dependent on or tolerant of large-scale disturbance and shifting habitat conditions while offering refuge for high vagility species.

Study RegionSão Paulo State, Brazil.Study FocusThis study assessed the influence of forest plantations on streamflow in a gauged catchment (85 ha), covered with fast-growing Eucalyptus sp. plantations. One strategy for reducing the effects of plantations on streamflow is to reduce the area of a catchment occupied by forest, and in this context, our objectives were to simulate the effects on streamflow of different proportions of forest cover (70%, 50% and 0% of the forest cover). Moreover, we used low-flow indices (Q90 and 7Q10) to examine the effects of such scenarios on water availability for downstream users.New Hydrological InsightsFast-growing forest plantation areas have been expanding globally, with simultaneously increasing concerns about the water consumption of these forests, especially in water-limited regions with consequences for downstream users. Simulations of scenarios with varying forest cover proportions showed an annual streamflow increase of 90% when clear-cutting had removed the forest cover in the catchment. The 100% forest cover scenario produced rates of streamflow below the low flow indices, resulting in less water availability for downstream water users. The reduction in forest cover proportion at the catchment scale promoted an attenuation of water use. Therefore, forest plantation management should adopt management strategies such as regulating the forest cover proportion to minimize the effects on water supply for downstream water users.

In the context of fragmented global forest governance, Sustainable Forest Management (SFM) has gained force as a strategy to improve forest conditions and livelihood outcomes. Accordingly, SFM related ideas and norms are translated across different environmental domains, levels of governance, and social-ecological systems. This article discusses how SFM related rules, norms, and discourses are translated from the global to the domestic level of Brazil. Results show how international forest governance is translated to multiple forest policy contexts of Brazil. First, international conventions related to forest lead to specific translations of SFM into national policies. Second, international discourses on SFM have failed to have much influence on the main piece of domestic forest legislation, the Brazilian Forest Code. Third, the confluence of international ideas and norms of SFM with the social-ecological systems of different Brazilian forest biomes produces a set of very different SFM translations on the domestic level. We conclude that translations of SFM, from the global to the domestic level, are shaped by domestic policy and social-ecological systems. Thus, the role of domestic policies and the specificity of forest ecosystems deserve more attention in global forest governance than is currently the case.

We developed a preliminary fish-based multimetric index (MMI) to assess biotic condition of Atlantic Rain Forest streams in Southeastern Brazil. We used least-disturbed sites as proxies of reference conditions for metric development. To determine the disturbance gradient we used an Integrated Disturbance Index (IDI) that summarized the multiple disturbances measured at local/regional catchment scales in a single index, describing the totality of exposure of the streams to human pressures. For our 48 sites, nine were least-disturbed (IDI < 0.25), five were most-disturbed (IDI > 1.35) and 34 were intermediate. Initially, we considered 41 candidate metrics selected primarily from previous studies. We screened this pool of candidate metrics using a series of tests: range test, signal-to-noise test, correlation with natural gradients, responsiveness test, and redundancy test. After screening, we selected six metrics for the MMI: % Characiform individuals, % water column native individuals, % benthic invertivorous individuals, % tolerant species, % intolerant species, and % detritivorous individuals. Metrics such as diversity, dominance, species richness and biomass that have been historically used for assessing ecosystem condition failed one or more screening tests. We conclude that an IDI and rigorous metric screening are critical to the MMI development process and for meaningful assessments of stream condition.

Leaf litter anuran assemblages include both species that have terrestrial development and species that, during the breeding season, aggregate around bodies of water where their tadpoles develop. The resources used by these two groups in the leaf litter are likely to differ, as well as their sampled species richness, abundance and biomass as resource availability changes. We conducted a 12-month survey of leaf litter anuran assemblages at three forest areas in the largest Atlantic Forest remnant in the state of Minas Gerais in southeastern Brazil. Each month we estimated, based on capture rates, anuran species richness, abundance, and biomass as assemblage descriptors. We also measured variables that could potentially affect these descriptors in space and time: invertebrate litter fauna (abundance and richness of taxa), leaf litter biomass, and microclimatic conditions (air humidity, air and soil temperature, soil water content, and rainfall). We tested for differences in these variables among areas. We used general linear models to search for the variables that best explained variation in anuran abundance (based on capture rates) throughout the year. We analyzed species with terrestrial development (TD) and with aquatic larvae (AL) separately. We recorded 326 anurans of 15 species. Sampled anuran abundance (correlated to species richness and biomass) was explained by air humidity and/or invertebrate abundance for species with TD, and by soil water content or air humidity and leaf litter biomass for species with AL. The variability in the results of studies on leaf litter frogs that try to find variables to explain changes in community descriptors may be due to spatial variation of resources among areas and also to the fact that TD and AL species are frequently analyzed together, when in fact they are likely to show different responses to resources present in the leaf litter habitat, reflected on capture rates.

Forests are a critical resource, and need proper management in the face of dire climatic changes facing the world today. Advances in modelling system result in the formulation of numerous forest modelling approaches to provide an estimation of forests services. One such useful and straightforward forest modelling approach is process-based modelling, relying on physiological processes and biophysical parameters of forest ecosystems. It is based on parametric calculations and allometric equations, delivering crucial outputs for forest management. The dynamic 3-PG (Physiological Principles in Predicting Growth) is a process-based model (PBM) based on an ecosystem physiological process-based modelling approach. The various applications and flexible nature of the 3-PG model have resulted in its adoption and utilization over several regions of the world. The 3-PGS (Physiological Principles in Predicting Growth with Satellite) model is a modified and spatial version of the 3-PG model that took advantages of remote sensing & GIS (Geographical Information System) for estimation of biophysical variables like FAPAR (Fraction of absorbed photosynthetically active radiation), LAI (Leaf area index), and Canopy water content (CWC), which are tedious and laborious to calculate manually. The integration of remote sensing & GIS with PBMs offers insights to predict forest biomass and productivity at a regional level. Also, coupling of the 3-PG/3-PGS model with other modelling and statistical approaches in a GIS environment provides insights into the prediction of species distributions and potential disturbances due to climatic changes. The 3-PG model was originally designed for relatively homogenous forests; but with the recent development, the 3-PGmix has extended its use to mixed species forests. In this review, we have tried to emphasize the general overview, structure, applications, and efficacy of the process-based 3-PG model for forest management. In future, forests and their ecosystem services are expected to be rigorously influenced by climatic variations. Therefore, it is important to understand the role and effectiveness of the forest growth model 3-PG under the influence of climate change. The 3-PG model performs well for a diverse range of conditions for many forest types and species, and could be integrated with other models and approaches in order to widen its functions and applications. Areas such as Fertility Rating (FR), sensitivity and uncertainty of outputs to the model inputs in the 3-PG model requires attention to remove the weaker side, and to increase the effectiveness and accuracy of model outputs. In addition, the model performance can be improved by calculating its parameters from the population of interest, rather than using default values or values from extant literature. Furthermore, high-resolution remote sensing datasets and accurate input field data could increase the accuracy of the 3-PG/3-PGS model predictions at a broad regional level. In general, the simple forest growth model 3-PG delivers practical outputs, which are directly used in forest management. Additionally, the functions and applications of the 3-PG/3-PGS/3-PGmix model could be explored to deal with the impacts of climate change on forests and to ensure the sustainable management of forests.

Many woody bamboo species are forest understory plants that become invasive after disturbance. They can grow rapidly forming a dense, nearly monospecific understory that inhibits tree regeneration. The principal aim of this study was to understand what functional traits of bamboos allow them to outcompete tree seedlings and saplings and become successful species in the semideciduous Atlantic Forests of northeastern Argentina. We studied leaf and whole-plant functional traits of two bamboo species of the genus Chusquea and five co-occurring saplings of common tree species growing under similar solar radiation and soil nutrient availabilities. Nutrient addition had no effect on bamboo or tree sapling survival and growth after two years. Tree species with high-light requirements had higher growth rates and developed relatively thin leaves with high photosynthetic capacity per unit leaf area and short leaf life-span when growing in gaps, but had lower survival rates in the understory. The opposite pattern was observed in shade-tolerant species that were able to survive in the understory but had lower photosynthetic capacity and growth than light-requiring species in gaps. Bamboos exhibited a high plasticity in functional traits and leaf characteristics that enabled them to grow rapidly in gaps (e.g., higher photosynthetic capacity per unit dry mass and clonal reproduction in gaps than in the understory) but at the same time to tolerate closed-canopy conditions (they had thinner leaves and a relatively longer leaf life-span in the understory compared to gaps). Photosynthetic capacity per unit dry mass was higher in bamboos than in trees. Bamboo plasticity in key functional traits, such as clonal reproduction at the plant level and leaves with a relatively low C cost and high photosynthesis rates, allows them to colonize disturbed forests with consequences at the community and ecosystem levels. Increasing disturbance in some forests worldwide will likely enhance bamboo invasion resulting in profound negative impacts on forest diversity, structure and function in the long term.

Accurately mapping the spatial distribution of tree species in tropical environments provides valuable insights for ecologists and forest managers. This process may play an important role in reducing fieldwork costs, monitoring changes in canopy biodiversity, and locating parent trees to collect seeds for forest restoration efforts. However, mapping tree species in tropical forests with remote sensing data is a challenge because of high floristic and spectral diversity. In this research, we discriminated and mapped tree species in tropical seasonal semi-deciduous forests (Brazilian Atlantic Forest Biome) by using airborne hyperspectral and simulated multispectral data in the 450 to 2400 nm wavelength range. After quantifying the spectral variability within and among individual tree crowns of eight species, three supervised machine learning classifiers were applied to discriminate the species at the pixel level. Linear Discriminant Analysis outperformed Support Vector Machines with Linear and Radial Basis Function (RBF-SVMs) kernels and Random Forests in almost all the tested cases. An average classification accuracy of 70% was obtained when using the visible/near-infrared (VNIR, 450–919 nm) bands. The inclusion of shortwave infrared bands (SWIR, 1045–2400 nm) increased the accuracy to 84%. Narrow-band vegetation indices (VIs) were also tested and increased the classification accuracy by up to 5% when combined with VNIR features. Furthermore, the spectral bands of the WorldView-3 (WV-3) satellite sensor were simulated for classification purposes. WV-3 VNIR bands provided an accuracy of 57.4%, which increased to 74.8% when using WV-3 SWIR bands. We also tested the production of species maps by using an object-oriented approach that integrated a novel segmentation algorithm that was tailored to delineate tree crowns and label high class membership pixels inside each object. In this scenario, RBF-SVMs produced the best species maps, correctly identifying 84.9% of crowns with hyperspectral data and 78.5% with simulated WV-3 data. The use of a reduced set of hyperspectral bands, which were selected with stepwise regression, did not significantly affect the classification accuracies but allowed us to depict the most important wavelengths to discriminate the species. These wavelengths were located around the green reflectance peak (550 nm), at the red absorption feature (650 nm) and in the SWIR range at 1200, 1700, 2100 and 2300 nm. These encouraging results suggest the feasibility of the proposed approach for mapping pioneering and climax tree species in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest Biome, highlighting its potential use in forest recovery and inventory initiatives.

Information on tree species composition is crucial in forest management and can be obtained using remote sensing. While the topic has been addressed frequently over the last years, the remote sensing-based identification of tree species across wide and complex forest areas is still sparse in the literature. Our study presents a tree species classification of a large fraction of the Białowieża Forest in Poland covering 62 000 ha and being subject to diverse management regimes. Key objectives were to obtain an accurate tree species map and to examine if the prevalent management strategy influences the classification results. Tree species classification was conducted based on airborne hyperspectral HySpex data. We applied an iterative Support Vector Machine classification and obtained a thematic map of 7 individual tree species (birch, oak, hornbeam, lime, alder, pine, spruce) and an additional class containing other broadleaves. Generally, the more heterogeneous the area was, the more errors we observed in the classification results. Managed forests were classified more accurately than reserves. Our findings indicate that mapping dominant tree species with airborne hyperspectral data can be accomplished also over large areas and that forest management and its effects on forest structure has an influence on classification accuracies and should be actively considered when progressing towards operational mapping of tree species composition.

The allocation of forest land to different uses for ecosystem services (ES) is a complex task which is increasingly influenced by current urbanisation trends and the growth of the service-oriented economy. With the focus on cultural ES, this paper examines the principles that are intended to ensure the best cultural ES value in forest land use allocation. The analysis considers the co-creation process of cultural ES value and the trade-off between cultural and other categories of ES in an urban–rural context. A literature review of applied studies on forest land use allocation and ES is presented and research gaps are identified. Based on the findings of the review, two theoretical frameworks for an improved analysis of cultural ES value and land use allocation are suggested: the von Thünen location theory and service-dominant logic (SDL). Von Thünen showed that optimal land use is determined by the land rents for different alternative uses, which vary depending on distance from population centres. SDL, a theory from the field of marketing research, focuses on the role of skills and services – in addition to the traditional goods-related attributes – for the creation of customer value. This paper argues that a combination of the two frameworks can inspire future research and policymaking concerning forest land use allocation. The von Thünen framework highlights the role of local forest landscapes in proximity to population centres for creating cultural ES value. The SDL theory emphasises the co-creation of forest based cultural ES value that involves the forest ecosystem; beneficiaries of cultural ES value; and actors, who also are resource integrators (e.g. forest owners, planners, associations and other actors). Examples of applications of the two frameworks are given and both practical implications and limitations are discussed.

Sponge aggregations have been recognised as key component of shallow benthic ecosystems providing several important functional roles including habitat building and nutrient recycling. Within the deep-sea ecosystem, sponge aggregations may be extensive and available evidence suggests they may also play important functional roles, however data on their ecology, extent and distribution in the North Atlantic is lacking, hampering conservation efforts. In this study, we used Maximum Entropy Modelling and presence data for two deep-sea sponge aggregation types, Pheronema carpenteri aggregations and ostur aggregations dominated by geodid sponges, to address the following questions: 1) What environmental factors drive the broad-scale distribution of these selected sponge grounds? 2) What is the predicted distribution of these grounds in the northern North Atlantic, Norwegian and Barents Sea? 3) How are these sponge grounds distributed between Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs) and High Seas areas? 4) What percentage of these grounds in High Seas areas are protected by the current High Seas MPA network? Our results suggest that silicate concentration, temperature, depth and amount of particulate organic carbon are the most important drivers of sponge distribution. Most of the sponge grounds are located within national EEZs rather than in the High Seas. Coordinated conservation planning between nations with significant areas of sponge grounds such as Iceland, Greenland and Faroes (Denmark), Norway (coastal Norway and Svalbard), Portugal and the UK, should be implemented in order to effectively manage these communities in view of the increasing level of human activity within the deep-sea environment.

The German National Strategy on Biological Diversity (NBS) aims to establish wilderness areas on 2% of the German terrestrial territory by 2020, however wilderness areas in Germany currently only cover 0.6% of the total land area. Operationalizing the wilderness concept in densely populated countries like Germany where few primary habitats remain is challenging. In this study, we developed minimum criteria (including fragmentation, compactness and size) for forest wilderness areas and assessed their number, spatial distribution and extent for Germany. We tested their ecological representativeness in the main German ecoregions, their compatibility with ecological networks, overlaps with existing protected areas, and forest ownership. Our results revealed a potential for forest wilderness areas to cover 10.3% of the German terrestrial territory for candidate sites ≥1000 ha, which is reduced to 4.1% and 0.6% when applying larger minimum sizes (3000 ha; 10,000 ha). Candidate sites of ≥10,000 ha were restricted to mountainous regions (n = 12) and the less populated Northeast German Plain (n = 4). Forest ownership and protected areas designated to protect cultural landscapes further limit this potential. Our study is a first step toward the systematic planning for wilderness areas in Germany. It shows the country's potential to achieve its wilderness goals, if criteria are adapted to high infrastructure densities and rely on developing wilderness in currently used forests. Considering the number of forest areas that extend over national borders, concerted efforts at the European level could lead toward ecologically valuable networks of protected wilderness areas in Europe.

Pasture and grazing land is one of the dominant global land-uses in the Anthropocene. There are two broad strategies for preserving phylogenetic diversity (PD) within livestock regions: land sharing, which increases farmland heterogeneity at the expense of yield and forest cover, and land sparing, which increases forest cover and yields at the expense of farmland heterogeneity. We assessed the relative merits of the two strategies in the context of preserving dung beetle PD in twenty 1-km2 livestock landscapes in a Neotropical biodiversity hotspot. We calculated six complementary metrics of PD: phylogenetic richness (0D(T)), divergence (2D(T), MPD and MNTD) and structure (NRI and NTI). Dung beetle density varied irrespective of forest cover, cattle yield and farmland heterogeneity, but phylogenetic richness and divergence decreased in more deforested landscapes, resulting in reduced phylogenetic dispersion closer to the tips (i.e. higher relatedness within genera). Similarly, increased net cattle yield resulted in reduced phylogenetic richness and divergence (except MNTD), but had a weaker effect on phylogenetic structure. While farmland heterogeneity had no significant effect on phylogenetic metrics, model selection indicated that forest cover was more important than livestock intensification in determining dung beetle PD. To avoid losing evolutionary lineages of dung beetles and increase cattle yield, we recommend implementing land sparing in the region by concentrating cattle production—i.e. producing the same yield on a smaller area of land through intensification—to set aside more land for forest conservation.

The impact of extensive changes in land use and climate on species has led to an increasing focus on large-scale conservation planning. However, these plans are often static conservation prescriptions set against a backdrop of rapidly changing environments, which suggests that large-scale information on threats can improve the functionality of planning efforts. Jaguars (Panthera onca) are the focus of a range-wide conservation strategy extending from Mexico to Argentina that consists of jaguar conservation units (JCUs) and modeled corridors. Recent deforestation is a major threat to jaguar populations, but forest loss has not been systematically assessed across the entire jaguar network. In this study, we quantified the amount and rate of deforestation in JCUs and corridors between 2000 and 2012. JCUs lost 37,780 km2 forest (0.93%) at an increasing rate of 149.2 km2 yr−2, corridors lost 45,979 km2 (4.43%) at a decreasing rate of 40.1 km2 yr−2, and levels of forest fragmentation increased in corridors. Protected sections of JCUs and corridors lost less forest than unprotected sections, suggesting efforts to increase protected status of jaguar conservation areas are warranted. Higher deforestation in corridors indicates difficulties in maintaining connectivity of jaguar populations, and suggests the need for increased engagement with communities within corridor landscapes. Assessment of spatial variability of anthropogenic threats within the jaguar network may improve jaguar conservation by informing network prioritization and function.

New York City’s extensive municipal park system is home to forests, wetlands, and grasslands that provide important ecological and social benefits to the city’s population. While efforts and programs exist to restore and protect these spaces, management recommendations are complex due to variable conditions in urban natural areas. To advance the management of urban natural areas, the first comprehensive ecological assessment was conducted through a collaborative effort across 4000 ha of natural areas within New York City parkland. Field and spatial data were collected and analyzed to identify the extent of forests, the types of forests, and their conditions. This approach will help guide decision-making and prioritization of natural area management at the regional level by developing unique quantitative targets for urban forests. This project serves as an example of collaboration between private and public institutions advancing the governance of urban natural areas to achieve citywide conservation and policy goals.

The search for surrogates of changes in species richness and community structure in fragmented landscapes involves not only the selection of predictors, such as landscape metrics or environmental variables, but also the identification of the spatial scale that is most relevant to the taxa in question. However the heavily intercorrelated nature of many structural features in fragmented landscapes complicates analyses, and the wide variation in species responses prevents the identification of a general trend. In this study, we used a two-tiered hierarchical variation partitioning to identify the unique and shared effects of: 1 – changes in vegetation structure at the plot scale, patch structure (size and shape), and forest cover at the landscape scale; and 2 – variables within these scales; as predictors of species richness and species’ abundances of birds in a fragmented landscape of Atlantic Forest; with the goal of aiding to the development of biodiversity indicators. Birds were sampled with mist-nets with a constant effort of 680 net-h at each of 23 sites, which resulted in almost 2600 captures. At the community level, regression models showed that changes in plot, patch and landscape scale variables explained a large proportion of the variation in species richness, but results from variation partitioning showed that the intercorrelation among predictors was so high that the unique contribution of each was non-significant. Our results point to a relatively large unique effect of local and landscape scale variables at the community level, but we also show that results vary greatly depending on the trophic guild being analysed. At the species level, multiple scale models also presented high explanatory power, however, species responses were so varied that we could not detect a general trend. We conclude that there is no single ‘best’ scale that could function as a proxy for changes in bird communities because each species and functional guild is uniquely affected by the environment, and suggest that efforts should be focused on finding indicators that encompasses all scales and the needs of different taxa.

Most bioassessment programs in Brazil face difficulties when scaling up from small spatial scales because larger scales usually encompass great environmental variability. Covariance of anthropogenic pressures with natural environmental gradients can be a confounding factor in the evaluation of biologic responses to anthropogenic pressures. The objective of this study was to develop a multimetric index (MMI) with macroinvertebrates for two stream types and two ecoregions in the Atlantic Forest biome in Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil. We hypothesized that by using two approaches – (1) testing and adjusting metrics to landscape parameters, and (2) selecting metrics using a cluster analysis to avoid metrics redundancy – the final MMI would perform better than the traditional approach (unadjusted metrics, one metric representing each category). Four MMIs were thus developed: MMI-1 – adjusted MMI with metrics selected after cluster analysis); MMI-2 – adjusted MMI with one metric from each category; MMI-3 – unadjusted MMI with metrics selected after cluster analysis; MMI-4 – unadjusted MMI with one metric from each category. We used three decision criteria to assess MMI’s performance: precision, responsiveness and sensitivity. In addition, we tested the MMI’s by using an independent set of sites to validate the results. Although all MMIs performed well in the three criteria, adjusting metrics to natural variation increased MMI response and sensitivity to impairment. In addition, the selected MMI-2 was able to classify sites of two stream types and two ecoregions. The use of cluster analysis, however, did not avoid high redundancy between metrics of different branches. The MMI-4 had the poorest performance among all tested MMIs and it was not able to distinguish adequately reference and impaired sites from both ecoregions. We present some considerations on the use of metrics and on the development of MMI’s in Brazil and elsewhere.

Six Atlantic forest reserves, two large (c. 20,000 ha each), two medium-sized (c. 2,000 ha each) and two small (c. 200 ha each), located in northern Espı́rito Santo, south-eastern Brazil were censused for mammals from October 1994 to April 1996. Diurnal and nocturnal line-transect sampling was used for censusing mammals>1 kg body weight, and the relative abundance of species in the six fragments was compared. The number of mammal species recorded in the reserves was strongly related to the forest area, the richest community being recorded in the two large reserves and the poorest in the two small reserves. The large reserves had a structurally more complex community, with top predators, large, terrestrial frugivores and large myrmecophages. The mammal community of the small and the medium-sized reserves was impoverished and less complex. Frugivores were numerically predominant in both large and medium-sized reserves, whereas herbivores dominated the mammal community of the small reserves, mainly through the absence of agoutis Dasyprocta leporina and the high density of maned sloth Bradypus torquatus in the two small reserves. The lack of predators and the proliferation of secondary vegetation and lianas throughout the small reserves are probably the main causes for the success of arboreal folivores there. Illegal hunting was found to reduce the encounter rates of mostly large, terrestrial frugivores such as agoutis, pacas Agouti paca, peccaries Pecari tajacu and Tayassu pecari and deer Mazama spp., and is contributing to keep the population of the surviving species low.

Cocoa agroforests are a common farming system in the humid zone of West and Central Africa, in which forest trees provide shade and other environmental services as well as marketable products. To determine the extent of these benefits, data were collected in nine cocoa farms located in three major cocoa producing local government areas (LGAs) in Ondo State. Reserved natural forests located in each of the three LGAs were also sampled in a group of three plots of 0.0625 ha (25 m × 25 m) per forest reserve. All trees other than cocoa in the cocoa farms and all trees with a diameter at breast height (dbh) greater than or equal to 10 cm in the forest reserves were identified and measured. A total of 21 ha of cocoa farms and 0.56 ha of natural forest were surveyed. In the 21 ha of cocoa agroforests surveyed 487 non-cocoa trees belonging to 45 species and 24 families were encountered. While the tree density (23 trees/ha) is much greater than in some other farming systems, it represents only about 8.4% of that found in 0.56 ha of nearby natural forest (276 trees/ha), which contained 163 individual trees of 62 species in 29 families. A very high proportion (86.8%) of the trees in the cocoa farms were edible fruit trees. Cocoa agroforests are therefore less diverse and less dense than the reserved natural forest but are enriched with exotic and indigenous fruit tree species producing fruits and other Agroforestry Tree Products (AFTPs) that meet the needs of the farming households.

We studied the importance of fragment size and structural and functional connectivity on the occurrence and abundance of seven Atlantic Forest bird species in 13 patches (13–275 ha) and three sites within a continuous forest (10,000 ha). We sampled birds with point counts and evaluated structural connectivity considering the presence of corridors and the degree of isolation. We defined functional connectivity by analyzing species movements using playbacks in forest corridors between fragments and in the surrounding matrix. Species differed in their responses to fragmentation. For the frugivorous species, Trogon surrucura, Carpornis cucullatus and Triclaria malachitacea, patch size was the main factor determining abundance. Two understory insectivorous species, Basileuterus leucoblepharus and Pyriglena leucoptera, were more affected by the degree of patch connectivity, the former by the presence of corridors and the latter by the distance between patches. The capacity of P. leucoptera to use corridors and open areas (i.e. functional connectivity) shaped its abundance pattern. Fragmentation had no effect on the abundance of Chiroxiphia caudata and had a positive effect on Batara cinerea. This study emphasizes the importance of considering species’ perceptions of landscape, especially functional connectivity, in understanding the effects of habitat fragmentation.

Restoration of degraded ecosystems is essential for the conservation of global biodiversity. In southern Brazil, the Araucaria forest is a highly reduced and fragmented ecosystem of the Atlantic Forest Biome, and restoration is recommended for the conservation of both Araucaria forest and Araucaria angustifolia, an endangered conifer of this ecosystem. Thus, knowledge about seed collection sites, criteria for the maintenance of genetic diversity, and adaptive potential of seeds is crucial to restoration success. Therefore, this study aimed to identify priority areas for seed collection of A. angustifolia based on its previously known genetic, demographic and geographic characteristics. To accomplish this, the density of reproductive individuals of A. angustifolia associated with a probability of reproduction (50% or 90%) was extrapolated to all the Araucaria forest fragments from Santa Catarina state (SC), Brazil. Then, we estimated which forest fragments would be suitable for seed collection based on average values of fine scale genetic structure (FSGS) and the number of sampled seed trees for which different effective population sizes (100 or 1000) could be retained. Despite high fragmentation, some forest fragments remain suitable as seed source for restoration. However, using strict criteria, only 4.1% of the fragments could be deemed suitable. Collectively, our results represent a starting point for policymakers concerned with identifying restoration areas for endangered species, in particular, the criteria for seed collection of A. angustifolia.

Renewable energy sources are expected to represent a growing proportion of the primary energy sources for the production of electricity. Environmental and social reasons support this tendency. European and Spanish energy plans assign a role of primary importance to biomass in general and, especially, to forest biomass for the period up to 2010. This paper reviews, organises and quantifies the potentials and values of this renewable resource in the foremost Spanish Region in terms of silviculture. The non-market externalities (environmental, economic and social) are classified, and some of them are quantified to present a synthesis of the benefits of a partial substitution of fossil fuels by forest biomass for electricity generation.

Fleas from the Paranaense Forest in northeastern Argentina are studied. Herein we provided a list of specimens identified, which includes host species and geographical distribution for each taxa, as well as some comments on the morphology, distribution and epidemiological importance when available. The following eight species and subspecies of fleas belonging to four families were identified: Ctenocephalides felis felis (Pulicidae), Craneopsylla minerva minerva (Stephanocircidae), Polygenis (Polygenis) platensis, Polygenis (Polygenis) roberti beebei, Polygenis (Neopolygenis) pradoi, Polygenis (Neopolygenis) pygaerus (Rhopalopsyllidae), Adoratopsylla (Adoratopsylla) antiquorum antiquorum, and Adoratopsylla (Tritopsylla) intermedia intermedia (Ctenophthalmidae). The results obtained increase to eleven the known diversity of fleas in the Argentinean Paranaense Forest area. Seven new flea-host associations are reported for the first time. In addition, all the species and subspecies are mentioned for the first time for the province of Misiones. Besides, the results contribute to the knowledge of mammal ectoparasites and to their biodiversity of the Province, necessary to a better understanding of their role as parasites themselves and vectors of zoonotic importance.

Monitoring and evaluating forest restoration projects is a challenge especially in large-scale, but the remote monitoring of indicators with the use of synoptic, multispectral and multitemporal data allows us to gauge the restoration success with more accurately and in small time. The objective of this study was to elaborate and compare methods of remote monitoring of forest restoration using Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) data and multispectral imaging from Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) camera, in addition to comparing the efficiency of supervised classification algorithms Maximum Likelihood (ML) and Random Forest (RF). The study was carried out in a restoration area with about 74 ha and five years of implementation, owned by Fibria Celulose S.A., in the southern region of Bahia State, Brazil. We used images from Canon S110 NIR (green, red, Near Infrared) on UAV and LIDAR data composition (intensity image, Digital Surface Model, Digital Terrain Model, normalized Digital Surface Model). The monitored restoration indicator was the land cover separated in three classes: canopy cover, bare soil and grass cover. The images were classified using the ML and RF algorithms. To evaluate the accuracy of the classifications, the Overall Accuracy (OA) and the Kappa index were used, and the last was compared by Z test. The area occupied by different land cover classes was calculated using ArcGIS and R. The results of OA, Kappa and visual evaluation of the images were excellent in all combinations of the imaging methods and algorithms analyzed. When Kappa values for the two algorithms were compared, RF presented better performance than ML with significant difference, but when sensors (UAV camera and LIDAR) were compared, there were no significant differences. There was little difference between the area occupied by each land cover classes generated by UAV and LIDAR images. The highest cover was generated for canopy cover followed by grass cover and bare soil in all classified images, indicating the need of adaptive management interventions to correct the area trajectory towards the restoration success. The methods employed in this study are efficient to monitor restoration areas, especially on a large scale, allowing us to save time, fieldwork and invested resources.

AimsWe carried out vegetation studies in the ancient Hasbruch forest, which provided the unique conditions of unmanaged (UM) and managed (M) stands in two vegetation types Stellario-Carpinetum loniceretosum (POOR) and stachyetosum (RICH) stands in one closed forest allowing us to study (1) the changes in species composition and richness over 20 years considering the entire forest as well as (2) group-specific changes.LocationHasbruch forest in the lowlands of Lower Saxony, Germany.MethodsIn 2016 we resurveyed the vascular plant species composition of 79 semi-permanent plots analysed in 1996. General and group-specific trends as well as drivers of changes were analysed using DCA, PCA, LM, t-test, U test, ANOVA.ResultsTree and shrub layer coverage increased significantly in the entire forest. Herb layer species richness decreased significantly only in group RICH_UM. While the pH-value increased significantly in group POOR, it decreased significantly in group B. EIV F increased significantly in group POOR_M and decreased significantly in group RICH_UM. EIV L increased significantly in both of the managed groups, while it decreased significantly in group RICH_UM. An increase was found for EIV N in group POOR_M, whereas a decrease was found in group RICH_M. Strongly increasing species were Ilex aquifolium, Rubus fruticosus agg. and Hedera helix; strongly decreasing species Geum urbanum and Primula elatior. The change in species richness was positively affected by ΔpH and negatively affected by ΔT1cov in the entire forest.ConclusionsThe main drivers for changes in species richness and composition in the Hasbruch forest were light and water availability. The effects of the drivers strongly depended on the vegetation type. Changes in species composition were more pronounced in nutrient-rich forests than on nutrient-poor sites. In nutrient-rich forests, decreased groundwater influence led to decreased soil pH which especially affected typical woodland plants in a negative way. Management positively affected light-demanding species as well as some N-demanding species. Thus, unmanaged, nutrient-rich stands displayed the highest losses in species diversity. In the nutrient-poor stands, changes in species composition were not significantly related to changes in soil and management. However, increasing pH as well as increased Ellenberg L, F, and N values suggest a tendency towards eutrophication. This is possibly a consequence of N deposition and recovery from soil acidification.

The Caatinga biome has been identified as one of the important wilderness areas on earth. However, less than 1% of the region is under strictly legal protection although Seasonally Dry Tropical Forests (SDTFs) are globally highly endangered. There is an urgent need to increase the understanding of diversity pattern and threaten status of Caatinga plant species to preserve the unique biodiversity and protect endangered species. Species distribution modelling (SDM) can support strategic decisions in nature conservation for poorly researched tropical regions. This study provides the first highly representative, spatially explicit overview of plant diversity and threat status for the entire Caatinga, a semi-arid area in Northeast Brazil. For this purpose, we developed (a) a stacked species distribution modelling (S-SDM) approach to predict quantitatively floristic species richness and patterns of threatened plant species and (b) a combined approach of diversity hot spots and hubs of threatened species to derive conservation importance units (CIU) to contribute to improved nature reserve management. We applied the modelling technique MaxEnt to establish predictive distribution models with 22 uncorrelated predictors including climate, topography, solar radiation and soil information at a high spatial resolution of 30 arc-seconds (approx. 1 km). Spatial patterns of species richness and threat status were derived by stacking 1062 plant species and 27 endangered species, respectively. These outputs were compared to two levels of protected areas (Brazilian and international standards) and intensive human land use patterns to define a set of recommendations for conservation management. Our complementary S-SDM approach showed that our predicted CIUs covered an area of 24% across the entire biome, whereas only 7% of the Caatinga is currently protected based on the Brazilian standards. We found that apart from an excellent overlap of 38% between CIUs and the current protected areas, a substantial proportion of CIUs (89%) was predicted outside the existing reserve network. Moreover, our findings enable targeted surveys to be done in order to enhance conservation efforts and ensure the efficient use of available resources in this poorly studied tropical region. Future upcoming local and regional studies could focus on a multi-taxonomic approach including e.g. insects, reptiles or mammals as a holistic perspective towards biodiversity conservation.

The Atlantic rain forest of Brazil is one of the 25 biodiversity hotspots of the world. It is surrounded by distinct marginal plant communities which are floristically related to the rain forest. We performed an in situ ecophysiological study of six shrub and tree species which are abundant in one or more of these marginal ecosystems. They formed three pairs of taxonomically related species, which, however, differed in geographic distribution and/or habitat preference. We aimed to answer the following questions: (1) Do habitat generalists and specialists differ in ecophysiological behaviour? (2) Are there general trends responsive to site characteristics, irrespective of taxonomic affiliation? (3) In which variables between-site intraspecific variation is more often detected? Plants chosen were the Clusiaceae Calophyllum brasiliense Cambess (swamp forest specialist) and Rheedia brasiliensis (Mart.) Planch & Triana (a generalist plant, occurring in swamp forests and dry, sandy coastal vegetation); the Myrsinaceae Myrsine parvifolia A.DC. (widespread in sandy plains) and Myrsine gardneriana A.DC. (widespread in high-altitude habitats); and the Euphorbiaceae Styllingia dichotoma Muell. Arg. (a coastal inselberg specialist) and Croton compressus Lam. (a generalist found in coastal inselbergs and dry forests). We compared measurements of photosynthesis (chlorophyll fluorescence parameters), stable isotope (δ13C, δ15N) and metabolic carbon and nitrogen compounds. Generalists and specialists did not always differ in ecophysiological behaviour: for instance, while widespread generalists such as M. parvifolia and C. compressus were ecophysiologically versatile, R. brasiliense appeared to perform below optimum in all sampled habitats. Light and water were abiotic factors which apparently explained most of the variation found. Overall, ecophysiological responses were often more clearly related to individual species rather than to taxonomic affinities in higher hierarchies (family, genus) or habitat. These results are discussed as a further indication of high biodiversity even in habitats marginal to the rain forest hotspot.

Fluxes of solutes for two small catchments with contrasting deposition loads (polluted and natural) in the Atlantic Forest (Serra do Mar/SP-Brazil) were computed for rainfall, throughfall, soil water and stream flow (December 1999 until May 2002). One catchment (URBAN) is inside the largest metropolis of South America (São Paulo city) and the other (REFERENCE) is located inside the Serra do Mar State Park. The determined species in solution were: Na+, K+, Mg2+, Ca2+, NH4+, Cl−, NO3- and SO42-. The rainfall fluxes indicate that in the URBAN catchment NO3- deposition is mainly responsible for the rainfall acidity while in the REFERENCE there is no sign of acidic deposition. The net fluxes in throughfall are derived from dry deposition and rainwater interaction with the canopy and indicate a significant difference in the nutritional status of the vegetation. In the REFERENCE catchment the natural cycles are in equilibrium. This is indicated by the Cl− input–output relationship and, therefore, this area can actually be used as a reference for small catchment comparative studies. The exports of base cations from the URBAN catchment are high mainly due to the presence of high amounts of strong acid anions in the input. The nutrient input–output relationship for the URBAN forest presents a strong indication that atmospheric pollution is acidifying the drainage waters and damaging the vegetation. This acidification will lead to vegetation decline that, after a certain time, will make the forest susceptible to illnesses, droughts and insect attacks.

The long timeframes involved in woodland regeneration and adaptation introduce considerable uncertainty into management and conservation planning as most ecological datasets span only a small part of ecosystem dynamics. This is a particular concern in vulnerable habitats, such as Atlantic birch-oak woods in north-western Britain, where range edge populations are at risk from herbivory and climate change. This study combines historical palaeoecology and stakeholder observations to assess how multiple perspectives can inform existing models, expectations and goals for Atlantic woodland management. Long-term evidence for changing woodland composition addresses stakeholder uncertainties over the currently restricted distribution of oak, alder and hazel. Oak has remained a secondary component of birch-dominated woods and habitat definitions based on oak are too narrow to ensure sustainability. Birch has survived numerous periods of climatic and biotic adversity and shows the strongest positive response to historic reductions in grazing pressure. This has led to a pulse of regeneration since c. AD 1900, so current restoration efforts are taking place within the strongest period of woodland expansion in the last c. 500 years. Positive and negative cultural legacies are evident and intervention is considered a necessary restoration tool. Managed grazing at key stages of habitat development can support continued recruitment and regeneration. A more flexible and integrated management approach is recommended. Long-term ecology can provide direction and address uncertainties, while ecological and stakeholder evidence provide the detail necessary to develop effective management that incorporates ecosystem perspectives. This can help shape management strategies that balance possible conflicts over perceived short-term ‘damage’ to secure longer-term processes. Learning based on multiple temporal perspectives has the potential to contribute to conservation and restoration planning and practice. These principles are more widely applicable in adaptive management.

Amazonia (sensu lato) is by far the largest tropical forest region, but has succumbed to the highest absolute rates of tropical deforestation and forest degradation, driven by rapid frontier expansion, road-building, and spontaneous or government-subsidized migration. The large area-through-time and paleo-climatic stability of Amazonian forests may help explain the high regional to local scale plant and animal species diversity of true forest specialists and high ecological sensitivity to contemporary land-use change. We describe the prevailing forms of anthropogenic disturbance that affect forest organisms in the context of the geographic and evolutionary background that has shaped the degree to which forest species may be resilient to environmental change. The fate of Amazonian biodiversity will partly depend upon the interaction between land-use and climate change, and the extent to which seasonally-dry forests can retain immunity against catastrophic recurrent wildfires. This review illustrates the importance of considering interactions between different forms of forest disturbance to develop effective conservation policy. We conclude with some considerations of the policy agenda necessary to protect forest cover and forest biodiversity at a meaningful scale across the Amazonian biome.

Land-use change influences biodiversity in non-random ways, affecting some species and functional groups more than others, with potential implications for the loss or degradation of important ecological processes, such as seed dispersal. Here we investigate the effect of patch-size reduction on the composition and functional richness (FRic) of avian communities in Atlantic Forest fragments, focusing on morphological traits associated with seed dispersal in frugivorous birds. We found that FRic of three key traits—hand-wing index, body mass and gape width—decreased with patch size reduction, because species with larger values for morphological traits were lost through local extinction. The relative absence of large-gaped and more-dispersive frugivores in small forest fragments has important implications because these species play a pivotal role in seed dispersal, carrying higher seed loads for longer distances, and consuming larger-sized seeds that cannot be dispersed by smaller-gaped frugivores. Our results highlight the importance of preserving large or interconnected habitat patches, and promoting habitat restoration of cleared areas, to ensure that sufficient avian functional diversity is maintained to supply the full range of seed dispersal services required by tropical forests, both currently and in future.

A lack of ecological knowledge leads to innovative tools for investigating spatial relationships in natural forests, among which geostatistics stands out as a set of statistical techniques for modeling and mapping. Thus, this paper aims to apply geostatistical analysis to map and correlate the spatial patterns and dynamics of the basal area for successional tree species groups in a Mixed Tropical Forest remnant in the southern part of Brazil. The floristic composition was obtained through continuous inventory conducted in 400 plots, where the basal area was evaluated for total stock and ecological groups: pioneer, early secondary, late secondary and climax. Subsequently, geostatistical analysis was used for modeling the spatial patterns of the basal area, and ordinary kriging interpolation was applied to compose thematic maps. The results show that the forest structure presents spatial dependence and heterogeneous distribution, in which the spatial behavior of successional tree groups is associated with species aggregation patterns. Moreover, spatial dynamics are influenced by basal area increment, in which spatial changes indicate a natural forest in an advanced secondary successional stage, reflecting a favorable conservation status. This shows the importance of Conservation Units policies as preservation strategies and biodiversity sources for forest restoration.

Anthropogenic fires have strong impacts in tropical rainforests that are not necessarily restricted to the burnt areas, as edge influence from the burnt patch may significantly alter the unburnt vegetation. Conversely, the remaining forest patches may mitigate changes in microclimate in the adjacent burnt areas. We studied variation in air and soil temperature in burnt and unburnt areas in the Atlantic forest of southern Bahia, Brazil. In November-December 2017, approx. two years after a series of wildfires, we sampled six transects at three burnt-unburnt edges, placing soil and temperature data loggers at the edge and at 20, 60, and 120 m into the burnt and unburnt areas and keeping them there for seven days. One data logger of each pair was buried at a depth of 3 cm and the other was kept at a height of 1 m above ground in a protective case. Air in the burnt area was cooler than in the forest at night and warmer in the morning, whereas soil was cooler than in the forest at night and early morning and warmer in the afternoon. We did not observe gradients in air or soil temperature, but soil temperature was more variable in the burnt area than in the unburnt forest. Conversely, notwithstanding the differences between diurnal and noctural temperatures, daily average, minimum and maximum air temperature varied little between the environments, possibly due to shading by bracken fern in the burnt areas. The variation in soil temperature is likely due to changes in vegetation structure, as the bracken fern does not provide as much shade and temperature control as the native forest canopy. Thus, even in the absence of strong effects on air temperature, changes in the temporal and spatial variability of soil temperature may be observed, with possible consequences for plant recruitment and soil organisms.

Prescribed fire is commonly used as a tool to meet a range of forest management goals. Owing to their limited movement abilities, terrestrial turtles are likely to be at high risk of injury and mortality, and to experience other fitness consequences with population-level implications from fire. Using radiotelemetry, we studied the responses of Eastern Box Turtles, Terrapene carolina carolina, to prescribed fire management in a sandhills Longleaf Pine forest system over a five-year period and compared our results to a nearby population in an unburned coastal plain location. Individual variation in turtle survival was strongly dependent on how frequently and extensively the areas were burned, with annual survival rates of 94.5% in unburned areas decreasing to 45.9% in the most extensively burned areas. Turtles at the fire-maintained sandhills site had annual survival rates 4.9% less than at the unburned coastal plain site, and females had annual survival rates 6.8% less than males. Survival varied seasonally, with greatest mortality rates in winter and spring, especially among females. Growth rates and body condition did not differ between sites, nor did they vary according to fire extent and frequency at the fire-maintained site. Although mortality was greater and spatially variable at the fire- maintained site, annual survival rates across the site (86–90% for females and males, respectively) were comparable to other stable populations of T. carolina. The lesser than expected mortality rate at the fire-maintained site was likely the result of turtles’ strong selection of mesic hardwood forests near bottomlands and streams – habitats that may serve as refugia from fire. In areas where T. carolina conservation is a priority, land managers should integrate maintenance of fire refuge habitats into burn planning to minimize unintended negative impacts to this imperiled species.

The large-scale forest restoration pledges made by many Latin American countries are expected to be mostly implemented in rural areas, where competition for land with agriculture and lack of farmer engagement may prevent forest expansion. Planning for forest restoration actions must combine policy-driven approaches (top-down) that set national and regional targets, with site-specific objectives based on the socio-political context and local needs (bottom-up). Here we present five case studies from projects in Latin America that were conducted in different social and legal contexts, but shared the use of riparian-forest buffers as a focal point for forest restoration in rural landscapes. These cases illustrate how focusing on riparian buffers may help bridge top-down and bottom-up approaches when planning forest restoration in rural landscapes of Latin America. In some cases, restoration actions were motivated by economic incentives and legal compliance whereas in others they were driven by societal demands. We propose that riparian forest buffers deserve special consideration as a suitable place to begin bridging the gap between national-scale restoration commitments and local-scale use and production needs, while facilitating the participation of all stakeholders in both the planning and implementation processes.

Understanding how bryophytes respond to management gradients in temperate forests is an important issue for their conservation and has major implications for forest management. This is especially true for western Pyrenean silver fir-beech forests, where high bryophyte turnover, as well as species loss, has been reported in the last 30 years. This study is the first to explore bryophyte diversity patterns across western Pyrenean silver fir-beech forests with different management intensities. Our specific aims were to determine the main drivers of bryophyte richness and turnover and explore which bryophyte species can be used as indicators of management intensity. The effect of management was assessed on the overall bryophyte diversity as well as on the bryophyte groups based on taxonomy, life cycle strategy, sensitivity to forest management intensity and habitat preference. Bryophyte diversity was analyzed by generalized linear mixed models and multiple regression analysis on distance matrices. The results suggest that bryophyte richness in the Pyrenean forests is decreasing with intensive forest management. The bryophyte richness decrease on highly disturbed stands can be attributed to a loss of suitable microhabitats, such as large trees. Elevational gradient, as a proxy of climatic factors, is also an important driver of bryophyte species richness in the studied area. Long-lived and epiphytic bryophytes decreased on steep slopes. Turnover was driven by elevation and percentage of large gaps, which might be linked with forest management. The results also suggest that Dierssen's classification of bryophytes regarding sensitivity to forest management is not suitable for the evaluation of the effects of forest management in the studied region. Our main recommendation for bryophyte conservation is to avoid intensive forest management and to minimize the forest practices in steep slopes which are prone to soil erosion.

Defaunation, invasive species and forest fragmentation are considered to be the major drivers for the disruption of key ecological processes, particularly those related to plant animal-interactions such as seed dispersal and predation. The disruption of critical phases in the plant life cycle may ultimately have negative impacts on plant recruitment and the survival of plant populations. Here, for the first time we compared the seed removal and recruitment of Araucaria angustifolia, a critically endangered and relictual gymnosperm species, in multiple sites, including continuous and fragmented forest areas in the Brazilian Atlantic subtropical forest. Our sampling included seed removal experiment monitored by camera traps and surveys of A. angustifolia recruitment. We found that seed survival and recruitment were related to the density of adult A. angustifolia. Therefore the formation of large and dense groves, which is a characteristic of pristine Araucaria moist forests endangered by forest fragmentation and selective logging, may be an attempt to satiate seed predator communities. Additionally, forest fragmentation and the introduction of wild boar decreased seed survival to very low, and forest fragmentation decreased recruitment by fourfold on average. Increase protection and recuperation of Araucaria moist forests and the eradication of the invasive wild boar where possible are necessary measures for increasing seed survival rates and the recruitment of this relictual conifer.

Universal features of ecological processes have mathematical properties that are naturally nonlinear and intricate, hitherto oftentimes approximated only by mathematical equations. We aimed to evaluate via mathematical modeling different scenarios of productivity and frugivory of Acca sellowiana (Feijoa) by vertebrates in the highlands of the subtropical Atlantic Forest. In doing so, based on an empirical baseline of mutualistic interactions, we simulated defaunation, species reintroduction and variations in resource production to understand the spatiotemporal dynamics of interactions within the network. We utilized empirical data of interactions obtained via camera traps from 2015 to 2016. We performed frugivory simulations based on the use of predator-prey models with the addition of exponential, logistical and structured growth. We evaluated 13 deterministic and stochastic models of frugivory and numerically compared the fruits removal rates among the models and empirical data. We conducted a weighted network formality analysis evaluating the general topology of networks, and a niche overlaps analysis of each scenario, to understand the variation in resource-sharing dynamics. Our results showed that vertebrates underexploited the potential of Feijoa as a subjacent resource, showing that the available fruits exceed the demand of local biota. The network robustness can be significantly changed by species loss or by rewilding. However, in all scenarios, resource-sharing is less than expected. The hypothetical removal by frugivores promote non-random negative effects in the potential seed dispersal process, whereas the increase of frugivores that may improve the reproductive success of Feijoa. Our insights allowed us to evaluate the magnitude of different scenarios of frugivory and to provide contributions to increase understanding of the relationship between fruit-eating and fleshy-fruited plants. Our results can be used as a proxy for conservation and management plans to predict ecological dynamics applying a species interaction perspective. Moreover, can be used to resources and landscapes management, especially in a region under an overwhelming contemporary defaunation process.

The interactions between birds that use tree cavities for breeding, roosting and sheltering have been named ‘nest webs’. We applied for the first time in nest-web studies some tools developed in network theory, in order to develop conservation and management recommendations of forest biodiversity. We recorded 109 interactions between 15 bird and 11 cavity-bearing tree species, in a subtropical piedmont forest (PF) of northwestern Argentina. Bird species in this nest-web included four woodpecker species, whose cavities were scarcely (9%) used by non-excavator birds, such as parrots, owls, and woodcreepers. Based on the Importance and Strength indices the most important tree species were Calycophyllum multiflorum (Rubiaceae) and Anadenanthera colubrina (Fabaceae). The nest web contained three main interaction modules: one composed by woodpeckers interacting with both living and standing dead trees; another by non-excavator birds using decay-formed cavities in living trees; and a third small module that had a few birds using woodpecker-excavated cavities in living trees. Important tree species were different for woodpecker and non-excavator modules. Extinction simulation of the most important tree species tripled the negative impact on cavity-using bird assemblage compared with the random extinction of tree species. In logging operations special consideration should be taken to ensure the maintenance of key tree species for the conservation of all the nest-web components in PF.

This paper focuses on the web of relationships established between Early and Middle Bronze Age communities and their environment in Northwest Iberia. Charcoal remains recovered from settlements and funerary sites in this area can inform a greater understanding of wood resource procurement and woodland management strategies adopted by these small-scale communities. Although charcoal analysis of contexts with chronologies ranging from 2200 to 1200 cal. BC is not commonly undertaken in this area, data from this period are of great importance because it represents a phase of major deforestation and landscape change. Wood resources were local and exploitation was conditioned by their availability in the environs of the sites. These communities established a clear preference for Quercus wood, combined recurrently with shrubby species of the Fabaceae family. This co-occurrence, previously observed in Middle and Late Bronze Age contexts, could extend back to the Early Bronze Age and even to the Late Neolithic. The presence of small trees and shrubs such as Rosaceae/Maloideae and Corylus avellana could be related with the open landscape that characterises this period, and with the existence of woodland management practices designed to prevent forest regeneration.

North Fennoscandian mountain forests are distributed along the Scandes Mountains between Sweden and Norway, and the low-mountain regions of northern Norway, Sweden and Finland, and the adjacent northwestern Russia. Regionally, these forests are differentiated into spruce, pine or birch dominance due to climatic differences. Variation in tree species dominance within these regions is generally caused by a combination of historical and prevailing disturbance regimes, including both chronic and episodic disturbances, their magnitude and frequency, as well as differences in edaphic conditions and topography. Because of their remoteness, slow growth and restrictions of use, these mountain forests are generally less affected by human utilization than more productive and easily utilizable forests at lower elevations and/or latitudes. As a consequence, these northern forests of Europe are often referred to as “Europe’s last wilderness”, even if human influence of varying intensity has been ubiquitous through historical time. Because of their naturalness, the North Fennoscandian mountain forests are of paramount importance for biodiversity conservation, monitoring of ecosystem change and for their sociocultural values. As such, they also provide unique reference areas for basic and applied research, and for developing methods of forest conservation, restoration and ecosystem-based management for the entire Fennoscandia. However, the current rapid change in climate is predicted to profoundly affect the ecology and dynamics of these forests in the future.

This article aims to assess the sustainability of forestry in Spain at provincial scale from two points of view: first, a multidimensional perspective considering the three classical dimensions of sustainability – environmental, economic and social – and, second, an integrative approach estimating a global index for forest sustainability. While the construction of such a global index is methodologically difficult and arguable, it could be very useful to land planners when drawing up and reviewing forestry and environmental policies. The global index of forest sustainability suggested in this study is calculated for the fifty Spanish provinces, based on a selection of twenty indicators. The majority of them (thirteen) relate to environmental dimension, four to economic dimension and three to social dimension. Numerous statistics and cartographic sources are used. A methodology is proposed based on grouping selected indicators according to three intermediate composite indicators and, subsequently, a global super-index. Cluster analysis establishes four different types of provinces according to their forest sustainability. According to the global sustainability index, part of the forests of the Mediterranean coast, those located near large inland cities and in southern Galicia appear to be less sustainable as a consequence of land artificialisation processes and forest fires. Conversely, Atlantic and Pyrenees forests, and those of the northern Plateau are more sustainable due to their relative success in keeping forest traditional uses and containing emerging threats.

With the accession to the European Union (EU) Croatia has also joined the ecological network Natura 2000. This ambitious network of protected areas has been established across the EU based on the Birds and the Habitats Directives, for which the national designation of protection areas should be founded on scientific criteria. A review of these processes in different EU member states shows, however, that many factors have affected the designation process, such as power and influence of different interest groups and capacities of the administrations responsible for implementation. In this paper, we assess the activities of an expert working group which has prepared the forestry section of the Ordinance on Natura 2000, the basic legislative act by which the network is formally implemented in Croatia, in view of understanding which factors influenced the site designation in this country. The activities of the working group are analyzed through three theories: Advocacy Coalition Framework, Rational Choice Theory and Theory of Communicative Action. Methodologically, the analysis was based on 58 interviews with 29 the members of the working group. The results indicate that the Advocacy Coalition Framework has the greatest explanatory value for this case. Science was frequently used to substantiate claims, with forest sector experts mostly referring to sustainable forest management, and conservation actors to concepts of conservation biology. Adherence to these concepts between both sides has systematically distorted communication within the working group, which was characterized by a lack of a mutual understanding of what constitutes the appropriate scientific information for the transposition of Natura 2000 in Croatian forestry.

Isolated forest fragments are subject to natural and anthropogenic disturbances that can alter forest properties. Native bamboo species are favored by disturbances. Few studies have attempted to demonstrate the influence of bamboos regarding the availability of soil seed bank and their implications for management. The present study aims to evaluate whether the dominance and the maintenance of the forest in the early stages of succession has been facilitated by the structure of the local seed bank within an urban fragment of Atlantic forest in Brazil. We also evaluated the forest regeneration potential of the soil seed bank under a bamboo-dominated area and a control area. A total of 5181 (units) seeds were germinated, corresponding to 81 plant species in 31 families. Miconia cf. cinnanomifolia was the most abundant species in the seed bank for both forests (72.6% in control and 43.9% in bamboo-dominant). Despite the low diversity and evenness found in both areas, the seed bank in the bamboo-dominated area had higher species richness and diversity, and a heterogeneous floristic composition of shrub and tree species when compared to the control area. In both areas early-successional species of trees and shrubs dominated the seed bank (>90%). The results are discussed in terms of the regeneration ability, and it is suggested that in spite the area being a remnant with disturbed forest patches invaded by bamboos, the soil seed bank still represents an important seed source for forest regeneration.

Patch-size and connectivity effects on organisms are usually strong, but may be positive or negative, depending on the landscape context. A binary habitat/non-habitat perspective that fails to consider matrix heterogeneity often explains these inconsistent results, as matrix influences patch quality and connectivity differently for different species. Here we tested the effects of patch size, connectivity and matrix type on non-volant small-mammal assemblages in an eastern-Brazilian Amazonian forest-savanna mosaic. We sampled 14 forest-patches and 2 continuous-forest plots, using 60 baited live traps and 8 pitfall traps (60 L) per plot in 3 field expeditions. We estimated connectivity using the Proximity Index and matrix type as the proportions of savanna or regrowth forest around patches. We used one-dimensional NMDS, ANCOVA and multiple regression to test the relationships among species composition, species traits and predictor variables. We captured 178 individuals of 16 small-mammal species and an NMDS ordination showed a pattern of assemblage change that was strongly related to matrix type. Connectivity and patch size had no statistically significant effect on assemblage composition. Species associated with patches in regrowth-forest matrix were mostly rodents, relatively large and mainly frugivorous, while species associated with savanna-matrix patches were smaller, mostly insectivorous, marsupials. This may be related to how matrix is used by small mammals and affects patch quality, rather than how it limits animal movements. Composition of small-mammal assemblages in patches depended on the type of surrounding matrix, so matrix heterogeneity enhances small-mammal assemblage diversity in this landscape and should be taken into consideration in regional conservation-unit management plans.

Empirical studies on severely fragmented regions suggest that decades after fragmentation, forest edges located near human-modified areas exhibit the structure of early successional states, with lower biomass per area and higher mortality compared to non-edge areas. These habitat changes (edge effects) can also have a considerable impact on ecosystem processes such as carbon and water balance, which in turn have a major impact on human activities.Using field data from a long-term fragmented landscape in the Brazilian Northeastern Atlantic Forest, and the Forest Model FORMIND, we were able to visualize the time scale in which edge effects influence tropical forests by performing 500-year simulations. We observed changes in community composition, aboveground biomass, total evapotranspiration and total runoff.Averages from ten four-hectare simulations show forest biomass degradation lasting around 100 years. If edge effects cease, recovery of biomass lasts around 150 years. Carbon loss is especially intense during the first five years after fragmentation, resulting in a decline of over 5 Mg ha−1y−1 C. Finally, edges of large fragments face an evapotranspiration loss of 43% and total runoff gains of 57% in relation to core areas of large fragments, suggesting that fragmented landscapes can be of significantly lower value in terms of ecosystem services.

Given the accelerating worldwide expansion of agriculture, biofuel production and managed forest plantations, the future of many tropical mammals depends on understanding why or when some species successfully survive in anthropogenically modified habitats, while others do not. Armadillos are potentially able to adapt to agricultural landscapes and play a key role as ecosystem engineers. However, it is not clear how dependent armadillos are on natural areas in agricultural landscapes and, more specifically, how or if armadillos can use sugar cane or managed forests as alternative habitats. Here, we assessed the relative effects of landscape features, composition and configuration, anthropogenic impacts and degree of protection, as potential predictors of landscape occupancy of the nine-banded armadillo (Dasypus novemcinctus). We deployed 203 camera trap stations in three agricultural landscapes of the Brazilian Cerrado, where sugar cane or managed forest cover most (>50%) of the landscape. We found that cover by native forests and proximity to watercourses strongly and positively affect the occupancy of nine-banded armadillo. In contrast, managed forests mostly composed of Eucalyptus spp. had a negative effect on this armadillo’s landscape occupancy. We did not detect the effect of sugar cane, although this particular result might be biased due to our sampling design. Overall, our findings indicate that even disturbed native forest strips, particularly those close to watercourses, are important habitats for this armadillo in agricultural matrices, demonstrating the utmost importance of native forests existing both within and outside protected areas. The Brazilian Forest Code protects native vegetation existing in rural private properties in Brazil, but adherence to this law by rural owners is still weak. Therefore, our study supports the strategic role this law plays in conservation in Brazil. Although not endangered by extinction, maintaining the nine-banded armadillo is important for a broader biota because of its putative role as an ecosystem engineer. The effective implementation of the Forest Code is therefore key not only to maintain this armadillos’ populations but also to increase ecosystem services in agricultural landscapes.

Soil organic matter is widely recognized as a strategy used to improve soil quality and reduce carbon emissions to the atmosphere. A field study was carried out to investigate the effects of cover crops in organic no-till vegetables systems on changes in soil organic matter and CO2C emissions, in dry and rainy seasons. We hypothesized that CO2C emissions are higher in conventional till as compared with no-till, and that no-till increases soil C sink. The crop rotation comprised a 3-year cropping sequence involving two crops per year—cabbage (Brassica oleracea L.) in winter and eggplant (Solanum melongena L.) in summer time. Treatments were no-till on dead mulch of grass (Avena strigosa Schreb. and Zea mays L.), leguminous (Lupinus albus L. and Crotalaria juncea L.), intercrop (grass and leguminous) and conventional till (no dead mulch) with rotary hoe arranged in a randomized block design on a clayey Oxisol (Typic Haplustox) at Domingos Martins-ES, Brazil. On 2012 and 2013, disturbed soil samples at three different layers (0–5, 5–15 and 15–30 cm) and undisturbed samples at 0–10, 10–20 and 20–30 cm, for chemical and organic matter characterization were taken. CO2C emissions and soil temperature were measured in situ on March, May, August and October 2012 and February 2013 (after 3 years of experiment). Conventional till site showed the lowest microporosity values and the highest macroporosity, followed by lower soil bulk density at 0–10 cm layer. Total organic C ranged from 34.94 to 50.48 g kg−1 in intercrop and 27.11 to 43.74 g kg−1 in conventional till. Total N ranged from 2.81 to 5.34 g kg−1 in grass and 2.54 to 4.51 g kg−1 in conventional till. Highest C stock was recorded in intercrop. Conventional till showed lower labile C values while recalcitrant C was higher in the intercrop treatment. The annual average of CO2C emissions (μmol CO2 m−2 s−1) followed the order: grass (15.89) > intercrop (13.77) > leguminous (13.09) > conventional till (11.20). Highest annual average of soil temperature was recorded in conventional till (23.95 °C). Lowest annual mean of soil water content, microbial biomass C, and highest metabolic quotient were recorded in conventional till. These results suggest that the use of cover crops and organic compost in pre-planting promote C increments. The contribution of organic residues increases the water holding capacity and reduces soil temperature. No-till reduces soil disturbance and promotes a positive balance of C. Organic no-till vegetable systems is a strategy to increase soil C and should be encouraged in order to increase soil quality in the Atlantic Forest Biome in Brazil.

The purpose of this study is to apply the commonly used biodiversity conservation method, Systematic Conservation Planning, to identify the priority conservation areas in Harbin, China, using the conservation planning software C-Plan. Biodiversity features, spatial distributions and respective targets were compiled into C-Plan and built a database to calculate the irreplaceability index which represents the conservation value of sites. Results showed that about 30% of the study area has moderate or higher biodiversity conservation value. This process enables conservation planning and prioritizing work to be more scientific providing a feasible and effective framework for the establishment of urban conservation systems.

Data collected by forest inventories like the third National Forest Inventory (NFI-3, 2011–2012) in Germany was proposed to monitor forest biodiversity and evaluate existing forest management practices on a national scale. A data set was created from the NFI-3 data for analysis purposes which contained variables relevant to the habitat requirements of native forest bird species. Information on the distribution and abundance of 20 native forest bird species was taken from the Atlas of German Breeding Birds (2005–2009, 3003 grid cells). They form two important ecological groups: cavity-nesting and deciduous forest birds. For the first time, this data was combined with NFI-3 data and analysed using Random Forest models and partial dependence plots to determine which forest variables recorded by the NFI-3 were most closely related to forest bird species richness and diversity in temperate forests.It was shown that changes in forest bird species diversity and richness correlate with the NFI data but the different sampling methods of the NFI and bird species data also created methodological challenges which are discussed. The most important drivers of the richness and diversity of deciduous forest and cavity-nesting bird species are forest stand age and forest ownership. Deciduous forest and cavity-nesting birds show a preference for the way state, federal and municipal forests are managed over private forests. Private forests have significantly lower deadwood volumes and high proportions of coniferous trees, both of which are forest characteristics that lower the richness and diversity of bird species. Our findings show that efforts to protect forest birds should target managed forests older than 100 and 200 years and forests with total deadwood volumes >46.3 m3/ha. Protected areas also exhibited higher diversity and richness of forest birds which highlight their importance as suitable target areas for the protection of forest birds.

Tropical forests are experiencing an increase in the proportion of secondary forests as a result of the balance between the widespread harvesting of old-growth forests and the regeneration in abandoned areas. The impacts of such a process on biodiversity are poorly known and intensely debated. Recent reviews and multi-taxa studies indicate that species replacement in wildlife assemblages is a consistent pattern, sometimes stronger than changes in diversity, with a replacement from habitat generalists to old-growth specialists being commonly observed during tropical forest regeneration. However, the ecological drivers of such compositional changes are rarely investigated, despite its importance in assessing the conservation value of secondary forests, and to support and guide management techniques for restoration. By sampling 28 sites in a continuous Atlantic forest area in Southeastern Brazil, we assessed how important aspects of habitat structure and food resources for wildlife change across successional stages, and point out hypotheses on the implications of these changes for wildlife recovery. Old-growth areas presented a more complex structure at ground level (deeper leaf litter, and higher woody debris volume) and higher fruit availability from an understorey palm, whereas vegetation connectivity, ground-dwelling arthropod biomass, and total fruit availability were higher in earlier successional stages. From these results we hypothetize that generalist species adapted to fast population growth in resource-rich environments should proliferate and dominate earlier successional stages, while species with higher competitive ability in resource-limited environments, or those that depend on resources such as palm fruits, on higher complexity at the ground level, or on open space for flying, should dominate older-growth forests. Since the identification of the drivers of wildlife recovery is crucial for restoration strategies, it is important that future work test and further develop the proposed hypotheses. We also found structural and functional differences between old-growth forests and secondary forests with more than 80 years of regeneration, suggesting that restoration strategies may be crucial to recover structural and functional aspects expected to be important for wildlife in much altered ecosystems, such as the Brazilian Atlantic forest.

A recent study aimed to estimate the biodiversity conservation gaps of the Brazilian protected area network by analysing more than 880 thousand records of species presence from online databases. Although we agree with its general message that Protected Areas are poorly known, unevenly distributed, and not sufficient to safeguard the Brazilian biodiversity, we question its methodological approach and feel that its conclusions must not be received uncritically. A major concern is that their analyses are based on an arbitrary set of widespread, abundant, and non-threatened species and on a subset of the species widely recognized as conservation priorities, such as the red-listed species. Furthermore, they question the efficiency of the Brazilian protected area network based only on species data, missing other facets of biodiversity, such as habitat/community diversity, ecosystem processes, and services. We point out that the adequate way to estimate the Brazilian conservation gaps and to properly indicate where they are in space is through systematic conservation planning. Official data indicate that spatial conservation gaps correspond to 16.5% of the Brazilian territory, being conservation Priority Areas not under Protected Areas. This spatial gap, however, is much smaller in Amazon in comparison to all other biomes. For the Caatinga drylands, we estimated three facets of the conservation gap (i.e., qualitative gap, target gap, and spatial gap). We highlight that the Brazilian protected area network has been very successful to safeguard many facets of the Brazilian biodiversity and that future expansions, based on systematic conservation planning, can efficiently protect elected biodiversity traits.

Intraspecific trait variability is pivotal for plants to overcome environmental filters, shaping the species distribution and abundance in heterogeneous landscapes such as ecotonal zones. In this study, we aimed to understand the role of intraspecific trait variation on species occupation in a sharp ecotone. For this, we used, as a model, a dominant tree species of forest-savanna transitions in Brazil's Southwest and focused on stem architecture and allometries and leaf functional traits. Our results showed that trait variability improves plant performance along the ecotonal gradient. In fact, trees in forest optimize the light-interception and -use by the production of tall and slender stems and more acquisitive, smaller, and thinner leaves. On the other hand, trees in savannas had the opposite morpho-functional pattern, enhancing their resistance to wind, drought, continuous light incidence, and nutrient-poor soils. Surprisingly, trees right at the forest-savanna transition resembled forest tress regarding shoot morphology and savanna trees regarding leaf functional traits. However, displaced crowns were a singularity of transition trees. Taken together, our study shows that intraspecific variability is crucial for a dominant plant to successfully occupy contrasting habitats along the forest-savanna transition. Our study thus highlights the importance to investigate the role of intraspecific trait variation to better understand species dominance and community assembly in ecotonal zones.

Examples of large-scale restoration programs to recover ecosystem services are now common in many countries, and governments are assuming ambitious forest restoration targets. Given the increasing investment of time, effort, and money in restoration, there is an urgent need to develop monitoring programs to assess restoration effectiveness. Some countries are already conducting monitoring programs, but the effectiveness of the restoration programs remains mostly unknown. Restoration evaluation often entails significant difficulties, such as the lack of harmonized monitoring data and imprecise information available about project goals and implementation. With the intent of contributing to the development of effective and accountable restoration projects, the objective of our work is to create a conceptual model that provides the building blocks of a planning and monitoring system to support forest restoration programs. The aim is to develop a conceptual model that represents forest restoration monitoring processes that effectively attain and measure the desirable outcomes. The São Paulo Forest Restoration Program is the case study that provides variables and processes to illustrate the development of the conceptual model. This paper presents the conceptual model, emphasizing generalizable principles that extend its applicability to similar monitoring programs. Based on action learning principles and recommendations from a comprehensive literature review, the resulting Forest Management Decisions Support System (FMDSS) embeds adaptive management strategies and the existence of an auto-updatable knowledge base. The result is a conceptual model that can be generalizable and applicable beyond the realms of the FMDSS. The restoration of degraded areas in a case with >40,000 rural properties serves as the case study. Although the planning and the monitoring of the restoration programs differ, the generalizable principles used to develop the conceptual model presented in this paper result in continuous intelligent monitoring processes that transform the systems so that they are adaptable to apparently different situations. Additionally, conceptual models that integrate adaptive planning and monitoring processes, supported by an auto-updatable knowledge base, mitigate the risk of failures, mainly when the comprehensive gathering of well-established references for the initial knowledge base has been conducted well at the outset.

One of the most intriguing questions in ecology is how to identify which and how many species will be able to inhabit human-modified landscapes. Large-bodied mammals structure plant communities by trampling, herbivory, seed dispersal and predation, and their local extinction may have pervasive consequences in plant communities due to the breakdown of key interactions. Although much attention has been given to understanding the effects of defaunation on plant communities, information on the potential impacts on plant functional groups (seed dispersal, seed size and seedling leaves defense) inhabiting continuous forests after defaunation is scarce. We conducted mammal surveys (line transects and camera trapping) to determine the defaunation status of a continuous Atlantic forest in Brazil. Then, we evaluated the effects of defaunation on seedling diversity, richness and abundance of functional groups using 15 plot-pairs (each pair with one open and one exclusion plot) monitored over 36 months. We found that the studied area is partially defaunated because it exhibits high abundance of primates, while terrestrial mammals, such as large rodents and ungulates, are rare. We found no significant changes in either seedling richness and diversity or in the seedling composition of plant functional groups in response to mammal exclosure. Seedling mortality and recruitment were similar between plot types. Our findings suggest that at semi-defaunated areas, where arboreal species are still present, terrestrial mammals have low impacts on the plant community reassembly.

The escape of farmed Atlantic salmon is a problem for the Norwegian aquaculture industry. Escapes in all phases of the life cycle of the farmed fish create situations unwanted by authorities and industry, as well as with those depending on the wild Atlantic salmon for commercial or recreational fishing. As a contribution to develop a dependable and feasible method of linking escaped salmon to their hatchery, the chemical variation of 12 elements in sclerites of scale from smolt from hatcheries located all along the coast have been analysed by laser ablation inductively coupled plasma mass spectroscopy (LA-ICP-MS). The survey comprised data on B, Ba, Fe, K, Mg, Mn, Na, Pb, S, Sr, U and Zn in 1347 scales from 24 groups of smolt collected from 18 hatcheries, the largest survey with regard to statistical and geographical variation conducted to date. A majority vote between the result of four different classification methods (linear discriminant analysis, Naïve Bayes, k-nearest neighbour and random forest) misplaced only 55 scales (4%) to group of origin. Sr and Ba are the two most important elements for group separation. Without Sr, the success of correct hatchery classification is reduced from 95.8% to 92.2%, and to 93.4% without Ba.Chemical composition (same elements as in sclerites, except for S and U) of local floodplains’ sediments revealed elevated levels of Pb coinciding with most of the hatcheries where Pb in sclerites was above detection limit.The other elements incorporated in the hydroxyapatite layer (HAP-layer) analysed for this study seems shifted by water treatment done in the hatcheries. Scale chemistry may provide a powerful tool to determine the origin of escaped farmed Atlantic salmon. However, further investigations should be performed before this method can be implemented in the Norwegian salmon management, particularly on two topics. These are the stability of trace elements incorporated in the HAP-layer after change of water environment, and whether the elemental profile from the freshwater hatchery is still recognizable after the salmon has spent more than 2 years in sea.

North Fennoscandian mountain forests are distributed along the Scandes Mountains between Sweden and Norway, and the low-mountain regions of northern Norway, Sweden and Finland, and the adjacent northwestern Russia. Regionally, these forests are differentiated into spruce, pine or birch dominance due to climatic differences. Variation in tree species dominance within these regions is generally caused by a combination of historical and prevailing disturbance regimes, including both chronic and episodic disturbances, their magnitude and frequency, as well as differences in edaphic conditions and topography. Because of their remoteness, slow growth and restrictions of use, these mountain forests are generally less affected by human utilization than more productive and easily utilizable forests at lower elevations and/or latitudes. As a consequence, these northern forests of Europe are often referred to as “Europe’s last wilderness”, even if human influence of varying intensity has been ubiquitous through historical time. Because of their naturalness, the North Fennoscandian mountain forests are of paramount importance for biodiversity conservation, monitoring of ecosystem change and for their sociocultural values. As such, they also provide unique reference areas for basic and applied research, and for developing methods of forest conservation, restoration and ecosystem-based management for the entire Fennoscandia. However, the current rapid change in climate is predicted to profoundly affect the ecology and dynamics of these forests in the future.

Eurasian forest-steppes are among the most complex ecosystems in the northern temperate zone. Alternating forest and grassland patches form a mosaic-like landscape, stretching in a stripe from eastern Europe almost to the Pacific coast. Although the edges (contact zones between woody and herbaceous vegetation) may play an important ecological role, their study has been neglected in the forest-steppes. In this study, we aimed to perform a comprehensive analysis on the components of a sandy forest-steppe in the Pannonian ecoregion (Hungary), with special regard to the edges. 2 m × 1 m coenological relevés were made in forest interiors, in edges and in grassland interiors. We carried out microclimate measurements in each habitat type. Compositional and structural characteristics of the forests, edges and grasslands were compared, including species number, Shannon diversity, summarized cover, life-form and geoelement spectra. Diagnostic species for each habitat type were identified, and the role of the habitats in harbouring protected and endemic species was also assessed. Based on the frequencies and cover values of tree seedlings and saplings in the three habitat types, we formulated tentative assumptions on vegetation dynamics. We found that edges possessed their own distinct species composition, having a considerably higher species number, Shannon diversity and vegetation cover than habitat interiors. Edges hosted relatively large numbers of edge-related species, and proved to be highly different from habitat interiors with regard to life-form and geoelement spectra. It seemed that the spatial interaction of two neighbouring communities resulted in the emergence of a third, unique community, the edge. The microclimate of the forests and the grasslands differed strikingly, whereas that of the edges fell between them. Except Populus alba, trees had very few seedlings and no saplings, which may have serious consequences if the current warming and drying trend continues. We conclude that in the study area, intermediate microclimate of the edges supports a community that is not intermediate compositionally and structurally: the edge should be recognized as a distinct community, although strongly connected to the neighbouring communities. As a consequence, forest-steppes have three integral components: forest, grassland and edge. Our results emphasize the conservation importance of all components. The conservation value of the sandy grasslands has long been recognized, but the contribution of edges and forest patches to species and habitat diversity should not be neglected either. Conservation activities should focus on maintaining the complexity of the forest-steppe ecosystem, with all of its integral components.

Given the intrinsic hydrological cycle made of large input of water vapour and intense precipitation producing large volumes of water and sediment, modelling runoff and water losses in humid tropical watersheds is important for forest and water resources management. For instance, reliable simulations of the water cycle in such environments are a prerequisite for predictions of water quality, soil erosion and the climate change effects on water resources. The distributed parameter, physically based, continuous simulation, daily time step AnnAGNPS model, was implemented in almost completely forested (98% of its area, 0.56 km2) Cunha watershed (Brazil) to assess its capability to simulate hydrological processes under tropical conditions. The simulated surface runoff was compared to 4-year observations with statistical indices on several time scales. The model, running with default CN of forest, showed poor predictions of runoff. After increasing CN from 63 to 72 by calibration, the runoff prediction capability of AnnAGNPS was satisfactory on annual, seasonal and monthly scales, while daily runoff predictions were less accurate. Modelling water losses at event scale showed that the effect of forest vegetation on water retention during a single precipitation was more limited than for longer periods (months, seasons and years), since evapo-transpiration and interception account for small shares (>20%) of total precipitation.This study demonstrated that the AnnAGNPS model has reliable runoff prediction capacity in tropical forest watersheds at the annual and seasonal scales (E > 0.73), whereas daily runoff simulations are less accurate (E = 0.44). The use of this model may prove an important tool for water resource and territory management in tropical rainforests.

Tropical dry forests (TDF) are threatened worldwide, affected by conversion to agriculture, fragmentation, fires, and climate change. Most of the remaining TDF are in South America, including Brazil's Caatinga. Understanding how the biota of TDFs responds to habitat loss and climate change is a scientific challenge, especially to diversified groups, such as bats, whose richness and ecological roles in TDF are usually underestimated. We updated and synthesized occurrence data and generated distribution models for Caatinga bats considering present and future scenarios. At least 96 species, 48 genera, and eight families were recorded, including two endemic species; five additional species may occur in the biome. The highest potential species richness occurs in the east, in the Caatinga/Atlantic Forest ecotone; the lowest in the west, in the Caatinga/Cerrado ecotone. Current and projected deforestation led to a reduction of 65% in areas with very high potential richness, and only 0.4% will remain within current protected areas. In a business as usual scenario (i.e., high and fast habitat loss + low in situ protection + high potential exposure to climate change) the bat fauna of the Caatinga will be negatively impacted. Improving the conservation of roosting and foraging sites, with the expansion and/or creation of protected areas is urgently needed.

Habitat loss is one of the primary drivers of change in forest biodiversity and ecosystem function worldwide. The synergetic effects of habitat loss and fragmentation might lead to profound impacts on forest structure and composition, conducting forest fragments towards early successional stages (retrogressive succession). In this study, we tested this hypothesis by evaluating how landscape-scale forest loss affects the forest structure. We sampled forest structure descriptors in 40 forest sites in landscapes ranging from 3 to 100% forest cover. Forest cover was negatively related to most of the structural variables, generally in a non-linear manner. In contrast, dead trees and logging were ubiquitous and not related to forest cover. The forest remnants in more deforested landscapes retain early successional forest attributes, with tree assemblages that are less dense, shorter, thinner, with an overall basal area loss, and with increasing canopy openness. This structural degradation indicates that landscape-scale forest loss strongly determines the trajectory of the local forest structure, pushing forests to a retrogressive succession process, which is more likely to occur in deforested landscapes and can lead to functional forest erosion. Our findings indicate that remnants within deforested landscapes may suffer recruitment limitation, primarily of large trees. Additionally, the forest structure characteristics were more severely degraded in landscapes with less than 40% forest cover. In the face of these results, the recommendation is to avoid the reduction of forest cover below this threshold, at which point structural erosion becomes more severe, with predictable negative consequences on biodiversity and ecosystem service maintenance.

The Bonn Challenge, a voluntary global initiative launched in 2011, aims to bring up to 350 million hectares of degraded land into some level of restorative state by 2030. Pilot forest landscape restoration (FLR) efforts indicate that enhancing community and smallholder tenure rights is critical for achieving FLR’s desired joint environmental and social well-being objectives. The Restoration Opportunities Assessment Methodology (ROAM) is a decision support tool that has become widely used in national and subnational FLR planning. Although ROAM is structured so as to encourage inclusion of tenure rights and governance analyses, the extent to which ROAM reports actually incorporate tenure issues is undocumented. To address this gap, we report the results of an analysis of the currently publicly accessible ROAM reports from eight countries in Africa and Latin America. We found that the ROAM reports superficially covered tenure and governance considerations. We recommend design elements for a tenure diagnostic that should facilitate more robust tenure and land governance analyses – to complement ROAM and other FLR planning approaches. We suggest the adoption of a rights-enhanced FLR approach so as to capitalize on the motivating force that strong and secure tenure rights provide for landholders to engage in forest restoration design and practice. Although developed in the context of FLR, the proposed tenure diagnostic should have broad utility for other land use initiatives where tenure rights and security are at stake.

Increases in the rate of sea level rise are likely to result in changes to disturbance-adapted coastal forests and associated freshwater resources over the next several decades. In this study, we investigated how the press disturbance of two decades of sea level rise altered island hydrology and interacted with pulse disturbances (frequent hurricane impacts) to alter coastal forest composition and structure. The research was conducted on two low-elevation islands located within the lower Florida Keys: Big Pine and Upper Sugarloaf Keys. Groundwater salinity and vegetation structure and composition were sampled in the early 1990s prior to impact from two hurricanes – Hurricanes Georges (1998) and Wilma (2005) – and again in 2012/2013 in permanent plots inside and outside the boundaries of the islands’ freshwater lenses. Using linear mixed effects modeling, we examined whether groundwater salinity varied over time among locations, and investigated whether this variation was reflected in changes in forest structure and composition in three height strata. The results of this analysis revealed that groundwater salinity underlying plots outside the freshwater lens increased over the two decades, while salinity of groundwater at plots inside the freshwater lens remained stable. The greatest shift in composition occurred in the understory strata along a gradient of increasing salinity, and plots located outside the freshwater lens gained species typical of tidally-influenced buttonwood forest and lost glycophytic species. Viewed against the background of recurring hurricane impacts, these findings suggest that sea level rise is currently altering both groundwater resources and the composition of coastal forests in the Florida Keys. Similar dynamics should be observed in low-lying coastal forests within ocean basins subject to increased tropical cyclone activity. Management of these island coastal forests must now consider the continually shifting nature of the resource in light of acceleration in sea level rise.

A database on the performance of native plants under different environmental conditions can improve the selection of species most suitable for carbon offset programs. The objective of this work was to identify the potential of 25 tree species for carbon offsetting in a degraded area in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, with a scoring system based on the survival rate (SV) and average annual carbon increment (IMAC). The diameter and height of trees were measured to estimate the annual increments to select those to be scaling by species by the non-destructive method, and to estimate the volume and carbon of each plant by species. The mean SV of trees was 47% with high variability ranging from 5 to 100%, especially for Schinus terebinthifolius (100%); Sapindus saponaria (95%); Senna multijuga (80%); Handroanthus chrysotricha (80%); Plathymenia foliolosa (75%); Cassia grandis (75%) and Colubrina glandulosa (60%), all pioneers except for H. chrysotricha and C. grandis. The lowest SV were for Caesalpinia peltophoroides (20%); Tibouchina granulosa (10%); Anadenanthera pavonina (5%); Cariniana legalis (5%); Samanea inopinata (5%) and Syzygium jambos (5%), all non-pioneering species, except for A. pavonina. The growth of non-pioneer species was generally lesser than pioneer ones, except for Ceiba speciosa. Among non-pioneers, T. granulosa, Bombacopsis glabra and C. grandis stood out for the hight growth. None of the species reached a maximum score (10 points) for the sum of the parameters considered. The highest scores (nine points) were for Schizolobium parahyba and S. multijulga, both pioneers. The lowest scores (two points) were for A., Cariniana legalis, Lecythis pisonis, Samanea Inopinata and S. jambos followed by Cedrela fissilis, Caesalpinia peltophoroides, Cytharexyllum myrianthum, Hymenaea courbaril, Psidium guineense and Tibouchina granulosa (three points) and Anadenanthera macrocarpa and Sterculia chicha (four points). The methodology adopted allowed the assessment on of the potential of plant species for carbon offsetting projects in degraded areas, specifically in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest.

The present study compared the structure of the bat communities in semi-arid Caatinga scrub and humid cloud forest habitats in the northeastern Brazilian state of Sergipe. A sampling effort of 185,790 h.m2 resulted in the capture of 157 bats representing 12 species in the Caatinga, and 259 individuals belonging to 14 species in the cloud forest. Overall, a total species richness of 18, although highly significant differences were recorded between habitats in the abundance of individuals. Glossophaga soricina was the most abundant species in the Caatinga, while Carollia perspicillata was the most abundant in the cloud forest. The Glossophaginae was the principal group in the Caatinga, and the Stenodermatinae in the cloud forest. Frugivores were the most abundant in the cloud forest, and many of these species appeared to be concentrated in this habitat during the dry season, dispersing into the Caatinga during the rainy season. Nectarivores were more abundant in the Caatinga during both seasons, indicating that, even during the dry season, this habitat provides an adequate resource base to support this guild. The present study of the Serra da Guia reinforces the importance of these enclaves of humid forest on the diversity and ecology of Caatinga bats.

With forest fragmentation continuing in many parts of the tropics, it is likely that fragmented forests will become the rule for most remaining global tropical forests in the next decades. In this context, there is a need for practical tools to assess and monitor fragmented forests if we are to conserve tree species diversity as much as possible. Several methods, either using (1) field-based or (2) remote-sensing approaches could be used to achieve this goal. This paper aims at providing a state-of-the-art review of both approaches in order to make recommendations for rapid and cost-effective assessments of tree species diversity and forest structure, with specific applications in studies of fragmented tropical forests. Overall both methods have pros and cons, depending on the type of data needed to address the research objectives and the quantity of resources available. We suggest combining the use of both field-based and remotely-sensed methods as they can be complementary. Remote-sensing data should be used to predict and map the tree species diversity and stand structure at regional scales, while field-inventories provide accurate information at local scales and allow validation of remotely-sensed data. For field-inventories, we recommend the use of small (e.g. 20 × 50 m) plots with a 10 cm DBH minimum measurement. In terms of remotely-sensed techniques, if funding is sufficient, airborne imagery seems the best regarding the quality of information (i.e. hyperspectral and hyperspatial imagery, LiDAR). If funding is limited, a cost-effective alternative providing reasonably accurate estimates would be the use of high-resolution satellite imagery such as Worldview. Ultimately, for studies where data accessible for free is the only possible option, we recommend the use of Sentinel-2, although it is relatively coarser in terms of quality. However, further research needs to be done to validate these approaches in fragmented tropical forests.

The tropical rain forests of Central Africa contain high levels of species diversity. Paleovegetation or biodiversity patterns suggested successive contraction/expansion phases on this rain forest cover during the last glacial maximum (LGM). Consequently, the hypothesis of the existence of refugia e.g. habitat stability that harbored populations during adverse climatic periods has been proposed. Understory species are tightly associated to forest cover and consequently are ideal markers of forest dynamics. Here, we used two central African rain forest understory species of the palm genus, Podococcus, to assess the role of past climate variation on their distribution and genetic diversity. Species distribution modeling in the present and at the LGM was used to estimate areas of climatic stability. Genetic diversity and phylogeography were estimated by sequencing near complete plastomes for over 120 individuals. Areas of climatic stability were mainly located in mountainous areas like the Monts de Cristal and Monts Doudou in Gabon, but also lowland coastal forests in southeast Cameroon and northeast Gabon. Genetic diversity analyses shows a clear North–South structure of genetic diversity within one species. This divide was estimated to have originated some 500,000 years ago. We show that, in Central Africa, high and unique genetic diversity is strongly correlated with inferred areas of climatic stability since the LGM. Our results further highlight the importance of coastal lowland rain forests in Central Africa as harboring not only high species diversity but also important high levels of unique genetic diversity. In the context of strong human pressure on coastal land use and destruction, such unique diversity hotspots need to be considered in future conservation planning.

An Environmental Assessment (EA) is one of the steps within the Environmental Impact Assessment process. Birds are often used in EA to help decision makers evaluate potential human impacts from proposed development activities. A “sensitivity to human disturbance” index, created by Parker III et al. (1996) for all Neotropical species, is commonly considered an ecological indicator. However, this parameter was created subjectively and, for most species, there have been no rigorous field test to validate its effectiveness as such. Therefore, in this study, we aim to: (1) evaluate if, at the local scale, birds from forest patches in a human-modified landscape (HML) may differ in sensitivity from Parker's sensitivity classification; (2) evaluate the effectiveness of the species richness value at each sensitivity level as an ecological indicator; (3) gather information on how often and in which manner Parker's classification has been used in EA. To do so, bird sampling was performed in eight forest patches in a HML over one year. Then, we created a local sensitivity to disturbance using information about threat, endemism, spatial distribution and relative abundance of all species in the study area. We found that 37% of the forest birds showed different local sensitivity levels when compared with Parker's classification. Our results show that only the richness of high-sensitivity species from our local classification fitted the ecological indicator assumptions helping the environmental conditions evaluation of the studied patches. We conclude that species richness of each Parker's bird sensitivity levels do not necessarily perform as an ecological indicator at the local scale, and particularly in HML. Nevertheless, Parker's Neotropical bird sensitivity classification was used in 50% of EA we reviewed. In these, 76% assumed that it was an accurate ecological indicator of the local forest conditions for birds. The lack of clear criteria used in Parker's classification allows diverse interpretations by ornithologists, and there is no agreement about the ecological meaning of each sensitivity level and what environmental conditions each level may indicate of. Therefore, the use of Parker's classification in EA may jeopardize accurate interpretations of proposed anthropogenic impacts. Furthermore, because a bird species’ sensitivity often varies between locations, we argue that Parker's generalized classification of bird sensitivity should not be used as an indicator of forest environmental conditions in EA throughout HMLs in Neotropics. Rather, local bird ecological indices should be explored, otherwise, erroneous predictions of the anthropogenic impacts will continue to be common.

Management and conservation planning of any ecosystem requires knowledge of species composition. This is a real challenge in tropical rain forests that are characterised by very high species richness and canopy access limitations. The possibility of approaching trees from remote sensing on large-scale aerial photographs, takes on its full significance in this context. Results of tree species identification by photo-interpretation in a French Guianan forest canopy are discussed, as well as an overview of the part of the forest accessible from the photographs. Two sets of aerial photographs were used. One set (1:3700 colour slides) covers 15 ha of primary forest, divided into a training set (TS, 5 ha) and a validation set (VS 1: 10 ha). Another validation set, taken in different conditions of acquisition, scale and season, is available for an adjacent area (VS 2: 6.5 ha). Aerial photographs captured a quarter of the tree community (dbh ≥ 10 cm) on average, and about 45% of the SGS (Species or Group of Species) on the training set. The crown appearance of 12 major canopy SGS, including commercial species and species of ecological interest, had been described in a previous work on the same training set. Following these descriptions, two photo-interpreters separately identified 309 tree crowns overall on VS 1, with a good agreement in their respective judgements. After their interpretations were checked in the field, the overall average identification success was high (87%) but the results varied according to the SGS. The results on VS 2 showed that some species displayed major seasonal and scale variations and were hardly recognized, whereas some others could be identified without modifying the learning process. The results are encouraging and this work will be extended as the identification of tropical rain forest trees from remote sensing has many applications, ranging from fundamental ecological knowledge of canopy species to the management and conservation of such highly diverse and hardly inventoried ecosystems.

Lauraceae have an ancient evolutionary history and wide distribution, providing a great model for studies of the biogeographical distribution patterns of plant species. The effects of elevational variation on plant diversity in tropical forests have been the subject of many studies. We investigated the following question: How does the Lauraceae family contribute to the diversity of the tree community in the Atlantic Rainforest, along an elevational gradient? Data from 15 floristic surveys (plots of one ha) were analyzed, comparing the variation in the patterns of Lauraceae richness to the richness of the whole tree community. The similarity relations of the plots were analyzed based on Lauraceae species, and the distribution patterns of the family were tested through null distribution models of the species. The surveys recorded 22,895 live individual trees in total, distributed among 859 species belonging to 70 families. Lauraceae contributed 4.3% of the total abundance and presented the third highest species richness (6.4% of the total). In general, Lauraceae diversity was highest in the Montane region and their composition changed along the elevational gradient, presenting four elevational belts. The Lauraceae diversity has a strong positive relationship with abundance. We found an exponential positive correlation between elevation and the richness of the family, differing from the tree community pattern. The results showed a new pattern of species variation along elevational gradients for the tree component in the Tropical Forest. Thus, we suggest that patterns of diversity variation in tree communities should be analyzed separately among the richest families.

The historical record of the definition of forest management and policy principles is a contentious one, characterized by tensions and conflicts between and among public authorities, private stakeholders and citizens. This paper is an empirical and analytical contribution to the understanding of the political and socio-economic factors influencing the integration of stakes in forest-dominated landscapes. Based on a case study of the ‘Landes de Gascogne’ forest region (southwestern France), it explores an apparent paradox that sees local landowners, following a massive storm damage, re-afforesting a Pinus pinaster plantation on a technical basis they know to be vulnerable. The authors highlight how, on which basis and by whom discourses and practices on forest integration have been sustained over decades in ‘Landes’, albeit being in fact reinvented on very different grounds—in a setting similar to the famous quote of the novel Il Gattopardo. The idea of a forest massif is identified as the object of most efforts, enabling the strategical use of three entwined perspectives: as a cultivated forest, a multifunctional land-use and an integrated chain. Ending with an analysis of the interplays of these dimensions, the paper further demonstrates the relevance of landscape and relational approaches to grasp the determinants of forest land-use conflicts.

Passive optical remotely sensed images such as those from the Landsat satellites enable the development of spatially comprehensive, well-calibrated reflectance measures that support large-area mapping. In recent years, as an alternative to field plot data, the use of Light Detection and Ranging (lidar) acquisitions for calibration and validation purposes in combination with such satellite reflectance data to model a range of forest structural response variables has become well established. In this research, we use a predictive modeling approach to map forest structural attributes over the ~ 552 million ha boreal forest of Canada. For model calibration and independent validation we utilize airborne lidar-derived measurements of forest vertical structure (known as lidar plots) obtained in 2010 via a > 25,000 km transect-based national survey. Models were developed linking the lidar plot structural variables to wall-to-wall 30-m spatial resolution surface reflectance composites derived from Landsat Thematic Mapper and Enhanced Thematic Mapper Plus imagery. Spectral indices extracted from the composites, disturbance information (years since disturbance and type), as well as geographic position and topographic variables (i.e., elevation, slope, radiation, etc.) were considered as predictor variables. A nearest neighbor imputation approach based on the Random Forest framework was used to predict a total of 10 forest structural attributes. The model was developed and validated on > 80,000 lidar plots, with R2 values ranging from 0.49 to 0.61 for key response variables such as canopy cover, stand height, basal area, stem volume, and aboveground biomass. Additionally, a predictor variable importance analysis confirmed that spectral indices, elevation, and geographic coordinates were key sources of information, ultimately offering an improved understanding of the driving variables for large-area forest structure modeling. This study demonstrates the integration of airborne lidar and Landsat-derived reflectance products to generate detailed and spatially extensive maps of forest structure. The methods are portable to map other attributes of interest (based upon calibration data) through access to Landsat or other appropriate optical remotely-sensed data sources, thereby offering unique opportunities for science, monitoring, and reporting programs.

Farm forests and trees outside forests (i.e., ‘rural forests’) are key components for the sustainability of agricultural landscapes. Farmers are the main managers of rural forests and their practices vary according to a range of individual and collective factors. This diversity in management practices challenges the understanding of landscape patterns and dynamics, in particular at local and regional scales. In this study, we combined forest mapping over 150 years, ethnographic investigations and mental models to investigate the social drivers of rural forests in a French case study. Results showed a stability of woodlands and groves, favored by the social organization system, i.e., a self-reliance and house-centered system. Recent tree encroachment in abandoned lands – caused by rural exodus and the intensification of agriculture – resulted in a spread of woodlands. In addition, a shift from family-based to market-oriented woodland management was observed, contributing to the homogenization of forest management practices. Hedgerows declined but with contrasted trends according to their location and adjacent land uses: in-farm hedgerows that obstructed mechanization declined, whereas boundary hedgerows that assisted in the maintenance of farmers’ estates were reinforced. Scattered trees were considered of little interest by farmers and declined. This study achieved an understanding of rural forest patterns and underlying social drivers. Mental models provided a basis for exploring the tradeoffs between ecosystem services and disservices operated by farmers. They also revealed differences between scientific and farmer classifications of trees outside forests. Mental models constitute a promising tool for reinforcing bonds between the social and natural sciences.

Climate and habitat influence the distribution and dynamics of biodiversity. Investigating their influence on spatial patterns of phylogenetic (PD) and functional diversity (FD) is essential to understanding the response of ecological assemblages to changes in these factors. Here, we investigate the patterns of PD and FD of birds from the Brazilian dry forest Caatinga, and their relationship to gradients in climate and vegetation heterogeneity. For over 500 species distributed at 123 assemblages, we investigated the effect of these factors on a standardized measure of phylogenetic diversity (sesPD) phylogenetic dispersion (PDis), the functional richness (FRic), functional dispersion (FDis), taxon restrictedness, and functional uniqueness. Climate was the best predictor of all metrics of functional and phylogenetic diversity, whereas forest cover was relevant for FRic only. The independent effects of climate and habitat highlight their different roles in determining ecological and evolutionary diversities of avian assemblages in this semiarid biome. Additionally, most species are geographically restricted, but functionally redundant, suggesting a spatial turnover between different species with similar functional traits. Complementary effects of climate and habitat change act in concert in reducing ecological redundancy in assemblages less disturbed, and functional uniqueness in assemblages at the extreme of the aridity gradient in the Caatinga.

Insect herbivory has been observed to be affected by habitat loss and fragmentation, although the mechanisms by which these anthropogenic disturbances affect this process are not well understood. To aid in clarifying this issue, we assessed the relation between forest cover and leaf damage caused by herbivorous insects on a representative tropical forest understory plant family, the Rubiaceae. We measured leaf area loss of Rubiaceae plants in 20 forest sites located in the Brazilian Atlantic forest, and also tested whether variation in forest cover, abundance of insectivorous birds (predators) and of Rubiaceae plants (resources) could explain the observed variation in leaf damage. Herbivory levels varied between 2.6 and 12.5 percent leaf area lost and increased with decreasing forest cover, whereas the other explanatory variables did not provide additional explanatory power. Therefore, forest loss appears to be the main driver of changes in local herbivory, and ecological processes such as top-down and bottom-up control may not account for the deforestation-related increase in herbivory levels. Other mechanisms, for example leaf quality and/or the influence of the adjoining land uses, have to be explored in future studies.

Commonly proposed definitions of the "anthropocene" suggest that significant human alteration of the Earth system is connected to fossil fuel consumption coinciding with the Industrial Revolutions of the 18th and 19th centuries, or global change resulting from the "Great Acceleration" following the Second World War. Although evidence for earlier, anthropogenically-driven environmental changes are acknowledged, they are seen as qualitatively different. This perspective is also prevalent in conservation and ecological discussions of human impacts on tropical forests. A growing body of archaeological and historical evidence demonstrates, however, that humans influenced physical, chemical, and biological systems through large regions of tropical forest starting as early as 45,000 years ago. This evidence challenges the idea, prevalent in global scenarios of anthropogenic land cover change, that human influence on tropical forests was limited until the colonial or industrial era. This paper reviews the role of tropical forests in the Earth system and, through a synthesis of archaeological data, critiques the prevailing view of anthropogenic influence on tropical forests in the pre-industrial world. We suggest that any definition of the anthropocene should account for the long history of human modifications to tropical forests. Archaeological and palaeoenvironmental research in these ecosystems is also critical to the broader debates in the social and natural sciences around the onset and utility of the anthropocene concept, and the potential for long-term, sustainable occupation of tropical forest environments.

Anthropization of natural areas accelerated biodiversity loss and climate changes. Thus, it is imperative that all economic sectors adjust to sustainability precepts, collaborating to the maintenance of ecosystems. Therefore, we questioned: Are sustainable companies developing sufficient actions to preserve and/or conserve biomes where they are installed? To answer, we estimated the biodiversity impacts on the Brazilian biomes developed by 11 companies which's participated, uninterruptedly, in all ISE portfolios between 2005 and 2014. We used the LIFE certification methodology (Lasting Initiative for Earth) to qualify and quantify the minimum externalities, and mitigations of each corporation. Ten corporations generated 96% of total externalities, while mitigated only 10%. One financial institution did not develop mitigations, and one company of chemical/petrochemical sector described biodiversity in Brazil as irrelevant and insignificant. Only company of paper/cellulose mitigated their externalities. This company developed 77% of total scores calculated, by creating 41,600 ha of Protected Areas. Thus, the forest sector mitigated 30% of total externalities calculated for the 11 companies. That is, the organizations analyzed here demonstrated that they do not yet internalize the importance of promoting biodiversity conservation actions as a way to minimize their impacts. The LIFE certification methodology can be considered an additional tool for environmental management, indicating areas in which a company has the potential to improve management through the calculus of partial results of externalities. Also, the methodology allows for the strengthening of transparency of sustainability of companies on the Brazilian Stock Exchange (B3) and society as a whole, once the mitigation of environmental impacts through biodiversity conservation actions contributes to promoting the resilience and resistance of ecosystems, allowing the maintenance of ecosystem services, generating social welfare, economic consciousness and environmental equilibrium.

Over the course of the past decade, in response to United Nations General Assembly resolutions calling for the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems (VMEs), the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization has closed 14 areas around the high-seas portion of Grand Bank and Flemish Cap to protect deep-sea coral and sponge habitats from impacts by bottom-contact fishing gears. Structural and functional connectivity for those areas were not explicitly considered in the area-selection process. We applied a particle-tracking model in each of four seasons to produce dispersal trajectories at the surface and 100 m from start points within the closed areas. These were run in forecast and hindcast modes to identify dispersal kernels. Currents at the surface, 100 m, 1000 m and “on bottom” were examined under an independent model (NEMO) to infer structural connectivity among the areas at relevant depths not available in the particle-tracking model. Spawning times and planktonic larval duration of the dominant sponges, sea pens and gorgonian corals were then considered to evaluate the trajectories as bio-physical models, while species distribution models identified potential source populations from hindcast projections. Five of the 14 areas, including the three largest closures, showed particle retention, with three others showing retention within 10 km of their boundaries. The regional pattern of currents and their topographic forcing emerged as a strong structuring agent. A system of weakly-connected closed areas to protect sea pen VMEs on Flemish Cap was identified. The conducted approach illustrates the added value of assessing/modelling networking properties when designing MPAs.

Brazil is the second largest soybean producer in the world with a planted area in the crop year 2017/18 of 33.347 million hectares, distributed in the Pampa, Atlantic Forest, Cerrado, and Amazon biomes. Through remote sensing techniques we show that the new agricultural frontier of soy is no longer in the Amazon, but in the last continuous areas of Cerrado, present in the region known as MATOPIBA. The soybean production chain has been striving to present to its overseas customers a soy produced in a sustainable way, without the removal of forests. Our data challenge its main program, the Amazonian Soy Moratorium, and we call attention to the conservation need of the MATOPIBA Cerrado, which is not monitored by Soy Moratorium.

We investigated the occurrence of 20 precisely defined structural microhabitats on trees in mature (>120 years old) lowland beech forests in Germany that represented 12 managed, 5 recently unmanaged and 2 reference (>100 years unmanaged) stands. To promote naturalness assessments in forest inventories and for biodiversity monitoring, we analysed (1) which microhabitats on individual trees are characteristic for reference stands, (2) the heterogeneity in types and frequency of microhabitats, and (3) the link between structure-based indicators and threatened species of saproxylic beetles.The number and diversity of microhabitats was significantly higher in the reference stands. We found there on average about 250 microhabitats/ha with almost 7 of the total of 20 different microhabitat types/circular plot of 500 m2. Fourteen individual microhabitat types were significantly (P < 0.01) more frequent in the reference stands.Multi-habitat trees with up to seven different microhabitat types on an individual tree were more common in the reference stands. We found a strong linear correlation between the number of microhabitats and the dbh of the habitat tree in the references but not in the managed or recently unmanaged stands. Consequently, the architecture of large trees in the reference stands reflects the ecological continuity of these forests.We also analysed the frequency of threatened saproxylic beetles in relation to the presence of tree microhabitats. Only recently unmanaged stands showed a clear correlation between the habitat supply with microhabitats and the threatened saproxylic beetles. The number of threatened saproxylic beetles was high in the reference and low in the managed stands without a correlation with the number of microhabitats.We propose that microhabitats are a reliable monitoring tool for assessing and reporting on biodiversity of forests that naturally have a high structural heterogeneity and show examples for implementing microhabitats into forest inventory and monitoring as a measure of nature conservation.

The recognition of a species as invasive is generally accepted when it comes from another continent or even from another country, but requires strong evidences of negative impacts to support control actions when the invasive species comes from another region in the same country. Schyzolobium parahyba – the ‘guapuruvu’, is a Brazilian tree native from the evergreen type of the Atlantic Forest, which has been recorded as invader in a number of remnants of the Seasonally Semideciduous Forest – SSF. We hypothesized that this giant and fast growing invasive tree changes the structure and composition of the understory, thus impairing the forest dynamics. We assessed the invasive population in the whole fragment, and, within the portion invaded, we sampled the regenerating plant community 1) under the largest alien trees, 2) under a native species with similar ecology (Peltophorum dubium), and 3) randomly in the forest. Density, basal area and richness under S. parahyba were remarkably lower than under the equivalent native species or in the understory as a whole. Floristic composition of the plant community was also distinct under S. parahyba, possibly due to increased competition for soil water. Even though the alien species has occupied, as yet, a small proportion of the forest fragment, it dominates the overstory and threatens the regeneration processes under its canopy. In view of our findings, we recommend extirpation of the species from SSF, as well as avoiding cultivation of the species away from its native range.

Mangrove forests provide critical services around the globe to both human populations and the ecosystems they occupy. However, losses of mangrove habitat of more than 50% have been recorded in some parts of the world, and these losses are largely attributable to human activities. The importance of mangroves and the threats to their persistence have long been recognized, leading to actions taken locally, by national governments, and through international agreements for their protection. In this review, we explore the status of mangrove forests as well as efforts to protect them. We examine threats to the persistence of mangroves, consequences, and potential solutions for effective conservation. We present case studies from disparate regions of the world, showing that the integration of human livelihood needs in a manner that balances conservation goals can present solutions that could lead to long-term sustainability of mangrove forests throughout the world.

Variation in the composition of the tree population is common throughout the history of a well-preserved forest community, with this natural process maintaining the forest structure and giving rise to ecological processes necessary for the perpetuation of the ecosystem. However, fragmentation of forests can lead to the collapse of such a structure, especially when natural thinning of the dominant tree species is accompanied by other significant changes. This paper traces changes in the composition of the community of a forest of relevant ecological interest in Campinas (SP, Brazil) as that forest moves toward deterioration as indicated by a massive loss of individuals of fundamental species composing the canopy and subcanopy. The death of trees of the species traditionally forming the canopy, the result of natural processes, was probably intensified by anthropic factors, and led to a general destructuring of the community. The aim of this paper is to demonstrate that the dynamics of these fundamental species can be used as an indicator of the conservation of the ecosystem, as well as indicating the installation of a process which will lead to the collapse of the structure if adequate measures of adaptive management are not taken before the destructuring is irreversible.

This study evaluates the impact of hunting on mammalian and avian species in Atlantic forest fragments of the Mata de Planalto in the State of São Paulo, Brazil. Colonists who farm on the edge of fragments also hunt for subsistence within fragments. Hunters commonly take the two peccary species, tapir, brocket deer, armadillos and agoutis. Primates are rarely hunted in this region. Effects of hunting on species were measured by changes in relative abundance of species between four sites with similar sizes (approximately 2000 ha each), but different hunting pressures (two slightly hunted and two heavily hunted). In addition, one large protected area (35 000 ha) was also censused. Species abundances were measured during 18 months along 2287 km of line transects. Abundances of tapirs, brocket deer, white-lipped peccaries, armadillos and coatis decreased between slightly hunted and heavily hunted sites. Abundances of collared peccaries, agoutis, primates and guans did not show any trends with hunting pressure. Extirpations of tapirs and white-lipped peccaries at heavily hunted sites suggest that in forest remnants encroached by people, hunting exacerbates effects of fragmentation, such as genetics and demographics, and is probably the most important factor in emptying these forests of large species over the short-term.

Our study evaluated the anthropogenic threats to the common sloth in the Atlantic forest (AF) by analyzing data collected in wildlife governmental centers. Interesting, new biological data could also be reported. The main risks identified were the road network and falls, followed by domestic dogs and electric shocks. Tourism and preliminary evidences of locally distinct biological features were suggested as potential menaces to conservation of the AF common sloth populations. The birth season within the southeast appears to be the rainy season, but that is not the case in the northeast. Finally, the weight of adult individuals was reported not to vary between sexes. Data were confirmed by the highest number of individuals ever analyzed. Thus, although neotropical wildlife governmental centers usually cope with the lack of human resources, this study highlights that their records can be successfully used to add important biological information to the conservation and study of neotropical wildlife.© 2014 Associação Brasileira de Ciência Ecológica e Conservação. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltd

In response to the increasing loss of biodiversity, several countries have adopted offsetting policies that seek to balance habitat destruction by restoring, enhancing and/or protecting equivalent values offsite. Such mechanisms are increasingly important in quarrying, where habitat loss may be unavoidable due to colocation of mineral resources and areas of biodiversity importance. Seeking to contribute to advance understanding of the current gaps and challenges, biodiversity offsetting required for environmental approval of three limestone quarries in compliance with Brazil's Atlantic Forest Act, a federal law that aims at protecting this biodiversity hotspot, were investigated. Both protection and restoration offsets were applied at area ratios from 1:1.1 to 1:5. Offset implementation costs ranged from ~3 to ~8% of quarry investment. The main difficulties reported by practitioners are finding suitable areas, lack of methods to calculate residual losses and uncertainties about the success of restoration. Internationally recommended best practices are partially followed with the highest adherence observed for the quarry whose environmental impact study was more detailed and provided a stronger basis for designing the offset. Results suggest that the quality of offset planning and implementation is directly related to the quality of the environmental impact assessment.

Helminth identification and egg counts were performed in 316 fecal samples during 4 years in 199 golden lion tamarins (GLTs), Leontopithecus rosalia, from two Brazilian conservation units. Tamarin sex and age, area of occurrence and helminth co-infection were tested as potential factors that could affect helminth prevalence and egg shedding in host individuals. Three nematodes species were found at low prevalences but not in both conservation units: Ancylostomatidae (12%), Ascarididae (1%) and Tripanoxyuris minutus, an Oxyuridae (4%). Three other species had high prevalences and were found in both conservation units: one acanthocephalan, Oncicola sp. (30%), and two nematodes, Spiruridae (24%), and Trichostrongylidae (31%). These three latter helminths had distinct prevalences between the conservation units, probably due to differences in availability of helminth infective stages in each area. Prevalences were greater in females for all helminth species; this was especially the case for Oncicola sp. Sex and age differences in helminth prevalence may be associated with changes in sexual steroid levels that accompany age and reproductive status. Frequency of simultaneous infections by the two helminths considered most pathogenic (Oncicola and Trichostrongylidae) were statistically lower than expected; this may be related to: (i) higher tamarin death rate caused by the association; (ii) differences in exposure to helminth infective stages in the various areas of occurrence; (iii) and competition between these helminth species. All helminth species followed a negative binomial distribution, with stronger clumping occurring in Trichostrongylidae and in female GLTs. Distinct transmission strategies of Oncicola sp. and Spiruridae, in contrast with Trichostrongylidae, may partially explain the different clumping levels of these helminths in GLTs. Mean fecal egg counts of all helminths were not different between GLT sexes, ages or areas of occurrence. The three most common helminth species may be a threat to isolated or dense GLT populations.

Multivariate analyses of floristic composition at the genus level were performed on a set of 31 tree inventories from 12 sites in the Brazilian Amazon, one site in the Bolivian Amazon, and one in the northeast Brazilian Atlantic coastal forest. All plots are terra firme forests on clay or loam soil. Rainfall ranges from 1600 to 2600 mm/year. Floristic dissimilarity between plots was associated with three factors: (1) physiognomic type, with a distinct separation between evergreen ‘dense’ and the more seasonal ‘open’ forests; (2) geographic distance and (3) past disturbance. Among the dense forest plots those from central Amazonia are floristically intermediate between western and eastern regions, strengthening the hypothesis that central Amazonia is an area of phytogeographical confluence. Based on this work forest physiognomy and distance have been suggested to policy-makers as unbiased indicators of floristic dissimilarity and these proxies are now being used to define priority conservation areas for the Brazilian Amazon.

Assessing the landscape as a whole is an important step towards the understanding the landscape’s functionality and, consequently, identifying areas with different levels of ecosystem functions (EF)/landscape functions (LF) and services (ES). The main aim of this paper is present a framework to map LF considering the landscape approach. Our study case was a watershed located in the mountain region of Rio de Janeiro state. To achieve the goal, we defined landscape units and ecosystem functions. Based on it, a correlation matrix was produced and sent to experts for consultation. Then, we map the potential of landscape units to provide EF. The result showed that, of 23 landscape units, six units had relevance for habitat, information and regulation functions; five showed potential to perform production and regulation functions, one unit showed potential to perform habitat maintenance and information functions. Seven units showed relevance for only one function category. This study highlights how multifunctional a landscape can be. It was evident that different landscape components are able to provide a wild range of EF. Moreover, this represent a high capacity to propose sustainable alternatives for landscapes—knowing the landscape unit potential to provide LF it is possible to indicate the best options for its use and potentialize the LF provision. It was evident that well managed landscapes are also capable to provide LF.

The greater part of the semi-deciduous moist forests of the Congo basin has been given to logging companies for exploitation. In the next decades, very few of these forests will remain intact. In this paper, we aimed to identify large-scale variations in the structure, composition and functioning of African moist forests that could serve as a baseline for both management and conservation purposes. Commercial forest inventory data were assembled for 49,711 0.5-ha plots, covering an area of more than six million hectares, crossing the borders of Cameroon, Central African Republic and Republic of Congo. Floristic composition was analyzed for a subset of 176 genera reliably identified in the field. Three key functional traits of tropical trees: regeneration guild, leaf phenology, and wood specific gravity, were collected at the species level from various sources, and assigned at the genus level. We first investigated the main variations in forest structure and composition, and identified seven forest types based on these variations. Differences in the percentage of pioneer and deciduous stems, and mean wood specific gravity were tested between forest types. Most of the study area was composed of a mosaic of the structural variations of the forests characterized by the occurrence of Celtis (Ulmaceae) species, which are mostly composed of frequent and abundant genera that formed the common floristic pool of the region. Secondary Musanga (Moraceae) forest is located in repeatedly disturbed areas, along roads and around main cities; mixed Manilkara (Sapotaceae) forest covers a huge area in the southern Central African Republic and in the northern Republic of Congo; and monodominant Gilbertiodendron (Fabaceae) forest is sparsely distributed along rivers. The contrasted structure, composition, and functioning of the forest types imply pronounced differences in population and ecosystem processes, and call for adapted management and conservation strategies.

The high demand for the fruit of Schinus terebinthifolius, known as the Brazilian Pepper Tree, has generated attention for vegetation studies in the São Francisco River Basin, Sergipe State, Brazil. The fruit is heavily exploited and the genetic consequences of the exploitation are currently unknown. The objective of this study was to estimate the genetic diversity of three distinct populations of S. terebinthifolius from Caatinga, Atlantic Forest, and Ecotone, and to define priority areas between them for conservation in the river basin. The studied area is located along 81.52 km of the São Francisco River Basin. The sample of 162 individuals was studied by ISSR molecular markers. There are recent genetic bottlenecks in studied populations, and the genetic differentiation among populations was Fst = 0.27. The populations from the Caatinga and Atlantic Forest biomes presented a low level of genetic divergence (0.14). There was no correlation between the genetic and spatial distance between the populations. We detected genetic barriers and nine distinct genetic groups (K = 9). The presence of exclusive loci in each studied population provides evidence to support the definition of these populations as potential management units for conservation.

Garcinia lucida Vesque (Clusiaceae) is a highly valued non-timber forest tree. The bark and the seeds are exploited and commercialised for medicinal purposes and palm wine processing in Cameroon, Gabon and Equatorial Guinea. The bark is often removed over almost the entire circumference of the stem, leading to high mortality. To identify the processes or the life stages that influence the population dynamics and to forecast the potential effects of harvesting, a demography study was carried and a matrix model was constructed to characterise the population dynamics of G. lucida in the South Cameroonian Atlantic humid forests. The study revealed that height and diameter growth values were very low and may constitute biological disadvantages for the dynamics of the species. The flowering and fruiting model, the absence of seed dormancy, and the high germination and seedling survival rates constituted advantages for the population dynamics, which is characterised by effective regeneration strategies. Rates of growth, survival and fecundity allowed calculations of transition probabilities of the matrix model. The value of the dominant eigenvalue (λ) was 1.063, slightly higher than the value expected for stable populations. The sensitivities of λ to changes showed that the population growth was most sensitive to changes in tree growth, particularly in the seedling stage. Elasticity analysis showed that growth and fecundity elements had much lower contributions to λ, indicating that the harvesting of seeds may have a low impact on population growth. However, the population growth was highly sensitive to changes in survival probability, particularly among trees of 5–10 cm, diameter at breast height (dbh). The last stages, containing the large reproductive individuals over 10 cm dhb, which are interesting for the bark extraction, accounted for lowest elasticity, indicating that the extraction of bark may have at least a low impact on population growth. Thus, there maybe a good scope for sustainable extraction of G. lucida bark in these stages. The size-class 5–10 cm dbh proved by loop analysis to be the most important reproductive stage for population maintenance. However, individuals in this size-class are also exploited by forest gatherers, and increased exploitation pressure on trees in this size-class is likely to have a considerable impact on the population growth and to compromise the scope for sustainable exploitation of this resource.

Preliminary, large-scale assessments of global sea-level rise (SLR) have predicted significant impacts to coastal and island biodiversity. Region-specific estimates of SLR impacts that incorporate accurate species distributions and local rates of SLR are now required for effective conservation planning. Here we use a dataset of > 13,000 occurrence records for lichens, obligate symbiotic fungi, in the Mid-Atlantic Coastal Plain of eastern North America to model distributions of 193 species. The resulting models were used to quantify the amount of each species' distribution that is occupied by unsuitable land use types, along with the potential area that will be lost to SLR. We show that species have likely already lost an average of 32% of their distributional area to development and agriculture, and are predicted to lose an average of 12.4 and 33.7% of their distributional area with one foot (~ 0.3 m) and six feet (~ 1.8 m) of SLR, respectively. Functional and taxonomic groups were compared to identify specific effects of SLR. We show that species reproducing with symbiotic propagules have significantly larger distributions than species that reproduce sexually with fungal spores alone, and that the sexually reproducing species are predicted to lose greater distributional area to SLR. Cladonia species occupy significantly less area in the MACP than Parmotrema species and are predicted to lose more of their distributions to SLR. We further examined patterns of total species diversity and found that the area with the highest diversity is the Dare Peninsula in North Carolina, which is also predicted to lose the most land area to SLR. The workflow established here is flexible and applicable to estimating SLR impacts worldwide and can provide essential insights for local conservation planning.

Tree rings provide valid predictions regarding species age and growth rates and, therefore, they can contribute to understand forest dynamics and ecology. In this work, we evaluated the tree rings of eight tree species from different successional groups that show distinct degrees of deciduousness in a seasonal semi-deciduous forest located in a transition zone between subtropical and the tropical climates in southern Brazil. We focused on wood anatomical markers, the annual nature of tree-ring formation, the description of false rings, a cross-dating analyses and an interpretation of the radial increment dynamics of the species. We sampled increment cores at breast height, performed cambial wounding and measured tree-ring widths. Annual tree rings were found in seven species, which were confirmed by cambium wounding. Differences in fiber wall thickness between latewood and earlywood and the marginal parenchyma were the main anatomical markers observed. Deciduous species had better distinction of tree ring boundaries, while the evergreen species had slightly distinct tree ring boundaries. False rings were characterized by variations in wood density and axial parenchyma bands of different widths within true tree rings. The annual tree ring confirmation and the anatomical description of the true and false rings are useful for future dendroecological research in the area. Considering the cross-dating analyses and tree-ring distinctiveness, Chrysophyllum gonocarpum is a recommended species. Regarding radial growth, the early secondary species had higher growth rates than the late secondary species. Assessing the growth trajectories over time, distinct patterns were observed among the species: a constant growth, an initial increase followed by a reduction, and oscillations of the growth were observed. As no consistent pattern of the growth trajectories was observed among species that belong to the same successional groups, they contribute to the explanation of the particular life history of these individuals in the seasonal semi-deciduous forest.

Effects caused by human management and natural disturbances as well as by ecological mechanisms such as those described, for example, by the Janzen-Connell and the herd immunity hypotheses play an important role in maintaining species diversity. These processes are often accompanied by local size-hierarchy effects and as a likely consequence of them we hypothesised that large plants generally have a tendency to show high species mingling, where plants and their nearest neighbours are heterospecific. To carry out a first benchmark study in forests from different parts of Europe, Africa and North America, we selected spatial data from twelve forest ecosystems and analysed the mingling situation based on an index of spatial species mingling. Using stem diameter at breast height and stem diameter differentiation among the nearest neighbours as explanatory variables we then applied logistic regression to explain mingling probability. Overall we found significant support for the expectation that large trees and trees growing at low local densities often (75% of all analysed forest stands) have indeed a tendency towards high species mingling. This supports our expectation that the tendency of larger trees towards high species mingling generally is either a consequence of disturbances/forest management or of the aforementioned ecological processes, although a few forest stands also deviated from the expected pattern. We also found that size differentiation and species mingling are strongly related in local neighbourhoods. Thus the results of our study strongly support the view that local species richness promotes local size hierarchy irrespective of climate zone. This leads to situations where in local neighbourhoods with large size diversity there is also high mingling and vice versa. This allows conservation to focus on maintaining or improving one diversity aspect, e.g. size diversity, whilst obtaining the other, e.g. species mingling, as a by-product.

The exploitation of non-timber forest products is often considered a low-impact activity in tropical forests. However, assessments of the impacts of such activity are mostly focused on the harvested species and not on the plant community, thus limiting our understanding for establishing forest management recommendations. We investigated the consequences of Euterpe edulis palm heart harvesting on the seed rain in the Brazilian Atlantic rainforest. We compared the density of E. edulis individuals, as well as the density of E. edulis seeds, and the density, richness and functional composition of seed rain of the whole plant community, before and after palm heart harvesting in a 10 ha permanent plot. This assessment was carried out in preserved (typical old-growth Atlantic rainforest) and in disturbed (more open habitat dominated by the native bamboo Guadua tagoara) forest patches. Palm harvesting reduced the E. edulis population from 202.16 to 25.67 ind/ha and its seed rain density from 0.362 to 0.3 seeds/m2 and from 2.395 to 0.15 seeds/m2 in preserved and disturbed forest patches, respectively. Seed density of light-dependent climbers, pioneer trees, bamboo and animal-dispersed seeds increased after palm harvesting, especially in the disturbed forest patches, where palm harvesting was more intense and may have changed the light regime of the understory. On the other hand, species richness of the plant community declined by half. We observed a remarkable decline in the number of animal-dispersed species, especially for those with large seeds, suggesting that the activity of seed dispersers, including many species attracted by E. edulis fruits, was reduced. Therefore, harvesting of E. edulis palm heart may change the regeneration dynamics of the Atlantic rainforest, both due to shifts in forest structure, mediated by the removal of individuals from the forest canopy, and in community functioning, mediated by the interference on the activity of seed dispersers.

Variable retention mitigates harmful effects of traditional practices on biodiversity of forest ecosystems, preserving habitats for species affiliated with closed forests and providing habitats for early-seral species. In Nothofagus pumilio forests variable retention effects on several taxa have been actively monitored in short- and medium-terms. However, these have rarely been investigated further than six years since harvesting, seldom considering multiple taxonomic groups in the same research. Furthermore, there is a lack of information about responses along the regional gradient of a forest natural distribution. We evaluated the effect of variable retention on plant and beetle assemblages, seven to eleven years after harvesting, in three locations along a regional gradient of the natural distribution of N. pumilio forest in Tierra del Fuego, Argentina.We surveyed three silvicultural treatments (aggregated retention-AR, dispersed retention-DR, old growth forests-OGF) at three localities, where we characterized understory vascular plant and beetle communities during mid-summer by species richness, abundance, Shannon-Wiener diversity and Pielou evenness indices, as well as community structure. We found 58 plants and 45 species of beetles. Assemblages of old growth forests showed differences among the three locations along the studied regional gradient, with only 25% of plants and one beetle shared among them. Plant distribution may be driven by microclimatic and geographical conditions, while availability of food resources or habitat structural complexity could influence beetles. Likewise, variable retention modified original assemblages with greater effects in DR than in AR. However, this trend was not uniform for each taxa or locality, and seems to be related to the composition of original assemblages and the influx of species from surrounding environments. The specialist vs. generalist quantities in the original assemblage could influence the resistance/resilience of the community, since old growth assemblages with a greater proportion of generalist and/or non-sensitive species could maintain more similarity between aggregates and old growth forest. The influx of species (mainly generalists or exploiters) occurred mainly in DR, generating higher dissimilarities between DR and OGF. The correlation between taxa was not so clear for all locations; therefore, retention effects cannot be generalized among taxa and localities. Finally, the utility of potential bioindicators in the whole region could differ for a particular locality, and vice versa. Particularities in the biotic assemblages of different taxa in a regional gradient are important for management and conservation planning, and support variable retention as a useful strategy to combine conservation and production objectives in a managed landscape.

The transformation of natural landscapes in extensive anthropogenic areas has significantly affected ecological processes, and studies that evaluate such changes are essential for the definition of conservation strategies. In this study, we sought to identify the variables influencing the occupancy of Atlantic forest fragments by the endemic and endangered maned sloth. We selected 33 sampling stations, distributed at least 500 m apart throughout the municipality of Santa Maria de Jetibá—ES, Brazil. We sampled each station five times to verify the presence or absence of the species and to collect local variables. Using GIS tools, we defined a buffer of 200 m around each fragment and calculated the landscape metrics. After analysis of collinearity, we selected six variables – three local variables, two at patch level and one at landscape level – to assess their effect on the occupancy and detection probabilities. We selected models using AICc and calculated the weight of evidence and ratio of the models as well as the cumulative weight of each predictor variable. We detected the sloth in 48% of the stations. Its occupation was positively correlated to two variables on the local scale: Important Feeding Trees and Canopy height. Our results show that the maned sloth respond to fine local scale variables, but not to landscape structure. This is probably associated with the relatively high proportion of forest cover in the study area, but it also indicates the maned sloth flexibility to occupy fragmented landscape. Based on our results, we reinforce the unquestionable importance of local variables for species occupancy within fragmented landscapes, such as those related with the forest structure, and it is particularly important for strictly arboreal species.

The Azores bullfinch (Pyrrhula murina) is an endemic bird of São Miguel island (Azores Archipelago, Portugal), currently threatened by two of the major causes of biodiversity loss worldwide: invasion of native habitats by exotic plants and habitat destruction by land use changes. The aim of this research was to develop and test a novel spatially explicit modelling framework that predicts the Azores bullfinch responses to alternative realistic scenarios of native forest management. This was done by integrating Multi-Model Inference statistical analysis, Stochastic-Dynamic Modelling and Geographic Information Systems under a common framework relating bird population trends to changes in the surrounding habitats. Overall, in the next 25 years, the Azores bullfinch breeding population was predicted to increase around 19% as a consequence of habitat management actions already implemented (“LIFE Priolo” project) or around 27% in the context of realistic future habitat restoration scenarios. These results represent, respectively, a supplementary increase of more 6% or more 13% in the Azores bullfinch abundance when compared with the trends simulated for the scenario without management. Nevertheless, those actions seemed to be relatively ineffective in promoting the expansion of the species from the actual restricted favourable area, essentially due to local forestry dynamics and on-going plant invasion processes. This novel integrative approach provides a promising baseline to support ecological models with increased realism and predictive power, making the outputs more useful and intuitive to decision-makers and environmental managers.

Reserva Natural Absoluta Cabo Blanco, a strongly seasonal deciduous forest located at the southernmost tip of northwestern Costa Rica's Nicoya Peninsula, was established in 1963 and is the country's oldest nationally protected reserve. The peninsula has been occupied for millennia and is a heavily impacted landscape, and, unfortunately, its biotic diversity is among the most poorly studied in Central America. As part of multiyear studies of the flora and fauna of the region, we assess the changes in vegetation and the terrestrial mammal community from earlier times to the present day. Through historical records, interviews with long-term residents of the area, and our studies over the past decade, we document changes in forest cover, settlement, and land use, and assess the changes in species diversity and in mammal species’ abundance. We then discuss the ecology of the mammal species on the peninsula, emphasizing the role that humans have played in influencing population levels.After 45 years of protection, the forest structure of the 3100 ha reserve differs markedly from that observed in the early 20th Century and it is quite heterogeneous. Species diversity of both the native vegetation and the mammals is substantial in the regenerating forest. The known mammal fauna included at least 37 species of non-flying mammals and 39 species of bats. Six species (Geoffroy's Spider Monkey, Giant Anteater, White-lipped Peccary, Central American Red Brocket Deer, Baird's Tapir, and Jaguar) have been extirpated from the reserve. Poaching of game species continues and will be difficult to eliminate completely. Nevertheless, with regenerating habitats, coupled with protection of wildlife, reestablishment of the reserve's native species has been dramatic both in terms of species diversity and abundance. The reserve is not in a defaunated condition. Many mammalian frugivores, seed dispersers, and/or seed predators are common and most top mammalian predators are present. We present several testable hypotheses regarding the significance of this mammalian community in the context of other Neotropical forest mammal and plant communities. Rapid expansion of tourism in this region has the potential to affect the reserve adversely. In recent years, the reserve has served as an important site for teaching tropical biology courses. Small reserves, such as Cabo Blanco, even if not connected to larger protected areas through corridors, provide critical habitat for native flora and fauna, a source of genetic stock, and valuable regional teaching and research sites.

This study investigated the response patterns of aboveground macrofungal communities to different management stages representing a forest conversion from Norway spruce (Picea abies) to European beech (Fagus sylvatica) in the Eifel National Park, Germany. We used a space-for-time substitution approach with three replicate study sites for each forest conversion stage: (I) even-aged single species Norway spruce, (II) unmanaged Norway spruce windthrow, (III) salvage-logged Norway spruce windthrow, (IV) single Norway spruce tree selection cutting (close-to-nature managed) with European beech underplanting and (V) old-growth, uneven-aged European beech (as reference). We assessed environmental variables and macrofungal sporocarps, while the latter were categorized into functional groups to link taxonomic information to potential ecosystem functions.Overall, we observed 235 macrofungal species. The highest species richness was found in the European beech reference stage, followed by the close-to-nature managed spruce/beech stage, while the Norway spruce stage showed approximately half the species richness, similar to the species level of both windthrow stages. Non-metric multidimensional scaling (NMDS) ordination separated each forest conversion stage into distinct fungal communities, while both windthrow stages could not be distinguished from each other. Beside tree species composition change and forest management, nutrient availability and microclimate were the main drivers of fungal community changes among the five differently-managed stages. Further, different functional groups responded in different patterns to forest management and to explanatory environmental variables.We reinforced the assumption, that old-growth, uneven-aged European beech forests (>120 years) can act as a refugium for unique forest type specific fungal communities with a higher functional structure, especially contrary to non-native, even-aged Norway spruce forests (∼70 years). Single Norway spruce tree selection cutting with further introduction of European beech trees can be an adequate strategy to allow a spruce forest conversion without necessarily reducing the macrofungal species richness and its functional structure. We displayed that ecological consequences of windthrow events can be a depression of fungal species richness and a collapse for the functional structure of fungi, especially after salvage logging. Our study underlines the need of including fungal conservation in forest conversion plans to optimize forest ecosystem integrity and resilience against biotic and abiotic agents, such as windstorm events.

With climate change, natural resource managers are faced with the challenging task of planning the conservation of habitat for threatened species. Classified as "threatened" under the Species at Risk Act in Canada, the Bicknell's Thrush (Catharus Bicknelli - BITH) is a migratory bird whose range is highly restricted. Bioclimatic models project more than 50% loss of suitable habitat - high elevation dense balsam fir (Abies balsamea) forests - in the northeastern USA by 2050 due to climate change. We used BITH as a case study to demonstrate the value of forest landscape models (e.g., LANDIS-II) to support decision-making on conservation of habitat of threatened species. We modeled the impacts of forest management and natural disturbances, as well as climate-induced changes, on forest stand and landscape structure. Under RCP climate forcing scenarios 2.6, 4.5 and 8.5, simulations projected significant changes in dominant tree species biomass, from coniferous to broadleaved deciduous, implying important losses of mature balsam fir forest. Climate change was projected to have severe effects with major changes projected to occur after 2080 and losses of more than half of BITH suitable habitat by 2100 for “worst-case” climate change scenarios. This contrasts with results from bioclimatic models which do not capture the expected lags in vegetation responses to changing climate. Our results also suggest that innovative forest management strategies could help maintain BITH habitat abundance under RCP 2.6 and RCP 4.5 climate forcing. Such results can provide guidance for considering effective long-term conservation of habitat for threatened species in a changing world.

The study of tree community dynamics may help improve our understanding of forest ecosystem function. Here, we aimed to investigate the influences of climate, soils, landscape, forest structure, and chronic anthropogenic disturbances on tree community demography in the fragments of Araucaria Forest in Southern Brazil. Nine forest fragments were inventoried between 2008 and 2012, and were inventoried again from three to six years later. For the tree community in each forest remnant, we calculated mortality, recruitment, basal area loss- and gain, net changes, and turnover rates. For each study area, we also measured altitude, climate, soil type, fragment patch metrics, cattle presence, and tree component structure. We used Principal Component Analyses (PCA) to order the multivariate data (Tree community dynamics: demographic rates; Climate: altitude + climate; Patch metric: area + core + shape + Cai). The relationships between the patterns of the dynamics and the explanatory variables were subjected to regression tree analyses and t tests. We found that the Araucaria Forest dynamics mainly varied in terms of tree mortality and basal area loss rates. In general, mortality and basal area loss rates were smaller within larger fragments, which had a greater proportion of interior areas. Therefore, we concluded that anthropogenic fragmentation is a key driver of tree community dynamics in the Araucaria Forest of Southern Brazil. Based on our results, we would recommend (i) the protection of small and large tracts of forest fragments; and (ii) incentives to promote the silviculture of the most relevant timber species, the light demanding Araucaria angustifolia, in the deforested lands of the region.

In tropical forests and savannahs worldwide, hundreds of species of cavity-nesting vertebrates depend, for nesting and roosting, on the limited resource of tree cavities. These cavities are produced by avian excavators and decay processes in trees infected with heart-rot fungi. Conservation of cavity-nesting communities requires a solid understanding of how cavities are produced and used; however, no studies have examined the interactions among cavity producers and consumers in tropical forest. Moreover, the role of heart-rot fungi in producing cavities for nesting vertebrates has not been studied at the community level anywhere in the world. We studied a “nest web”, or interspecific hierarchical network of cavity producers and users, in the Atlantic forest, a tropical biodiversity hotspot of high conservation concern, in South America. We searched for active nests in tree cavities from 2006 to 2010, and determined the species of trees, heart-rot fungi, and avian excavators that produced the cavities and the species of non-excavating birds (secondary cavity-nesters) that used them. We identified two main pathways that produced the cavities used by non-excavators. Thirty-three percent of passerine nests and 9% of non-passerine nests were in cavities produced by avian excavators; the majority of nests (83% overall) were in cavities produced directly by decay processes including mechanical damage, invertebrate damage, and fungal decay (non-excavated cavities). Trees bearing cavities produced by excavators were 2/3 the diameter of those bearing non-excavated cavities, had eight times the odds of being dead, and 37 times the odds of being colonized with heart-rot fungi in the family Polyporaceae s.l. (vs. Hymenochaetaceae that were dominant in trees bearing non-excavated cavities). In contrast to nest webs in North America, the Atlantic Forest nest web was characterized by high diversity and evenness of interactions, whereby non-excavating bird species did not depend on any one species of tree, fungus or avian excavator for cavity production. The community should thus be relatively robust to extinctions of cavity producing species. However, on-going destruction of large living trees with non-excavated cavities is likely to disrupt the major pathway of cavity production, and may result in a shift toward greater dependence on excavated cavities in smaller, dead trees, infected with Polyporaceae and occupied primarily by passerine birds. To conserve cavity-using communities in tropical forests, governments and certification agencies should implement policies that result in the retention of several large living trees per hectare.

In late June 2017, a forest fire occurred in Doñana Natural Park, which is located in southwestern Europe. Many animal and plant species, some of which are threatened, suffered from the impact of this fire, and important ecosystems in the European Union were seriously affected. This forest fire occurred under exceptional weather conditions. The meteorological situation was studied at both the synoptic scale and the local scale using meteorological fields in the ERA-Interim global model from ECMWF (European Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasts), the WRF (Weather Research and Forecasting) mesoscale model and ground observations collected at El Arenosillo observatory. Anomalies were obtained using records (observations and simulations) over the last two decades (1996–2016). An anticyclonic system dominated the synoptic meteorological conditions, but a strong pressure gradient was present; positive high pressure anomalies and negative low pressure anomalies resulted in intense NW flows. At the surface, wind gusts of 80 km h−1, temperatures up to 35 °C and relative humidity values <20% were observed. In terms of anomalies, these observations corresponded to positive temperature anomalies (differences of 12 °C), positive wind speed anomalies (>29 km h−1) and negative relative humidity anomalies (differences of 40%). The forest fire reached El Arenosillo observatory approximately 8 h after it began. When the fire started, record-setting maximum values were measured for all gases monitored at this site (specifically, peaks of 99,995 μg m−3 for CO, 951 μg m−3 for O3, 478 μg m−3 for NO2, 116 μg m−3 for SO2 and 1000 μg m−3 for PM10). According to the temporal evolution patterns of these species, the atmosphere over a burnt area can recover to initial atmospheric levels between 48 and 96 h after an event. The impact of the Doñana plume was studied using hourly forward trajectories computed with the HYSPLIT (Hybrid Single-Particle Lagrangian Integrated Trajectory) model to analyse the emission source for the burnt area. The Doñana fire plume affected large metropolitan areas near the Mediterranean coast. Air quality stations located in the cities of Seville and Cadiz registered the arrival of the plume based on increases in CO and PM10. Using CO as a tracer, measurements from the AIRS and MOPITT instruments allowed us to observe the transport of the Doñana plume from the Strait of Gibraltar to the Mediterranean. Finally, after two days, the Doñana forest fire plume reached the western Mediterranean basin.

The impacts of forest-related land use and management on soil organic carbon (SOC) stocks have been investigated through years of primary research and review articles. This attention is justified given the importance of land use and management to greenhouse gas mitigation, soil and forest productivity, and other ecosystem services. However, there is a gap of scale and scope between site-level studies that control for sources of variation, producing high-confidence results for limited locations, and the broad reviews that offer more general conclusions. The present analysis is intended to fill that gap. Here, we focus on six ecoregions of the eastern United States, and integrate meta-analysis of published literature with synthesis of geo-referenced soil observations to: (1) test whether common land use and management practices quantitatively impact SOC; (2) identify key sources of variation in these effects; (3) assess how sources of variation translate to decisions about land use and management at ecoregional to landscape levels. Results corroborate general trends, such as O horizon SOC losses with harvesting and fire and SOC gains during reforestation, but provide greater detail about the influence of specific practices and site-level controls on SOC stocks and change in the study region. Results also show that: (1) harvest impacts depend upon landform and soil taxonomy; (2) harvesting forests that are recovering on previously cultivated lands decreases SOC; (3) tree biomass and SOC recovery increase concurrently during reforestation; (4) specific harvest, site preparation, and fire management practices affect the magnitude and variability of changes in SOC. Perhaps more importantly, ecoregional classification and soil taxonomy provide spatial frameworks for placing quantitative estimates of SOC stocks and changes in the geographic context of the study region, providing greater detail and specificity for individuals and institutions concerned with SOC management at more localized levels.

Understanding how animals move in a complex habitat mosaic is critical to biodiversity conservation as deforested lands and secondary rainforests accumulate in landscapes previously dominated by primary forests. To visualize the spatiotemporal dynamics of secondary forest recovery after pasture abandonment, we formed a conceptual model predicting avian space use during a temporal sequence beginning with deforestation and continuing through regrowth of old secondary forest. We tested five predictions of the model at the Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragments Project near Manaus, Brazil, using 73 radio-tagged understory insectivores of three species: two woodcreepers (Glyphorynchus spirurus, Xiphorhynchus pardalotus) and a terrestrial antthrush (Formicarius colma). Both woodcreepers provided evidence to support all predictions except that of greater path tortuosity in primary forest. Woodcreepers using secondary forest had larger home ranges, larger core areas, and faster movement rates than in primary forest. Further, the proportion of all species' core areas in primary forest exceeded the proportion of home ranges in primary forest. Formicarius colma showed a fundamentally different pattern than the woodcreepers: it essentially avoided secondary forest until 27–31 years after pasture abandonment, at which point movements were indistinguishable from those in primary forest. Formicarius colma and other terrestrial insectivores show implastic spatiotemporal responses to recovering secondary growth, which we suspect contributes to the sensitivity of this guild to forest disturbance. Quantifying the value of marginal (and economically inconsequential) habitats such as secondary forest will be essential as land managers strive to maintain species persistence and connectivity in increasingly heterogeneous tropical landscapes.

Although the Amazon Forest comprises the world’s largest rainforest, providing fundamental ecosystem services to human well-being, vicissitudes imposed by deforestation, climate change, widespread use of fire and development of new infrastructure make the region critically vulnerable to the consequences of the creation of new forest edges. In this forest fragmentation scenario, temporal assessment of edge effects influences throughout the life of the trees become necessary for a better understanding of how species are affected and react when exposed to altered environments. In this study, we evaluated the temporal influence of the edge effect on the growth dynamics of Scleronema micranthum (Ducke) Ducke by tree-ring analysis based on basal area increment and release events. This species is one of the most frequent tree species of terra firme type of forest in Central Amazonia at the Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragment Project (BDFFP) study sites. The results showed that edge effects changed the growth dynamics of the trees for at least 10 years after the disturbance, inducing an 18% reduction in tree growth during this period, and records of increased release events. We concluded that growth rings of edge trees are a valuable bioindicators for evaluating the temporal extent of edge effects, and therefore, they must be considered as relevant ecological indicators of historical environmental changes and forest fragmentation, promoting new insights into the resilience ability of trees when exposed to forest fragmentation processes.

The success of protected areas as a management tool for biodiversity conservation remains as a challenge, and broader approaches for protected area management have been proposed. Considering biodiversity conservation as an issue of the commons and within the realm of social-ecological systems is a promising alternative. In Brazil protected areas are under a State management regime, ruled by the National System of Conservation Units. The Ecological Station of Guaraqueçaba (ESG) is a no-take protected area located in the Paranagua Estuarine Complex, surrounded by traditional communities. In this article, Ostrom's design principles were adapted to assess the institutional dynamics of this protected area management, during two periods. Research methods included semi-structured interviews, participant observation and document analysis. During the first period, management actions were oriented to prevent the conversion of forest areas into anthropic occupations. The second period originated in 2000 with the creation of the National System of Conservation Units, which established more precise management tools and mechanisms for participatory decision making. In both periods there was low fulfillment of Ostrom's principles. The main changes over time were the creation of the ESG management council as a conflict-resolution mechanism, and an increase in the recognition of the rights of local communities. Yet, only three of the eight principles are totally present in the current institutional arrangement (well-defined boundaries, conflict-resolution mechanisms, and minimal recognition of rights). The results suggest a not robust institutional arrangement in terms of commons sustainable management.

We assessed the level of atmospheric contamination by S, N and metals before, during and after the installation of a new thermoelectric plant that provides power to an oil refinery in Cubatão, SE Brazil. We measured the foliar accumulation in Lolium multiflorum “Lema” with the aim of evaluating risks to the Atlantic Rainforest that grows in the region. Al, Co, Cr, Cu, K, N, Ni, S, V and Zn were appropriate markers of the new air contamination profile associated with the modern technology. With the exception of V, the leaf contents of these elements significantly increased between the pre-operation to post-operation phases (Al, Co, N, K, S), or only during the transition phase (Zn, Cu, Cr, Ni), and returned to the previous levels after the total shutdown of the old system. Therefore, the expected environmental gain was not achieved with the installation of the new technology.

Changes of the social-political system in the last twenty-five years heavily affected biodiversity conservation in the post-soviet Central and Eastern European (CEE) countries. We used a framework to present the effect of the two fundamental social, political and economic changes on the biodiversity and ecosystems of Hungary from 1989 until recently. First, following the democratic transformation in 1989 social, political, economic and institutional drivers led to the increase in farmland biodiversity, improvement of water quality due to less chemical use and decrease of habitat loss within protected areas. At the same time, land privatisation and uncertain ownership led to habitat degradation, abandonment and fragmentation. These changes were coupled with the spread of alien species and re-ploughing. The second change was joining the European Union in 2004. This resulted in the establishment of the Natura 2000 network, the application of the relevant EU policies, and access to conservation related EU funds, which contributed to successful habitat restorations increasing of some charismatic species' populations. Meanwhile, however, disappearance of extensive farming practices, agricultural intensification and infrastructural developments driven by some increasing EU funds led to a net habitat loss, degradation and decline in biodiversity, with more than half of the species of European importance having unfavourable conservation status. Increased support for conservation institutions, adaptive and extended agri-environment schemes and further research and monitoring to establish, refine and supervise sustainable management practices, including water management, are needed to prevent further biodiversity loss in the coming years.

The southern portion of South America, which encompasses high and exceptional lineage diversity, is well-suited to studies addressing the interaction between biogeography and local environmental conditions and how this historical process and environmental variables affect distribution patterns. We here assessed the role of environmental variables and spatially autocorrelated processes in driving tree species distribution patterns in the whole southern South America forests. We compiled a dataset containing 110,087 occurrence records of 3183 species distributed into 742 sites across six countries and 13 biomes. We modeled the influence of both environmental and spatial variables related to geographic distribution limitations on the variations of species composition through partial canonical redundancy analysis. We built such models for each of our four datasets: the whole extratropical area of South America; Atlantic and Pampa Biomes; dry communities east of the Andes; and communities west of the Andes. Both spatial and environmental variables affect tree species composition in the southern region of South America, although a major role is played by the “pure” spatial fraction. This greatest significance of spatial structures reinforces the importance of historical process for this region and the floristic dissociation existing between the tropical and extratropical portion of South America. We argue that the southern South American forests (especially their temperate portion) should not be lumped into the Neotropical Floristic Province, an idea of utmost importance for the conservation of these high-diversity austral forests.

As an aid in waterfowl habitat conservation planning, we predicted change in wetland area between the 1950s and 1970s and the 1970s to 1990s along the United States Atlantic Coast. We developed zero-inflation models using logistic regression to predict occurrence and linear regression to predict area for six wetland classes: estuarine emergent, lacustrine, and palustrine emergent, forested, scrub-shrub, and unconsolidated bottom. A prediction grid of 10.36 km2 cells was established for the study area. We predicted wetland class area for cells for four decades: 1950s, 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. Wetland occurrence and area measurements from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s Wetlands Status and Trends Study (WST) sample plots served as response variables. Spatial structure in the WST data was preserved by interpolating residuals at plot locations and summing predicted residuals and predicted wetland area for each cell. Wetland changes reflect conversion both to and from upland as well as to and from other wetland classes. We predicted a 30.7 thousand ha decline in estuarine emergents in the study area from the 1950s to 1970s, but an increase of 0.9 thousand ha between the 1970s and 1990s. Predicted lacustrine area increased 161.6 thousand ha from the 1950s to 1970s, but declined 5.4 thousand ha from the 1970s to the 1990s. A loss of 731.4 thousand and 189.9 thousand ha of palustrine emergents was predicted from the 1950s to 1970s and from the 1970s to 1990s, respectively. Palustrine forested was predicted to have declined by 536.5 thousand ha between the 1950s and 1970s and 985.8 thousand ha between the 1970s and 1990s. Palustrine scrub-shrub was predicted to have declined 562.6 thousand ha between the 1950s and 1970s, but increased 119.2 thousand ha between the 1970s and 1990s. Finally, palustrine unconsolidated bottom wetlands were predicted to have increased 159.2 and 142.8 thousand ha between the 1950s and 1970s and 1970s and 1990s, respectively. Predictions were most reliable for estuarine emergent, lacustrine, and palustrine forested classes, probably due to the restricted distribution and relative constancy of the estuarine emergent and lacustrine classes. Reliable palustrine forested predictions were likely due to the association of this class with watercourses and the relationship between the predictor variables and lotic habitats. Predictor variables were likely less relevant for palustrine emergent, scrub-shrub, and unconsolidated bottom, where model fit was poorer. Human activities such as agriculture and forestry probably contributed to the poorer model fit for these classes.

Little is known about how biotic interactions will influence the distributions of vegetation types under climate change, but these interactions could determine the effectiveness of conservation actions aimed at encouraging ecosystem migration. Tidal marshes are threatened by sea-level rise worldwide unless losses are offset by landward migration. We conducted extensive vegetation surveys within tidal marshes and tested for evidence of ecosystem migration across three scales in adjacent coastal forest in southern New England. We found widespread shifts in tidal marsh vegetation over decadal scales toward a greater extent of flood-tolerant species (e.g. a 5.4% annual increase in Spartina alterniflora), but no evidence that coastal forest is changing in a compensatory manner. We found low mortality and high growth rates for trees at the forest edge, suggesting that marsh migration is unlikely in the near term. This apparent mismatch in rates of ecosystem change is likely to result in losses in the extent of high elevation marsh, threatening the persistence of tidal marsh specialists that depend on these areas for reproduction.

Natural World Heritage Sites (NWHS), via their formal designation through the United Nations, are globally recognized as containing some of the Earth's most valuable natural assets. Understanding changes in their ecological condition is essential for their ongoing preservation. Here we use two newly available globally consistent data sets that assess changes in human pressure (Human Footprint) and forest loss (Global Forest Watch) over time across the global network of terrestrial NWHS. We show that human pressure has increased in 63% of NWHS since 1993 and across all continents except Europe. The largest increases in pressure occurred in Asian NWHS, many of which were substantially damaged such as Manas Wildlife Sanctuary. Forest loss occurred in 91% of NWHS that contain forests, with a global mean loss of 1.5% per site since 2000, with the largest areas of forest lost occurring in the Americas. For example Wood Buffalo National Park and Río Plátano Biosphere Reserve lost 2581 km2 (11.7%) and 365 km2 (8.5%) of their forest respectively. We found that on average human pressure increased faster and more forest loss occurred in areas surrounding NWHS, suggesting they are becoming increasingly isolated and are under threat from processes occurring outside their borders. While some NWHS such as the Sinharaja Forest Reserve and Mana Pools National Park showed minimal change in forest loss or human pressure, they are in the minority and our results also suggest many NWHS are rapidly deteriorating and are more threatened than previously thought.

Over the last centuries, natural forests have been replaced by extensive and homogeneous tree monocultures that cause strong impacts on ecological interactions and ecosystem processes. We expect, however, that ecologically-sustainable management practices can help to mitigate these effects. This study investigates how the replacement of Araucaria Forest by ecologically-managed tree monocultures affects leaf damage patterns produced by external chewers, internal chewers, leaf miners, galling insects, and pathogens, as well as the incidence of epiphylls. The study was performed in the São Francisco de Paula National Forest (southern Brazil) on 12 1-ha plots of Araucaria Forest and ecologically managed plantations of Araucaria, Pinus and Eucalyptus. Overall, 9955 leaves of the understory community (up to 1 m tall) were sampled and analyzed. The mean and the frequency distribution pattern of leaf damage were very similar between Araucaria Forest and all three tree monocultures. Also, there was no difference between habitats in the percentage of leaves attacked by different feeding guilds of insect herbivores and by pathogens. Araucaria Forest had a higher percentage of leaves with epiphylls than Eucalyptus plantation, probably due to its shadier and moister microclimate. Ecologically managed tree monocultures sustain a wide variety of herbivorous insects, pathogens and epiphylls which helps the maintenance of key ecological interactions and the functioning of the ecosystem.

Rates of interfragment movements were estimated for small mammals inhabiting a group of eight Atlantic Coastal Forest fragments, surrounded by grassland matrix, in order to understand the degree to which each species' population was isolated. Didelphis aurita showed the greatest movement rate (19.4% of recaptures showing interfragment movements), followed by Metachirus nudicaudatus (10.0%), Philander frenata (7.5%), Nectomys squamipes (3.6%), Micoureus demerarae (1.2%) and Akodon cursor (0.25%). Interfragment movements were not detected for Caluromys philander, Oecomys concolor and Oligoryzomys nigripes. Species can be placed along a continuum which goes from species that are represented by a single population in the whole study area, through those with metapopulations, to species that have isolated populations in each fragment. Ability to move among fragments was not related to abundance in the matrix; nevertheless, such ability helps to explain the persistence of species in fragments otherwise too small to support viable populations.

Fire is among the main threats to forest ecosystems in Ethiopia and is affecting the forest biodiversity, including fungal communities. This study was aimed to examine the effects of fire on macrofungal taxa richness, diversity and sporocarp production in the Dry Afromontane forests in Ethiopia. Sporocarps were collected from nine plots (100 m2) established in one- and ten-year-old burned stands, and in an unburned stands. The data were used to quantify fungal richness and sporocarp fresh weights. Morphological and molecular analyses were used to identify the fungi. Composite soil samples were also collected from each stand and used to determine main edaphic explanatory variables for taxa composition. A total of 61 fungal taxa, belonging to Basidiomycota division were reported, of which 22 were edible. Fungal diversity, richness and sporocarp production were affected just after the fire. Fungal community composition was significantly correlated with Organic matter, P and Ca. Generally, the result is encouraging from the point of view of fungal conservation. It provides novelty information about the macrofungal communities in Ethiopian dry Afromontane forests, likely including many taxa are still unknown to science as well as several edible species which could supply complementary incomes for the rural populations in the study area.

Global warming has caused significant environmental and socio-economic impacts on the global and local scales. Based on the definitions of vulnerability and resilience provided by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, some ecological and management indicators have been developed for forest systems. Using Dempster-Shafer’s theory of evidence, forests were subdivided into different classes of vulnerability and resilience. Results enabled the estimation of economic damages to forests by 2050. The findings of this study are useful in promoting further research and guiding management decisions towards sustainable environmental policies on the monitoring and mitigation of climate change damage.

Both plantation forests and native woodlands are currently facing challenges in the form of rapid climatic change and unprecedented increases in damage by exotic pests and diseases. To combat these problems it has been proposed that a range of novel exotic tree species (non-native species that have not yet undergone thorough operational testing or previously been grown at a forestry scale) should be grown as part of an adaptive management strategy, and that non-native (including novel) species should be introduced into native woodland. Justifications for this policy are that novel exotic species are required to maintain forest productivity under climate change, to create a more diverse, and by implication more resilient forest, and to substitute for native species threatened by introduced pests and pathogens. Here we examine these arguments in the context of British forestry, where there is a long history of utilising non-native species. On the basis of this documented experience we conclude that in the commercial sector of British forestry, where production is the main objective, there are strong arguments for undertaking a programme of rigorous testing and domestication of a very limited number of the most promising novel exotics which, in addition to good timber and growth, also have attributes that will allow the development of more naturalistic silvicultural systems and a move away from current clear-fell regimes. However this must be undertaken within a comprehensive risk assessment framework, where candidate species are rigorously screened both for any biosecurity threats, and their potential for causing ecological damage if they become invasive outside their initial planting sites. Widespread planting of candidate species should only be recommended after the completion of full species and provenance trials, and when reliable sources of appropriately adapted seed have been established. Conversely where conservation of biodiversity is an objective we find no support for introduction of any non-native species. This is based on the greater ecological and economic risk they pose compared to the use of native species. Use of non-natives is likely to lead to an increase rather than a decrease in pest and disease problems, and to hinder rather than support the retention of threatened native tree species and their associated biodiversity.

Using a recent environmental controversy on the U.S. east coast over the conservation of red knots (Calidris canutus rufa) as a lens, I present a history of North American efforts to understand and conserve migratory shorebirds. Focusing on a few signal pieces of American legislation and their associated bureaucracies, I show the ways in which migratory wildlife have been thoroughly enrolled in efforts to quantify and protect their populations. Interactions between wildlife biologists and endangered species have been described by some scholars as “domestication”—a level of surveillance and intervention into nonhuman nature that constitutes a form of dependence. I pause to reflect on this historical trajectory, pointing out the breaks and continuities with older forms of natural history. Using the oft-mobilized Foucauldian metaphor of the panopticon as a foil, I question the utility and ethics of too-easily declaring “domesticated” wildlife an act of “biopower.” Instead, I argue that Jacob von Uexküll’s “umwelt” from early ecology and ethology, and more contemporary Science and Technology Studies (STS) analyses emphasizing multiple ontologies, offer more illuminating accounts of endangered species science. Neither science, conservation, nor history are well-served by the conflation of wildlife “surveillance” with the language of Foucauldian discipline.

Floodplain deposits in the valley of the Moskva River contain a series of buried soils of the Holocene age, which can be an important source of paleoecological information. These soils were dated as follows: Soil 1 — 100 BP, Soil 2 — cal 1200 AD–500 BC, Soil 3 — 900–2700 BC, and Soil 4 — 3700–6000 BC. Archeological monuments associated with these soils belong to the Neolithic (Soil 4), Early Bronze Age (Soil 3), and Iron Age and Middle Ages (Soil 2). Buried soils have well developed profiles and diagnostic features. Dark-colored soils of the Atlantic period (Soil 4) in most cases can be attributed to Phaeozems. Pollen analysis shows that these soils were formed under forest-steppe communities. Buried soils of the Subatlantic period (Soil 2) are usually referred to as Luvisols. Unlike them, the soils of the Subboreal period (Soil 3) are traced in rare cases and have no clear diagnostic features allowing reconstruction of the paleoenvironment. These soils have a light-colored humus horizon, which does not allow them to be classified as Phaeozems. However, they do not have the Bt horizon characteristic of Luvisols. This paper describes the results of a new comprehensive study of the Moskva River floodplain near the Zvenigorod Biological Station (ZBS) of Moscow State University. The buried soils of the Atlantic and Subboreal periods were studied by palaeopedological and palynological methods. The findings confirmed previously obtained results and indicated that the buried Soil 3 at the ZBS site could be developed under mixed forests dominated by spruce. These results suggest that the landscapes of the lower levels of the valley changed dramatically between 5000 and 4500 cal BP. The forest-steppe communities were replaced by dense forests due to the early Subboreal climate change. The paper also examines the specifics of soil and pollen records of the landscape evolution. The anthropogenic influence on the floodplain landscapes is also considered.

The Atlantic forest biome in Brazil possesses many suitable tree species for cultivation and restoration purposes. This biome was the most rapidly and extensively exploited forest type in Brazil and it displays areas ill-suited for eucalyptus cultivation. Since tropical tree species usually do not form growth rings and long-term growth data are still not available in Brazil, this study addressed a new approach to diameter growth rate estimation. The approach was developed in order to alleviate the shortage of species-specific growth information for the Atlantic forest biome. The two reasons for developing the approach were: (1) the possibility of increased ecological and economic diversification of plantation forests beyond eucalyptus, and (2) the potential to identify suitable tree species for restoration programs in the biome. Either reason requires growth models with sound biological properties. The data used in this study came from 20 native forest fragments and included six tropical tree species. Forest inventory to assess forest growth was first conducted in 2003, while the re-measurement was conducted in 2008. A non-linear exponential model, containing an asymptote parameter as a function of stand density, was fit to estimate tree species diameter growth rate for each of the six tree species in the study. Additionally, based on the exponential model, a formulation of the time required for each tree species to reach a given diameter was developed. The fitted models exhibited high variability among the six tree species, but they performed well with respect to tree growth behavior. Since the model accounted for stand density, it was possible to predict how different stand densities would affect each tree species growth over time. Finally, the tree species Triplaris gardneriana Weddell, Inga vera Willd. and Xylopia brasiliensis Spreng are recommended as potentially fast-growing tree species in the Atlantic forest biome. These tree species exhibited good growth rates regardless the stand density simulated (1600/ha, 2000/ha, and 2400/ha) to reach a dbh of 10 cm (Xylopia brasiliensis Spreng - 16 years, 17 years, and 18 years; Triplaris gardneriana Weddell - 15 years, 17 years, and 21 years; Inga vera Willd. - 25 years, 25.5 years, and 26 years) and showed promising potential for both restoration and production programs. The developed approach reveals a unique diameter growth rate prediction method.

We measured plant community composition and productivity, soil accretion, and C, N, and P burial in a tidal freshwater forest of the Altamaha River, Georgia to gain a better understanding of the ecosystem services they deliver and their ability to keep pace with current and future rates of sea level rise. Ten species were identified in two 0.1 ha plots. Nyssa aquatica (Tupelo Gum) made up 50% of the density and 57% of the total basal area. Nyssa biflora, Liquidambar styraciflua, and Fraxinus pennsylvanica were the next dominant species, collectively accounting for 37% of the density and 26% of the total basal area. Taxodium distichum only accounted for 3% of the density, but 12% of the total basal area. Aboveground productivity, measured as litterfall and stem wood growth, averaged 927 and 1030 g/m2 in 2015 and 2016, respectively, with litterfall accounting for 60% of the total. Tidal forest soils in the streamside and the interior (0–60 cm) contained 3–6% organic C, 0.20–0.40% N, and 270–540 µg/g P. Soil accretion based on 137Cs was 4.0 mm/year on the streamside and 0.2 mm/year in the forest interior. The rate of accretion in the interior is considerably less than the current rate of sea level rise (3.1 mm/year) along the Georgia coast. Because the accretion rate was much higher on the streamside, rates of C sequestration, N and P accumulation, and mineral sediment deposition also were much greater. Low accretion rates in the interior of the forest that accounts for most of the acreage suggests that accelerated sea level rise is likely to lead to foreseeable death of tidal forests from saltwater intrusion and submergence.

Restoration of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) in Lake Ontario could potentially be negatively affected by the presence of non-native salmonids that are naturalized in the basin. Coho salmon (Oncorhynchus kisutch) have been spawning successfully in Lake Ontario tributaries for over 40 years and their juveniles will reside in streams with juvenile Atlantic salmon for one year. This study sought to examine interspecific diet associations between these species, and to compare diets to the composition of the benthos and drift in three Lake Ontario tributaries. Aquatic insects, mainly ephemeropterans and chironomids were the major prey consumed by subyearling Atlantic salmon whereas terrestrial invertebrates made up only 3.7% of the diet. Ephemeropterans and chironomids were the primary aquatic taxa consumed by subyearling coho salmon but, as a group, terrestrial invertebrates (41.8%) were the major prey. In sympatry, Atlantic salmon fed more actively from the benthos whereas the diet of coho salmon was more similar to the drift. The different feeding pattern of each species resulted in low interspecific diet similarity. There is likely little competition between these species for food in Lake Ontario tributaries as juveniles.

This study evaluated Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) implementation in a smallholder settlement in an Atlantic forest reserve in Paraguay, designed to stop and reverse deforestation due to expansion of subsistence agriculture, which was identified to be the main deforestation or forest degradation threat that may spread beyond the settlement. However, an analysis to test the additionality of PES revealed that the carrying capacity of agriculture in La Amistad prior to PES implementation in 2009 was 4969 people, much higher than the 2009 population size of 472. This implied that agricultural expansion beyond the settlement was unlikely to occur even without PES and that the main threat was something else. Despite this, PES was shown, via linear model construction, to decrease agricultural expansion (β=−0.292) alongside household age (β=−0.256). Conversely, if households perceived themselves to have received help in having alternative sources of income, agricultural expansion increased (β=0.395). These findings warn that any help rendered has to be carefully designed to prevent it from being counter-effective against forest conservation. The final linear model explained only 29.8% of agricultural expansion, suggesting a need to investigate effects of other intervention measures on other threats for more effective forest conservation.

Reducing large-scale deforestation in commodity frontiers remains a key challenge for climate change mitigation and the conservation of biodiversity. Public and private anti-deforestation policies have been shown to effectively reduce forest loss, but the conditions under which such policies get adopted are rarely examined. Here we propose a set of conditions that we expect to be associated with the adoption of effective anti-deforestation policies in commodity frontiers. We then examine whether these conditions have influenced policy adoption in South America’s major soy-and-cattle frontiers: the Brazilian Amazon, the Cerrado, the Chaco, the Chiquitano, and Paraguay’s Atlantic Forest. By collating empirical data from diverse sources, including literature review, extensive expert interviews, and analysis of primary and secondary data, we show that the Cerrado, the Chaco, and the Chiquitano differ from the Brazilian Amazon in multiple ways that might have inhibited adoptions of effective anti-deforestation instruments. These conditions include: a higher importance of the agricultural sector within the respective countries, lower carbon stocks and species richness, higher prevalence of private land tenure, and higher baseline compliance with forest reserve regulations on private lands. We also observe that the adoption of the most effective private anti-deforestation instrument, commodity moratoria, may respond to similar conditions as those influencing the adoption of public instruments. Incentivizing public and private actors to adopt effective anti-deforestation policies in the Cerrado, Chaco, and the Chiquitano will likely be more challenging than it has been in the Brazilian Amazon.

The restoration of cattle grazing areas is a significant challenge for tropical forest restoration because of the effects of soil degradation and the competition between native trees and exotic grasses. To identify the major factors that impede forest restoration efforts, we examined the effects of different grass species, soil types and management techniques on the outcome of two species of tree seedlings in abandoned pastures. We compared the initial (12 months) seedling survival rates and growth of a fast-growing tree (Inga edulis) and a slow-growing tree (Campomanesia xanthocarpa), growing in Cambisols and Gleysols, using different management practices (till vs. no-till) and in the presence of two exotic grass species. Soil conditions were the most significant factor for influencing seedling performance, for both species; the grass species used in the pasture was less important. The flooding conditions in Gleysols may have potentially limited the seedling growth by affecting the height and diameter of C. xanthocarpa. Our results support the claim that soil conditions are the primary factors that negatively affect the growth and survival of native tree seedlings in abandoned farmlands. Restoration efforts that employ fast-growing native species should be chosen to increase the chances of restoration success in wet pasture areas.

Tropical forest conservation and management can significantly benefit from information about the spatial distribution of tree species. Very-high resolution (VHR) spaceborne platforms have been hailed as a promising technology for mapping tree species over broad spatial extents. WorldView-3, the most advanced VHR sensor, provides spectral data in 16 bands covering the visible to near-infrared (VNIR, 400–1040 nm) and shortwave-infrared (SWIR, 1210–2365 nm) wavelength ranges. It also collects images at unprecedented levels of details using a panchromatic band with 0.3-m of spatial resolution. However, the potential of WorldView-3 at its full spectral and spatial resolution for tropical tree species classification remains unknown. In this study, we performed a comprehensive assessment of WorldView-3 images acquired in the dry and wet seasons for tree species discrimination in tropical semi-deciduous forests. Classification experiments were performed using VNIR individually and combined with SWIR channels. To take advantage of the sub-metric resolution of the panchromatic band for classification, we applied an individual tree crown (ITC)-based approach that employed pan-sharpened VNIR bands and gray level co-occurrence matrix texture features. We determined whether the combination of images from the two annual seasons improves the classification accuracy. Finally, we investigated which plant traits influenced species detection. The new SWIR sensing capabilities of WorldView-3 increased the average producer’s accuracy up to 7.8%, by enabling the detection of non-photosynthetic vegetation within ITCs. The combination of VNIR bands from the two annual seasons did not improve the classification results when compared to the results obtained using images from each season individually. The use of VNIR bands at their original 1.2-m spatial resolution yielded average producer’s accuracies of 43.1 ± 3.1% and 38.8 ± 3% in the wet and dry seasons, respectively. The ITC-based approach improved the accuracy to 70 ± 8% in the wet and 68.4 ± 7.4% in the dry season. Texture analysis of the panchromatic band enabled the detection of species-specific differences in crown structure, which improved species detection. The use of texture analysis, pan-sharpening, and ITC delineation is a potential approach to perform tree species classification in tropical forests with WorldView-3 satellite images.

Land planarians are recognized as important predators, yet studies on their feeding habits are usually restricted to invasive species. Thus, it is difficult to determine the real ecological role of this group in ecosystems and how their communities are structured. In the present study, we analyzed the diet of six co-occurring Neotropical land planarians and their success in capturing prey, based on experiments in the laboratory, in order to determine how they share resources in the same environment. We also calculated indices of food niche breadth and food niche overlap for land planarians for the first time. The diet of Luteostriata abundans comprises only woodlice and the diets of Obama ficki and Obama ladislavii are composed only of gastropods, while Paraba multicolor and Obama anthropophila feed on both gastropods and other land planarians. An invasive species recently found in Western Europe, Obama nungara, showed the highest food niche breadth, feeding on gastropods, earthworms and planarians. We found the highest niche overlap between O. anthropophila and P. multicolor. The results suggest that land planarians are frequent predators of woodlice and land gastropods in the Neotropical ecozone and thus are important for the maintenance of native ecosystems and for the control of invasive species. The coexistence of several species in the same habitat is possible due to the use of different species as main prey, which reduces interspecific competition.

The main goal of the present study was to test if two sympatric species of Heliconia, Heliconia spathocircinata and Heliconia laneana var. flava, differ in their reproductive seasons and guilds of flower visitors. Twenty-four sampling sessions were conducted monthly between February 2001 and January 2003. Individuals of H. spathocircinata and of H. laneana var. flava were tagged within a transect of 4000×4 m. Reproductive phenophases (flowering, unripe, and ripe fruits) were recorded, and circular statistics were used to test for the regularity and frequency of phenophases. Flower visitors were observed during two flowering periods for each species. Both species had well-defined and synchronous reproductive periods, with a small overlap, suggesting a sequential flowering model. Biotic and abiotic factors seem to affect phenophases of both species. However, herbarium data suggest that the flowering period in H. spathocircinata varies less than in H. laneana, despite its wider geographic distribution. The hummingbird Phaethornis idaliae was the main floral visitor of both Heliconia species studied. H. laneana was also legitimately visited by another hummingbird species, Glaucis hirsuta, and by Lepidoptera. Some Lepidoptera, particularly the bee Trigona spinipes, were illegitimate visitors (‘nectar robbers’). We suggest that the flower of H. spathocircinata allowed a wider array of visitors, because it is bigger.

Tropical rain forests support a remarkable diversity of tree species, questioning how and when this diversity arose. The genus Guibourtia (Fabaceae, Detarioideae), characterized by two South American and 13 African tree species growing in various tropical biomes, is an interesting model to address the role of biogeographic processes and adaptation to contrasted environments on species diversification. Combining whole plastid genome sequencing and morphological characters analysis, we studied the timing of speciation and diversification processes in Guibourtia through molecular dating and ancestral habitats reconstruction. All species except G. demeusei and G. copallifera appear monophyletic. Dispersal from Africa to America across the Atlantic Ocean is the most plausible hypothesis to explain the occurrence of Neotropical Guibourtia species, which diverged ca. 11.8 Ma from their closest African relatives. The diversification of the three main clades of African Guibourtia is concomitant to Miocene global climate changes, highlighting pre-Quaternary speciation events. These clades differ by their reproductive characters, which validates the three subgenera previously described: Pseudocopaiva, Guibourtia and Gorskia. Within most monophyletic species, plastid lineages start diverging from each other during the Pliocene or early Pleistocene, suggesting that these species already arose during this period. The multiple transitions between rain forests and dry forests/savannahs inferred here through the plastid phylogeny in each Guibourtia subgenus address thus new questions about the role of phylogenetic relationships in shaping ecological niche and morphological similarity among taxa.

Hematological measures are increasingly being used to analyse the impact of several stressors on the physiological condition of animals. Landscape degradation and habitat loss impacts terrestrial and volant mammals occurrence, however rarely the effects of these factors on physiological conditions and stress levels were analyzed. Here, we measured several hematological parameters to analyse the impacts of habitat amount on the physiological condition (body condition and health status) and stress level of four species of Neotropical fruit-eating bats. We measured hematocrit, hemoglobin concentration and calculated the hemoglobin-hematocrit residuals (HHR) and mean cell hemoglobin concentration (MCHC), as well as the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (N/L ratio) of four common frugivores bat species (Artibeus lituratus, Artibeus planirostris, Sturnira lilium and Carollia perspicilatta). The bats were captured in 20 landscapes within the Atlantic Forest biodiversity hotspot, in a gradient from 10 to 85% of habitat amount. We tested the influence of habitat amount, species, sex and reproductive condition on the physiological variables. We fit GLM to each of the response variables and performed a model selection to identify the most plausible to explain the patterns. N/L ratio was negatively influenced by habitat amount, while the other variables were not related to habitat amount. Overall, we found that habitat loss apparently did not jeopardize the physiological condition of fruit-eating bats and that stress level apparently is not high enough to have any deleterious effect. We suggest that the increase in glucocorticoids, indirectly assessed by the N/L ratio, is a predictive, beneficial response, that allow these bats to cope efficiently with the stressors associated with habitat loss.

In northern Morocco, forest and silvopastoral areas have always formed an integral part of goat feeding and consequently of extensive livestock systems. However, it was reported that these areas are now going through a gradual degradation mainly due to overgrazing, resulting in land use-land cover (LULC) changes. Doubts persist about actual goat grazing impacts on forest and silvopastoral cover changes. Detecting and understanding drivers of LULC changes has become a central component of current strategies for managing natural resources to implement appropriate development policies. The objectives of this study were to assess the forest and silvopastoral cover changes and transition among five major land cover classes that took place in the last three decades (1984–2014), to verify the hypothesis that goats act as a main driver of forest and silvopastoral degradation, and to explore the perception of stakeholders based on remote sensing data, field surveys, and overall statistics. Between 1984 and 2014, forest and silvopastoral areas declined by 25% (matorral included). Farmers and local institutions all agreed that drought, fire, soil erosion, and population growth are the most striking drivers of forest and silvopastoral decreases. One being utilitarian and the other protectionist, they have conflicting perceptions about the effect of agricultural expansion, authority policy, deforestation, and overgrazing. The forest cover change is impacted by interaction among different change drivers. The levels of forest degradation depend on the intensity of this interaction. The outcomes confirm the alarming decrease in the amount of forest and silvopastoral cover. These results can be used as the first guide for future studies and decision-makers, focusing on the real drivers of forest and silvopastoral degradation, so as to develop targeted intervention to secure sustainable and sufficient resources needed for animal and population well-being.

Estuarine gradients rule the dispersal of larval fishes leading to community replenishment and the recruitment of juveniles to adult populations. Here, the variations in density and diversity of fish larvae communities were assessed to understand whether the seasonal variability of environmental forcings in two tropical estuaries express the estuarine function for larvae. Spatial differences ruled larval dispersal. Larval recruitment to the Caeté Estuary occurs in the upper estuary in the late-dry season. Species richness is higher when temperature, salinity and precipitation increase, while changes in diversity is more pronounced in the lower estuary due to salinity variability. Larval recruitment to the Goiana Estuary occurs in the lower estuary, with peaks during wet warmer conditions. Species richness and diversity are also higher seawards. Thus, the seasonal fluctuation of the salinity ecocline had a greater power to predict larvae distribution and diversity by retaining larvae in essential habitats with suitable environmental conditions.

Governance challenges are frequently underestimated in forest landscape restoration. Forest restoration practitioners are generally foresters or ecologists and their focus tends to be limited to the specific restoration interventions themselves, such as removing exotic species, protecting sites for natural regeneration and re-planting indigenous trees. Indeed there are many technical challenges, unknowns in technical aspects of forest landscape restoration and knowledge gaps. However, and even more so when dealing with large scales, additional challenges that fall under the governance umbrella such as tenure, policy measures and institutions have a significant impact on restoration, influencing it either positively or negatively. Conversely, the landscape-scale restoration work itself can influence and shape governance arrangements. This paper attempts to explore this wider relationship between large scale forest restoration − and specifically forest landscape restoration (FLR) − and governance. It is intended to assist and provide guidance to forest landscape restoration practitioners, researchers and policymakers on the consideration and importance of governance, and alternative ways in which the two-way relationship (between governance and FLR) plays out. A framework is proposed to support practitioners, researchers and decision-makers to address governance in forest landscape restoration.

In European cultural landscapes, forest area is subdivided into a mosaic of stands of different ownership types and sizes. Differences in ownership and different goals of the owners have a potentially decisive influence on the provision of forest ecosystem services and the implementation of instruments for the conservation of biodiversity. This study hypothesizes that forest ownership is an indirect determinant of forest management approaches and is thereby relevant for biodiversity conservation and carbon sequestration. We compared structure and species composition of forest stands in clusters of different ownership types, namely state-owned, municipal and small-scale private forests, in southwestern Germany. Although close-to-nature management has been practiced in public forests for some time, our study demonstrates that tree species diversity does not vary significantly between ownership types but is correlated with biogeographical factors. However, small-scale private forests comprise significantly higher levels of structural diversity, more dead wood and greater carbon storage capacity than both categories of public forests. This is contrary to other studies, where publicly owned lands were found to host higher biodiversity, and differs from the global trend, where continued fragmentation of private lands threatens forest sustainability. The importance of small-scale private forests, e.g. for the conservation of old-growth and dead wood dependent species, seems due to less intensive and more diverse forest management. The role of such forests for biodiversity conservation and carbon regulation may be jeopardized through forest conversion and wood mobilization initiatives accompanying rising natural resource prices. To safeguard forest biodiversity and ecosystem services, ownership-specific incentive schemes should be coordinated and refined. In public forests, close-to-nature management approaches should be complemented with binding goals aimed at promoting old-growth forest attributes and allowing site-specific variation in management practices. To conserve diversity in small-scale private forests, financial incentives and remuneration schemes for the provisioning of forest biodiversity and ecosystem services should be developed. Moreover, consulting and the provision of information on sustainable forest and conservation management should be intensified.

Plant invasion is a major threat to natural ecosystems, and mangrove forests are among the most threatened ecosystems in the world. However, since mangrove species primarily occur in the saline and intertidal environment that is inhospitable for most terrestrial and freshwater plants, it is commonly assumed that mangrove forests are resilient to plant invasion. Still, many salt tolerant aquatic and terrestrial plants as well as epiphytes are found to invade the mangrove forests, and we know little about those invasive plants, their functional traits, invasion patterns and pathways and their ecological consequences. In a survey of global literature, we found a total of 57 plants reportedly invasive in the world’s mangrove forests. These plants possessed the traits of salinity tolerance, tolerance to anaerobic condition, high fecundity and rapid growth. About 19% of invasive plants were anthropogenically introduced for coastal land stabilization, and the rests were accidental introduction. Invaders were found to colonize along the forest edges or forest interior, but mostly in the raised lands. That is, the presence of diversified microhabitats such as raised land and intertidal mudflat might help both halophytic and non-halophytic plants to invade the mangrove forests. Some invaders (30%) were transient, but many (70%) could persist for a longer time; and these species could modify habitat conditions, impede natural regeneration of mangroves and disrupt their faunal assemblage. Together, plant invasion in mangrove forests is much more widespread and problematic than commonly perceived, underscoring the need for the integration of invasive plant management strategy into mangrove forest management.

As global climate becomes warmer, the maintenance of the structure and function of Mediterranean forests constitutes a key challenge to forest managers. Despite the need for forest adaptation, an overall evaluation of the efficacy of current management strategies is lacking. Here we describe a theoretical framework for classifying management strategies, explicitly recognizing trade-offs with other, untargeted ecosystem components. We then use this framework to provide a quantitative synthesis of the efficacy of management strategies in the Mediterranean basin. Our review shows that research has focused on strategies aimed at decreasing risk and promoting resistance in the short-term, rather than enhancing long-term resilience. In addition, management strategies aiming at short-term benefits frequently have unintended consequences on other adaptation objectives and untargeted ecosystem components. Novel empirical studies and experiments focusing both on adaptation objectives and multiple responses and processes at the ecosystem level are needed. Such progress is essential to improve the scientific basis of forest management strategies and support forest adaptation in the Mediterranean basin.

The international trade of forestry and agricultural commodities leads distant regions across the globe to become connected through flows of products, information and capital. To deal with the sustainability and socioeconomic challenges of these interconnections, the ‘telecoupling’ conceptual framework has emerged. The telecoupling framework takes a coupled human-natural system approach to understand connections between different systems, classifying them as ‘sending’, ‘receiving’ and ‘spillover’ systems. This paper uses the telecoupling framework to investigate how distant systems are connected through flows of eco-certified forestry products and demonstrates how these connections drive environmental law compliance at the rural property level. We identify rural properties with eucalyptus plantations in Paraíba Valley, São Paulo State, Brazil as a sending system, and trace the outgoing flows of cellulose pulp to receiving systems. China and the European Union are the receiving systems, having been the major importers over the last 10 years. Using a multitemporal and spatial approach, we found that between 1995 and 2005 rural properties containing eucalyptus plantations with FSC certification had higher rates of native forest cover regeneration than properties without FSC certification. Native forest conservation and regrowth in rural properties in Paraíba Valley is an effect of the telecoupled system based on the international demand of eco-certified cellulose pulp from elsewhere. Additionally, we find that the telecoupled system also results in impacts on surrounding areas in the Atlantic forest landscapes, which we identify as an adjacent spillover system.

Habitat loss and degradation are perceived as main factors threatening biodiversity. Historical rather than contemporary processes are often responsible for present patterns of species’ distribution, but their respective contributions are not always easy to disentangle. The strict forest specialist, sedentary, highly phylopatric Bechstein’s bat (Myotis bechsteinii) is an ideal model species to assess the effect of historical landscape transformations in the current distribution patterns of forest species. Although to date the species has been considered almost absent from the Mediterranean range (Southern Europe), recently it has been shown to be common in certain spots there. We test whether the present distribution and ecological preferences of the species in this area are related to biogeographical constraints or to clearance of forests from preferred areas. We assessed roost selection, spatial ecology, foraging habitat selection, and prey selection in Atlantic and Mediterranean domains of the Iberian Peninsula. Ecological requirements appeared conserved throughout, but roost selection appeared less constrained in the Mediterranean localities. Hunting occurred preferentially inside closed deciduous oak forest in both regions, but commuting distances and foraging areas were larger in the Atlantic, together with higher habitat fragmentation and lower prey availability. The same prey taxa were eaten in both regions, although their frequency in the diet varied, matching differences in availability. Consequently, scarcity of these bats in Mediterranean Iberia seems to be better explained by the retreat or loss of deciduous forests due to human impacts, coupled with climate change.

Using a territorial and integrative approach based on ecological and socioeconomic factors, we envision innovative policies and initiatives aiming to reconcile urban economic development with rural conservation and restoration projects. The Paraíba Valley of São Paulo State represents an example of territory where the region's urban development has affected land use and land cover changes, rural production systems, economy, and population dynamics with effects on environmental conservation. Forest restoration projects, rural tourism, urban to rural migration, and demands of urban consumers for more sustainable food production are becoming important linkages of the Valley's coupled urban-rural system. In this study, we demonstrated how place-based policies and payment for ecosystem services may foster rural socioeconomic development allied with environmental conservation outcomes. The coupled rural–urban systems emerge as a strong concept to deal with the synergies and potential linkages among rural and urban areas, capable to promote more sustainable farming systems and improve ecosystem services.

The ecology and reproductive biology of the crab-eating fox (Cerdocyon thous) and the pampas fox (Lycalopex gymnocercus) were studied in Itapuã State Park, an Atlantic Forest fragment. In this study we describe their activity patterns (diel, lunar, and seasonal), reproductive period, density, spatial distribution, and habitat overlap. The crab-eating fox was more abundant than the pampas fox, occurring in all types of habitats and overlapping with the pampas fox only in the southern portion of the study area, covered by open vegetation. Both canid species presented nocturnal habits and C. thous showed no significant differences in activity among lunar phases or else year season. The density of C. thous was estimated to be 0.78 ind/km2. The crab-eating fox reproduced once a year, generating pups during spring (October to December). In comparison with C. thous populations from lower-latitude regions the relatively low density and one reproductive event per year that we observed are probably related to a colder climate, shorter photoperiod, and shortage of food resources in the winter, characteristic of southern Brazil.

Invasive alien species are a threat to protected areas, species, and habitats worldwide. At the European level, the control of invasive alien species is a major goal of the EU Biodiversity Strategy, and a cornerstone, in this sense, is the Regulation (EU) no.1143/2014 on invasive alien species. In this study, we focus on the Alpine and Continental biogeographical regions of Europe (defined in art. 1 of the Habitats Directive; 92/43/EEC), and aim to give an overview of the main protected forest habitat types threatened by invasive alien species, and focus on five major invasive alien tree species (Acer negundo, Ailanthus altissima, Prunus serotina, Quercus rubra, and Robinia pseudoacacia). We considered the assessment reports under Article 17 of the Habitats Directive for the period 2007–2012, and six documents on the interpretation of habitats, to identify those most threatened by invasive alien species and in particular by the five invasive alien trees. We also assessed selected examples of impacts by these alien tree species on different species groups within Natura 2000 sites to highlight potential effects on biodiversity. Riparian forest habitats and oak dominated woodlands are among the most prone to invasion within the two biogeographical regions. A. altissima and R. pseudoacacia are the most reported invasive alien trees in these protected forest habitat types. Furthermore, examples of the impacts of these tree species have indicated potential detrimental effects on forest habitats structure and functions, and on single species listed in the Habitats and Birds Directives. In conclusion, we emphasise the need for effective management and systematic monitoring of these five invasive alien tree species within Natura 2000 sites.

Reintroduction of Atlantic salmon Salmo salar in the Lake Ontario watershed represents a historical challenge for fisheries managers dating to the late 1800s. To assess the feasibility for reintroduction, strain-specific differences in survival and growth was evaluated in central New York tributaries in 2014 and 2015. Fry of Lake Memphremagog and Sebago Lake strains were stocked at target densities of 100 fry/100 m2 in tributaries within the Ontario Drumlins and Fish Creek regions. Salmon abundance, density, and survival was estimated at each stocking location. Standardized mass-specific growth rate (Gs) and absolute growth in length (GL) of age-0 parr and age-1 pre-smolts was evaluated with two-way analysis of variance. For both strains, survival was largely site-dependent in the Drumlins region and stream-dependent in the Fish Creek region. The Lake Memphremagog strain exhibited faster growth, suggesting that physiological adaptations of this strain make it a more suitable candidate for reintroduction in the region when the source is available. However, limited availability of the Lake Memphremagog strain may direct future efforts to employ the more widely-evaluated and available Sebago Lake strain.

The Atlantic Forest is one of the most important forest biomes in Brazil, and this biome continues to disappear. This study looked at simulated and observed hydrological components in a small watershed containing fragments of the Atlantic Forest. The performance of the Distributed Hydrology Soil Vegetation Model (DHSVM) and the effects of possible land cover change scenarios in the Lavrinha Watershed, in the Mantiqueira Range, Minas Gerais State, Brazil, were analyzed. The model was calibrated and validated using four years of continuous hydro-climate data sets, and the simulated daily and monthly streamflow showed acceptable agreement with the observed. A comparison of hypothetical land cover change scenarios showed that deforestation in the Atlantic Forest biome leads to increases in monthly soil moisture (by 5%), overland flow (by 33%) and total runoff (by 22%), with a corresponding decrease in interception (by 71%), evapotranspiration (by 30%) and water table depth (by 10%). These changes in land surface hydrology resulted in an increase in daily high and low streamflows (by 17% and 25%), with the opposite occurring when pasture was converted to Atlantic Forest. The results also show that the hydrology of a headwater tropical watershed is characterized by seasonal variability in rainfall and land cover changes and that there are connections among the topography, land cover, soil types and wet and dry seasons that maintain the spatial distribution of the hydrologic components in the watershed.

A variety of human-induced disturbances such as forest fragmentation and recovery after deforestation for pasture or agricultural activities have resulted in a complex landscape mosaic in the Una region of northeastern Brazil. Using a set of vegetation descriptors, we investigated the main structural changes observed in forest categories that comprise the major components of the regional landscape and searched for potential key descriptors that could be used to discriminate among different forest categories. We assessed the forest structure of five habitat categories defined as (1) interiors and (2) edges of large fragments of old-growth forest (>1000 ha), (3) interiors and (4) edges of small forest fragments (<100 ha), and (5) early secondary forests. Forest descriptors used here were: frequency of herbaceous lianas and woody climbers, number of standing dead trees, number of fallen trunks, litter depth, number of pioneer plants (early secondary and shade-intolerant species), vertical foliage stratification profile and distribution of trees in different diameter classes. Edges and interiors of forest fragments were significantly different only in the number of standing dead trees. Secondary forests and edges of fragments showed differences in litter depth, fallen trunks and number of pioneer trees, and secondary forests were significantly different from fragment interiors in the number of standing dead trees and the number of pioneer trees. Horizontal and vertical structure evaluated via ordination analysis showed that fragment interiors, compared to secondary forests, were characterized by a greater number of medium (25–35 cm) and large (35–50 cm) trees and smaller numbers of thin trees (5–10 cm). There was great heterogeneity at the edges of small and large fragments, as these sites were distributed along almost the entire gradient. Most interiors of large and small fragments presented higher values of foliage densities at higher strata (15–20 m and at 20–25 m height), and lower densities at 1–5 m. All secondary forests and some fragment edge sites showed an opposite tendency. A discriminant function highlighted differences among forest categories, with transects of large fragment interiors and secondary forests representing two extremes along a disturbance gradient determined by foliage structure (densities at 15–20 m and 20–25 m), with the edges of both large and small fragments and the interiors of small fragments scattered across the gradient. The major underlying processes determining patterns of forest disturbance in the study region are discussed, highlighting the importance of forest fragments, independently of its size, as forests recovery after clear cut show a greatly distinct structure, with profound implications on fauna movements.

In this paper we present a multi-proxy study of tropical limestone forest and its utilization by human groups during the significant climatic and environmental upheavals of MIS-2 (29–11.7 kBP). Our data are drawn from new field research within the Tràng An World Heritage property on the edge of the Red River Delta, northern Vietnam. Key findings from this study include 1) that limestone forest formations were resilient to the large-scale landscape transformation of the Sunda continent at the end of the last glaciation; 2) that prehistoric human groups were probably present in this habitat through-out MIS-2; and 3) that the forested, insular, karst of Tràng An provided foragers with a stable resource-base in a wider changing landscape during the late Pleistocene and into the Holocene. These results have implications for our understanding of the prehistoric utilization of karst environments, and resonance for their conservation in the face of climate and environmental change today.

Tropical reforestation is a significant component of global environmental change that is far less understood than tropical deforestation, despite having apparently increased widely in scale during recent decades. The regional contexts defining such reforestation have not been well described. They are likely to differ significantly from the geographical profiles outlined by site-specific observations that predominate in the literature. In response, this article determines the distribution, extent, and defining contexts of apparently spontaneous reforestation. It delineates regional ‘hotspots’ of significant net reforestation across Latin America and the Caribbean and defines a typology of these hotspots with reference to the biophysical and socioeconomic characteristics that unite and distinguish amongst them. Fifteen regional hotspots were identified on the basis of spatial criteria pertaining to the area, distribution, and rate of reforestation 2001–2014, observed using a custom continental MODIS satellite land-cover classification. Collectively, these hotspots cover 11% of Latin America and the Caribbean and they include 167,667.7 km2 of new forests. Comparisons with other remotely sensed estimates of reforestation indicate that these hotspots contain a significant amount of tropical reforestation, continentally and pantropically. The extent of reforestation as a proportion of its hotspot was relatively invariable (3–14%) given large disparities in hotspot areas and contexts. An ordination analysis defined a typology of five clusters, distinguished largely by their topographical roughness and related aspects of agro-ecological marginality, climate, population trends, and degree of urbanization: ‘Urban lowlands’, ‘Mountainous populated areas’, ‘Rural highlands’, ‘Rural humid lands’ and ‘Rural dry lands’. The typology highlights that a range of distinct, even oppositional regional biophysical, demographic, and agricultural contexts have equally given rise to significant, regional net reforestation, urging a concomitant diversification of forest transition science.

Forests are among the most important terrestrial ecological systems in terms of the multitude of ecosystem functions and services they provide. These biotic systems are vital not only for ensuring the wellbeing of human society and for preserving global biodiversity, but also for regulating the climate system, decarbonizing the atmosphere via carbon sequestration (in biomass or underlying soil carbon pools) and evaporative cooling processes that mitigate climate warming. However, forest ecosystems are currently being subjected to a wide range of natural and anthropic disturbances that pose a real threat not only to forest health and the various benefits forests provide for human society, but also to the overall functioning of the global system. This paper is a review that aims to analyse, in a brief and holistic manner, the main perturbations Earth forest ecosystems are currently facing, both the obvious (e.g. deforestation) and discrete/silent ones (e.g. defaunation) that have generally not yet been tackled strictly as ecological forest issues in the international scientific literature. At the same time, the paper aims to highlight the possible effects generated by forest perturbations in the global warming process, through carbon fluxes and biogeophysical feedbacks between these terrestrial systems and the atmosphere. Upon analysis of a vast scientific bibliography, it was found there currently are 12 major forest disturbances that can be grouped into three categories based on the prevalence of triggering causes, i.e. climatic (phenological shifts, range shifts, die-off events, insect infestations), anthropic (deforestation, fragmentation, air pollution) and mixed (defaunation, fires, composition shifts, net primary productivity shifts, biogeochemical shifts) perturbations. These ecological issues, which occur frequently, intensely and on large spatial scales, are able to significantly disrupt forest productivity and therefore strongly erode the forests’capacity to stabilize the climate system. All identified disturbances can amplify global warming in various ways, including by means of many positive feedback mechanisms in the case of climatic perturbations. Finally, this review paper proposes five major anthropogenic strategies to fight this multidimensional forest crisis – mitigate, adapt, repair, protect and research actions, which, if implemented rapidly, efficiently and on a large scale via international policies, can successfully stabilize these terrestrial ecosystems and, implicitly, the climate system in the 21st century.

Almost 30 different arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) species, distributed in different genera such as Glomus, Acaulospora, Scutellospora, Entrophospora, Ambispora, Kuklospora, Gigaspora, and Archeospora, have been identified in the root zone of Araucaria angustifolia, known as Brazil Pine. During our AMF survey in this ecosystem, our attention was called to the presence of many superficially growing Araucaria roots. Our hypothesis was that these roots were colonized with AMF because of the presence of AMF spores in organic material aboveground. Samples of these superficial roots and the organic substrate they were growing on were evaluated for their mycorrhizal status. DNA was extracted from the AMF-colonized superficial roots and submitted to polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification using the NS31-AM1 primer pair, followed by cloning and sequencing. We found that the root colonization percentages were between 31% and 52%, and the number of AMF spores in the substrate ranged from 27 to 164 spores per 50 g dry substrate. The phylogenetic analyses and tree construction using maximum parsimony (MP) and neighbor-joining (NJ) methods identified 13 different species of the phylum Glomeromycota belonging to the genera Glomus, Funneliformis, Rhizophagus, Gigaspora, Acaulospora, and Archaeospora, and five isolates were identified only at the genus level. To our knowledge, this is the first report on Araucaria angustifolia with roots growing aboveground, producing runner roots that develop on dead tree trunks and organic material. The higher colonization of the aboveground roots than those commonly found in belowground Araucaria roots suggests that they may present active metabolic uptake of nutrients.

Sintra’s Cultural Landscape is a World Heritage Site and was the first cultural landscape to be listed in Europe by UNESCO, in 1995. It is a privileged ecosystem with natural and cultural value classified as priorities for conservation. Parques de Sintra-Monte da Lua is a state-owned company established to restore, maintain and promote the public properties in the World Heritage Site. The forest assumes an important role in Sintra’s Cultural Landscape with the gradual removal of undesirable species and their replacement with multiple native tree species as one of the goals of forest management. Two aspects should be considered by the forest manager: opposing public opinion in terms of cutting dominant trees, most of the time linked with childhood memories and feelings, and its impact on the ecosystem’s carbon stock. Removal and replacement of trees is part of the management of cultural landscapes and concerns like carbon stock and biomass losses cannot be priorities of the forest manager. This work evaluates the carbon stock balance obtained in a 20 ha forest by the removal of undesirable tree species and their replacement by native species. Twenty six inventory plots were measured and carbon stock was estimated to define the baseline of the study. Age-independent individual tree diameter equations, species specific height-diameter equations, and biomass allometric tree equations were used to estimate carbon in a 30-year horizon. Three management scenarios were considered. The results show that, after 30 years, the contribution of the native species to the carbon stock is small compared with the baseline carbon values, compensating only 30% of the carbon losses associated to forest restoration. Conflict management in a context of Cultural Landscape Forest is discussed.

Fire is a major environmental factor influencing vegetation heterogeneity, with closed forest and savanna ecosystems having different management needs due to their different responses to fire disturbance. However, the differences in post-fire vegetation dynamics between these ecosystems have seldom been compared using a uniform set of parameters. Additionally, post-fire dynamics of forest-savanna ecotones is poorly characterized. With the hypothesis that closed forest, savannas and ecotones will exhibit different post-fire responses, we studied the vegetation diversity, structure and dynamics in an upland forest-savanna vegetation mosaic in Minas Gerais, Brazil following a fire that occurred in September 2011. In January 2012, we identified, tagged, and measured the basal diameter of all regenerating juvenile tree stems within forty-six 4 m2 plots in closed forest, savanna and ecotone vegetation, and conducted recensuses in 2013 and 2014. We modelled the relationship between short-term dynamics parameters (recruitment, mortality, basal area loss and gain, and the turnover and net changes in the number of individual stems and basal areas) and vegetation type. Species diversity was higher in closed forests and ecotones than in savanna. Across all vegetation types, stem density decreased and basal area increased. Parameters such as recruitment, net changes in the number of individuals, and the gain, loss and turnover in basal area did not differ across vegetation types. However, stem mortality was higher in closed forest and ecotones combined than in savannas, and the net change in the number of individuals was the lowest in the savanna. Overall, our results support that within a climatically-similar vegetation mosaic, closed forests exhibit different post-fire regeneration dynamics from savanna as expected. Ecotones exhibited post-fire responses and dynamics more similar to closed forests than to savanna, but more studies will be needed to establish if this pattern is applicable to other areas. Understanding the longer-term vegetation dynamics and plant regeneration patterns is a potential next step that will help inform fire management strategies for forest-savanna mosaics.

das for conservation are regularly proposed based on the ground that existing strategies are overly pessimistic, restricted to biodiversity hotspots, and inappropriate to halt biodiversity loss. However, little empirical evidence supports such claims. Here we review the 12 971 papers published in the leading conservation journals during the last 15 years to assess what conservation actually does. Although conservation research is affected by specific bias, conservation is playing a major role in providing empirical evidence of human impacts on biodiversity. Encouraging biodiversity comebacks are also published and a wide range of conservation tools, beyond the development of protected areas in wilderness areas, are promoted. We argue that finding new routes to conservation is neither necessary nor sufficient to halt biodiversity loss.

Trees are key ecosystem engineers. Many analyses of the genetic diversity of forest trees over substantial parts of their distributional ranges are appearing. These studies are of relevance for forest and landscape management, the inventory of botanical genetic resources and the conservation biology of rare, endemic, relictual, and endangered tree species. This review focuses on (i) recent investigations of the influence of human disturbances, (ii) comparative analyses of closely related and hybridizing species, (iii) reconstructions of refugia and of the spread of tree populations during the postglacial, (iv) studies of both range-wide and range-edge genetic patterns, and (v) assessments of the role of tree genetic diversity in the face of future climate warming. There is a need to include more tropical and austral trees in genetic analyses, as most studies have dealt with the relatively species-poor Palaearctic and Nearctic regions. Further studies are also needed on the role of tree genetic diversity in variations in phenology, resistance to insect defoliators and fungal pathogens, reactions to increased CO2 and ozone concentrations, growth, mortality rates and other traits. Most macroecological and scaling patterns of species richness still need to be studied for genetic diversity. Open research questions in this rapidly evolving field involve invasion biology, island biogeography, and urban ecology. There is a need for more knowledge transfer from the many studies of tree genetic diversity to the day-to-day management of trees and forests.

Rio Doce watershed has centuries of land degradation and it was the main victim of the worst environmental disaster in Brazil's history. This process of deforestation and soil erosion could be significantly mitigated if compliance to the new Brazilian Native Vegetation Protection Law (NVPL) would be ensured. Here, we show how the percentage of forest kept in areas of permanent preservation (APP) required by the NVPL drives the overall resilience and resistance of the entire Rio Doce watershed and how it contributes to the national restoration commitments. We used water quality as a proxy for watershed resilience and resistance and we found that compliance to NVPL would require restoration of about 716 thousand hectares of riverine forest across the watershed. We found that increased forested areas improved watershed resistance and resilience during the rainy and dry seasons, respectively. Our estimates suggest that the implementation of the NVPL could improve water quality, in addition to removing 14 Gt CO2 yr−1 ha−1 from the atmosphere. At this scale, the forest restoration effort would represent 6% of Brazil's restoration commitment. Financial feasibility of such a restoration enterprise is also achievable; at the highest possible estimate, it would compromise about 59% of the total fund proposed by the mining companies responsible for the accident. Given the low socioeconomic indicators of this basin, intervention should be designed so as to improve local livelihoods and, therefore, contribute to local adaptation and sustainable development.

Wetland restoration is globally important for offsetting effects of wetland loss and degradation but is not consistently successful. Vegetation studies provide insight into the effectiveness of restoring wetland ecosystem functions. We compared plant community composition in 47 non-tidal wetlands under different management (natural, restored, and former wetlands that had been converted to cropland) in the Atlantic Coastal Plain of the USA. As expected, drained cropland sites were dominated by conventional upland row crops, had low species richness and evenness, and were highly disturbed. Plant communities in restored sites were more like natural sites based on the percentage of species that were native and hydrophytic, plant community evenness, and floristic quality. However, natural sites were forested, while restored and drained cropland sites were primarily herbaceous. Restored sites continued to be impacted by anthropogenic disturbance compared to natural sites. Our findings demonstrate that restored wetlands in agricultural settings can develop diverse native wetland plant communities within a decade but they remain very different from natural wetlands, raising questions about restoration goals, ecosystem service tradeoffs, and our ability to restore wetlands to ecological conditions found in reference sites.

Changes in biodiversity and ecosystem services in terrestrial systems are being driven by the synergistic interactions between the loss of native vegetation and land-use intensification. Disentangling the influence of these two processes on species persistence is an important step towards reconciling conservation and agriculture production. We investigated how forest cover and management intensification affect the conservation value of cacao agroforests for mammals in an Atlantic forest landscape in southern Bahia, the most extensive area of diverse shaded cacao plantations in Brazil. Although both factors affected the distribution of mammal species, management intensification had a stronger effect, negatively affecting a larger number of species. Frequency of domestic dogs, an indirect aspect of management intensification, negatively affected four species and lower connectivity of shading trees decreased the use of cacao agroforests by three species of conservation concern. In comparison, the reduced forest cover negatively affected two species of conservation concern. Our results suggest that controlling domestic dog populations is particularly valuable for large mammal conservation in agroforestry mosaics, since it does not affect crop productivity. Improving shade cover within agroforests, on the other hand, should be implemented carefully, maintaining acceptable yield while promoting canopy connectivity and the recruitment of tree species used by forest dependent mammals. However, the importance of both local management intensification and local forest cover are likely to be context dependent, and changes in their relative importance are likely to occur with different levels of deforestation at the landscape scale.

Typically, forest policy-analysis focuses on the forest industry; however, this article argues that analysis should take into consideration non-forest economic–political sectors, creating an inter-sectoral analysis of pathways. An analysis of Brazil's recent forest governance changes allows to outline the political dynamics, thrust and ideas that most influence the use of forests in a political economy whose overall developmental and environmental policies are defined primarily by agribusiness. The Brazilian Congress passed a New Forest Code in 2012, greatly relaxing the previous Code from 1965. The law-changing project was an illustration of the tension between the large landholders-lobby, and the new sustainability demands of various sorts of “green economy” proponents. The recent framing of forests by the agribusiness lobby and the Minister of Agriculture are assessed to explain why and how the understanding and pathway of sustainability in relation to forest and other land uses has changed since 2012. Studies on the major impacts of the post-2012 forest laws are also reviewed. A novel approach is taken, uniting an analysis of large-scale agriculture, tree plantation companies, and socio-environmentalists. It is shown how the New Forest Code and other measures that have brought together the agricultural and forestry frontiers, policies and vocabularies in Brazil have made their united analysis necessary. Brazil provides an important case to study how some parts of the “brown economy” and “green capitalism” pathways are supporting each other in practice, and how the forest industry has become a key actor in this alliance, to the detriment of “socio-environmentalism”.

Despite the high diversity of trees in the tropics, very few native species have been used in plantations. In a scenario of high international demand for nature conservation, ecological restoration and for the provision of forest products, mixed species forestry in the tropics emerges as a promising option. In this study, we examine three large experiments in the Atlantic Forest region of Brazil that combine early Eucalyptus wood production with a high diversity (23–30 species) of native tree species. We tested the following hypotheses: (1) Eucalyptus growth and survival is higher in mixed plantations than in monocultures, while that of native species is lower when intercropped with Eucalyptus; (2) The diameter of target native trees is influenced by the size and by the identity of neighboring trees; (3) The negative effect of competition from Eucalyptus on native species is directly related to their growth rate. We compared mixtures of Eucalyptus and a high diversity of native tree species with Eucalyptus monocultures and with plots containing only native species, replacing Eucalyptus by ten native species. To test our hypotheses, we examined inventory data considering the stand- and the tree-levels. We calculated survival rate, diameter and height growth and basal area of whole stands and groups of species. We also used a neighborhood index analysis to separate the effect of total competition (i.e. stand density) and the influence of groups of species (intra- and inter-specific competition). The Eucalyptus trees in high diversity mixtures grew larger and yielded nearly 75% of the basal area produced by Eucalyptus monocultures even though this genus accounted for only 50% of seedlings in the mixtures. In the mixtures, Eucalyptus negatively affected the growth of native species proportionate to the native species’ growth rate. With some exceptions, the mixed plantations had no overall negative effect on tree survival or height growth. We conclude that mixtures of Eucalyptus and a high diversity of native tree species are feasible and represent a potential alternative for establishing multipurpose plantations, especially in the context of forest and landscape restoration.

In riparian forests, width contributes most importantly to maximizing diversity. Therefore, corridors with different widths should differ in richness, abundance, and composition. We tested this hypothesis for the bird communities of two forests on the Upper Paraná River floodplain, Paraná, Brazil. Richness and abundance were higher in riparian forest with mean width of 50 m in each margin and lower anthropogenic disturbance. Species diversity increased 30%, with increase in total width from 40 m to 100 m on average. Bird species composition also differed, and groups with the strictest ecological requirements were better represented in the wider, better-preserved forest. This indicates that conservation of riparian forests has a positive effect on their bird communities. We suggest that these environments are prioritized for recuperation, and that a 50 m width on each side of a stream is necessary for riparian forests to effectively fulfill their function in the landscape. We also note that the recently discussed Brazilian Forest Code does not conform to this requirement.© 2014 Associação Brasileira de Ciência Ecológica e Conservação. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda.

The global change in land use toward agroecosystems is one of the major drivers of habitat loss and fragmentation. Although simplified agroecosystems such as pastures generally exclude most native biodiversity, other more complex systems such as agroforestry can support certain levels of biodiversity and serve as habitat, connecting corridors or stepping stones for many species. For example, traditional shade coffee plantations can become key refuge areas for biodiversity, especially compared to more intensive agricultural practices.The principal aim of this study was to evaluate the potential role of shade coffee plantations on the conservation of Andean night monkeys (Aotus lemurinus) in the Colombian highlands. Two groups of night monkeys were followed during 16 and 7 months, and data on their ranging patterns, habitat use, activity budget and diet were recorded using focal animal sampling. We also estimated habitat wide fruit availability at natural forests and shade coffee. Overall, both study groups preferred natural forests relative to their spatial cover, spending 70.3% and 94.4% of their time in natural forests, even though shade coffee had a yearly 10-fold total productivity advantage over natural habitats (4045 and 416 kg/h/year, respectively). Nonetheless, night monkeys used shade coffee areas throughout the year, specially during the peak periods of fruit production of Prunus integrifolia (43% of time during June–July 2009; 64% of time during March 2010), a tree that dominated the shade coffee areas. The activity budget, home range size and nightly travelled distances of Andean night monkeys in this study fall within the range of values reported in previous studies on night monkeys on disturbed and undisturbed habitats. The results of this study provide support for the use of shade coffee plantations as complementary areas for the conservation of Andean primate populations while providing local farmers with economic alternatives. Although the conservation of montane primate populations in Colombia will largely depend on the protection of the remaining natural habitats, agroecosystems such as shade coffee plantations might provide additive opportunities to increase the carrying capacity of mixed habitats and may become a successful conservation strategy in the pervasively transformed habitats of the northern Andes.

Atlantic old sessile oak woodlands are of high conservation importance in Europe, listed in the European Union (EU) Habitats Directive Annex I, and known for their rich bryophyte communities. Their conservation status ranges from unfavourable to bad across their known distribution, which is predominantly within the UK and Ireland, but also extends into Iberia and Brittany. The objectives of this study were to determine if nitrogen (N) deposition, a known driver of terrestrial biodiversity loss, was a significant predictor of community composition in old sessile oak woodlands (i.e., EU Habitats Directive Annex I class: 91A0), and to identify significant changes in individual plant species and community-level abundance (i.e., change points) along an N deposition gradient. Relevé data from 260 Irish oak woodland plots were evaluated using Canonical Correspondence Analysis (CCA) and Threshold Indicator Taxa ANalysis (TITAN). Nitrogen deposition accounted for 14% of the explainable variation in the dataset (inertia = 0.069, p < 0.005). A community scale change point of 13.2 kg N ha−1 yr−1 was indicated by TITAN, which falls within the current recommended critical load (CL) range for acidophilous Quercus-dominated (oak) woodlands (10–15 kg N ha−1 yr−1). The results suggest that the current CL is sufficient for maintaining a core group of indicator species in old sessile oak woodlands, but many nutrient sensitive species may disappear even at the CL range minimum.

Forest certification has been so far described as a non-state, market-driven form of private governance developed by non-state actors. However, bureaucracies can influence the effects of these programs in many ways, using their competencies to either enhance or restrict non-state certification schemes. The objective of our work is to analyze the role state agencies played in the forest certification standard development processes in Argentina, including the related coalition building strategies. Our hypotheses are that forest certification is not an activity among merely private actors, but that state agencies do play a small but necessary role in creating favorable frame conditions, and in standard formulation and scheme establishment. Coalitions built around production-oriented state agencies and strong political sectors have a stronger influence in the formulation of standards of forest certification schemes than coalitions between conservation-oriented bureaucracies and environmental NGOs. In order to understand the process of standard formulation for FSC and PEFC in Argentina, data on the different schemes were collected from public statements from stakeholder organizations, written summaries of debates of schemes from both public meetings and meetings by the groups writing the standards, and statements from the agencies in charge of writing the standards. The results show that in Argentina, FSC was temporarily useful to the forestry sector and landowners as a quick solution and hence was supported even by utilitarian state agencies. In light of an evolving operational PEFC scheme four years later, this support by state agencies was dropped and shifted towards the more landowner-friendly PEFC. After this dynamic in the coalition building process, FSC was on a decline in Argentina.

In Tunisia, the increasing pharmacological demand for spontaneous capers is actually leading to progressive forest overexploitation and genetic erosion of the species that is actually represented by scattered populations. Therefore, inventories with emphasis on the characterization, management and conservation of this medicinal plant are becoming a great need.In this work, genetic and phylogenetic criteria based on isozyme markers were used for the prioritization of spontaneous Capparis spinosa L. populations for conservation according to Vane-Wright and collaborators taxic method.Enzymatic loci varied in their ability to detect variation and population analyses indicated that most of the variation is partitioned between rather than within populations. Fst, gene flow values, PCA and cluster analysis also revealed significant differentiation between all populations.When combing phylogenetic and genetic criteria we were able to prioritize some of the populations for conservation. Therefore, the standardization and the summatory of all indices indicated that the populations Nebeur, Nahli and Dyr rank as a priority for conservation.So far, results of the present study appear to justify the in situ conservation strategy, where core areas completely free from perturbation would be defined for the populations with the highest priority for conservation, with the populations presenting unique alleles. This would guarantee the maintenance of most of the species’ genetic variation. The ex situ conservation management strategy would imply the setting up of specialized nurseries and national collections that are still missing in the country to counteract population fragmentation, demographic loss and genetic erosion threatening such spontaneous populations.

Human communities that inhabit rural, remote, rugged and biodiverse environments adopt diverse livelihood strategies such as utilizing different ethno-ecological environments. The present study explores how people use plant resources in the context of availability and accessibility of plants and habitats, and diversity of culture. We hypothesize that people are most likely to forage the most visible and accessible plants and habitats frequently. This relationship was tested in the Darchula and Baitadi districts of the Kailash Sacred Landscape Nepal, using data from phytosociological studies and community interviews. Total use values, medicinal use values and other use values of plants were used for analyses. Plant availability was assessed by using phytosociological indicators. The accessibility was tested by using the use values of plants with reference to the site-specific explanatory variables: forest/non-forest habitat, nearby/transition/distant area, hill/mountainous district, and Himalayan endemic/Pan-Himalayan/cosmopolitan distribution. A weak association between plant use values and plant availability and site accessibility was recorded. However, the plant use value was influenced by ecological (Shannon diversity, species richness) and cultural indicators (preference for specific products and recognition) and varied at the level of use category (medicinal and non-medicinal). Higher medicinal use values at Darchula district indicate that the knowledge of plant collection and use was more dependent on quality of products and directed harvesting and less influenced by availability of resources and accessibility of sites. Since plant apparency was not found to always be the most important indicator, social and cultural factors appear to be as the most influential indicators.

Land-use intensification causes species losses reducing phylogenetic and functional trait diversity as well as ecosystem function. Phylogenetic (PD) and functional (FD) diversity of regional assemblages have been identified as a key to understanding ecosystem and community functioning, yet it has been rarely included in conservation planning. The use of indicator groups to represent species richness is by far the most common measure used for developing plans to conserve current and future biodiversity. Could indicator groups be used for representing PD and FD of whole assemblages? Using a continuous measure of PD and FD derived from phylogenies and quantitative functional traits of species and their functional relationships, we assessed the effectiveness of 16 indicator groups in representing these evolutionary and functional components of biodiversity to answer this question. We focused our analyses on the entire set of 854 bird species occurring in the Atlantic Forest Biodiversity Hotspot, as a case study. We show that a particular bird order (Apodiformes) is the most effective surrogate group to capture PD, while the Charadriiformes and restricted-range species are the most effective surrogate group to capture FD. Their use as a shortcut to conservation planning is likely to guarantee the conservation of evolutionary and ecosystem processes through the representation of the unique species, as well as ecosystem stability in the long term, with the representation of the redundant species.

An analysis is presented of the ecological characteristics of ancient forest plant species in deciduous forests of Europe. Twenty-two literature sources were used to generate a list of 132 ancient forest plant species, described from at least eight countries in Europe. The affinity for ancient forests of these species differs considerably from country to country, but they have a definite ecological profile. There is a significant difference in the response of the ancient forest plant species compared with other forest plant species for a variety of ecological characteristics, based on Ellenberg indicators, plant strategies and phytosociological associations. Ancient forest plant species tend to be more shade-tolerant than the other forest plant species; dry and wet sites are avoided. They are typical of forest sites with an intermediate pH and nitrogen availability. Geophytes and hemicryptophytes are more frequent amongst ancient forest plant species. The stress-tolerant plant strategy type is significantly more abundant under the ancient forest species than expected when compared with other forest plant species and vice versa for the competitive plant strategy. This distinct ecological profile suggests that ancient forest plant species may be considered as a guild. The poor ability of these species to colonize new forest sites may be attributed to a complex of interacting variables: limited dispersal abilities (many have a short-distance dispersal strategy), low diaspore production and recruitment problems (e.g. low competitive ability). The regional variation in ancient forest plant species suggests that regional lists are more appropriate for assessing the nature conservation value of forests than one global European list. Due to their distinct ecological profile and low colonizing abilities, ancient forest plant species may be considered as important biodiversity indicators for forests.

Several factors may affect the persistence of amphibian species in tropical fragmented landscapes, including the size of remaining patches. While fragment size is considered the main factor acting on species diversity for most taxa, it is less clear how it affects amphibian diversity. A possible reason is that the scale at which previous studies were conducted was too small (only few forest fragments and/or a small range of fragment sizes considered) and/or the sampling method was not the most optimal one. We investigate whether amphibian diversity is affected by patch size in the largest study (in terms of number of fragments and range of fragment sizes) ever conducted in tropical forests. We predicted that larger forest remnants hold higher amphibian diversity compared to smaller patches, and that continuously forest sites were more diverse than forest fragments. We used the visual encounter survey method to collect data from 24 sites (21 forest fragments between 1.9 and 619 ha and three sites within a large continuous forest remnant) located in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, a highly threatened biodiversity hotspot. We recorded a total of 2839 individuals from 50 species. In line with our predictions, larger fragments had more species, more integer communities and a larger diversity of reproductive modes than smaller ones. In addition, we found higher values for all diversity measures in continuous forest sites compared to fragments. These results indicate that continuous forests are irreplaceable for amphibian conservation, but also show that large forest fragments outside these areas are important for sustaining amphibian diversity. Our study provides robust empirical evidence for the importance of fragment size for amphibian persistence in tropical fragmented landscapes and highlights the need for an adequate sampling design and method that enable the detection of a higher number of species.

Tropical forest restoration is becoming increasingly more applied to offset biodiversity loss and maintain ecosystem processes, but knowledge about its efficacy is still limited. We evaluated the success of tropical forest active restoration using dung beetles (Coleoptera: Scarabaeinae) as bioindicators and combining measures of species diversity, composition and functional diversity. We assessed patterns of dung beetles community assembly along a restoration chronosequence and also compared restoration areas with reference (primary and old secondary forest) and degraded (pasture) ecosystems. Species composition in the restoration areas was clearly progressing towards the preserved forests and deviating from the pasture with increasing restoration age. We also found a turnover of open environment specialists and habitat generalists to forest generalists and forest specialist species along the restoration chronosequence. However, the majority of individuals in the older restored habitats were typically forest generalists. Biomass was the only variable that increased with restoration age. Species richness, number of individuals, biomass and functional richness in the restored areas were similar to, or even smaller, than in pastures and substantially lower than forest reference sites. Rarefied richness, functional evenness and functional dispersion did not vary between the habitats. We found that while restored areas have the capacity to host forest-restricted species, 18 years since active restoration has not been long enough to recover a stable and diverse dung beetle assemblage. Our study also demonstrates that measures of composition, species diversity and functional diversity can complement each other and contribute to a better understanding of the efficacy of restoration practices.

We studied the long-term effects of different selective-logging intensities on the stem-less palm Astrocaryum sociale in a central Amazonian forest 90 km north of Manaus. The experiment consisted of three blocks of 24 ha, each divided into six 4 ha plots in which the treatments were allocated randomly. Each block had a control plot. Within each block, commercial timber was logged with intensities of 44%, 50% and 67% of basal area in 1987, 1988 and 1993 respectively. Stem-less palms in each plot were measured in 1996 and 2016. The number of individuals decreased slightly from 3229 in 1996 to 2997 in 2016, and there was an increase in the proportion of large palms. The degree of change in size structure was related to time since logging (p = 0.012), which also affected the total number of leaves (p = 0.0001), the sum of all leaf lengths (p = 0.01) and the number of adults (p = 0.056). The volume of timber extracted and in standing dead trees was not related to size-structure change. In the control block, the number of individuals changed slightly during the study period. As the different cutting intensities had little, if any, effect of the size-structure of this understory palm up to 30 years after logging, management concessions can contribute to the conservation of some elements of palm biodiversity.

The complex interactions among endangered ecosystems, landowners’ interests, and different models of land tenure and use, constitute an important series of challenges for those seeking to maintain and restore biodiversity and augment the flow of ecosystem services. Over the past 10 years, we have developed a data-based approach to address these challenges and to achieve medium and large-scale ecological restoration of riparian areas on private lands in the state of São Paulo, southeastern Brazil. Given varying motivations for ecological restoration, the location of riparian areas within landholdings, environmental zoning of different riparian areas, and best-practice restoration methods were developed for each situation. A total of 32 ongoing projects, covering 527,982 ha, were evaluated in large sugarcane farms and small mixed farms, and six different restoration techniques have been developed to help upscale the effort. Small mixed farms had higher portions of land requiring protection as riparian areas (13.3%), and lower forest cover of riparian areas (18.3%), than large sugarcane farms (10.0% and 36.9%, respectively for riparian areas and forest cover values). In both types of farms, forest fragments required some degree of restoration. Historical anthropogenic degradation has compromised forest ecosystem structure and functioning, despite their high-diversity of native tree and shrub species. Notably, land use patterns in riparian areas differed markedly. Large sugarcane farms had higher portions of riparian areas occupied by highly mechanized agriculture, abandoned fields, and anthropogenic wet fields created by siltation in water courses. In contrast, in small mixed crop farms, low or non-mechanized agriculture and pasturelands were predominant. Despite these differences, plantations of native tree species covering the entire area was by far the main restoration method needed both by large sugarcane farms (76.0%) and small mixed farms (92.4%), in view of the low resilience of target sites, reduced forest cover, and high fragmentation, all of which limit the potential for autogenic restoration. We propose that plantations should be carried out with a high-diversity of native species in order to create biologically viable restored forests, and to assist long-term biodiversity persistence at the landscape scale. Finally, we propose strategies to integrate the political, socio-economic and methodological aspects needed to upscale restoration efforts in tropical forest regions throughout Latin America and elsewhere.

The early life history of Lutjanus alexandrei and Lutjanus jocu in Southwestern Atlantic is still largely unknown. Habitat use of different life stages (i.e. size categories and densities) of the Brazilian snapper (L. alexandrei) and dog snapper (L. jocu) was examined in a tropical portion of NE coast of Brazil. Visual surveys were conducted in different shallow habitats (mangroves and reefs). Both snapper species showed higher densities in early life stages in mangrove habitat, with a clear increase in fish size from mangrove to adjacent reefs. Post-settler individuals were exclusively found in mangroves for both species. Juveniles of L. alexandrei were also registered only in mangroves, while sub-adult individuals were associated with both mangrove and reef habitats. Mature individuals of L. alexandrei were only observed in reef habitats. Juvenile and sub-adult individuals of the dog snapper were both associated with mangrove and reef habitats, with high densities registered in mangroves. Mature individuals of L. jocu were not registered in the study area. This pattern suggests preference for mangrove habitat in early life stages for both species. Ontogenetic movement between habitats was also recorded. This pattern denotes habitat selection across different life cycle of both species. Such information highlights the importance of directing management and conservation efforts to these habitats to secure the continuity of contribution to adult populations.

The paper introduces a scientific formulation to deal with value judgements, factual knowledge and norms, required for a rigorous treatment of tropical forest management. The model arising from this approach is able to establish norms of natural forest management pursuing the ecological objective of pristine tree species preservation in situ. Consistent with this objective is presented a set of factual sentences about the structure and dynamics of the tropical forest, specifically Atlantic forest. The logarithmic form of the diametric density distribution reveals cohorts of similar adaptive strategies and permits the statistical estimation of survival coefficients from the inventory of a pristine stand. As a consequence of the non-linearity of the density matrix, specific algorithms had to be worked out in order to simulate the dynamics of the pristine forest. Adjoining to the ecological objective of tree species diversity preservation the (simple) economic objective of maximum log output, together with the factual sentences (describing the forest reality from the point of view of a forester or a forest enterprise) entail logically the set of selection criteria or norms for tree felling. The use of these norms to a stand of Atlantic forest is described, demonstrating the preservation of the pristine structure and of all tree populations after logging under natural forest management in a cutting cycle of 23 years. Finally is demonstrated the incompatibility of current felling norms with the ideal of pristine tree-diversity preservation, as for instance the forest legislation for the state of Santa Catarina allowing the felling of 40% of trees with DBH (diameter at breast height) above 40 cm for at most four species.

Conservation of natural resources can be challenging in a rapidly changing world and require collaborative efforts for success. Conservation planning is the process of deciding how to protect, conserve, and enhance or minimize loss of natural and cultural resources. Establishing conservation targets (also called indicators or endpoints), the measurable expressions of desired resource conditions, can help with site-specific up to landscape-scale conservation planning. Using conservation targets and tracking them through time can deliver benefits such as insight into ecosystem health and providing early warnings about undesirable trends. We describe an approach using value-focused thinking to develop statewide conservation targets for Florida. Using such an approach allowed us to first identify stakeholder objectives and then define conservation targets to meet those objectives. Stakeholders were able to see how their shared efforts fit into the broader conservation context, and also anticipate the benefits of multi-agency and -organization collaboration. We developed an iterative process for large-scale conservation planning that included defining a shared framework for the process, defining the conservation targets themselves, as well as developing management and monitoring strategies for evaluation of their effectiveness. The process we describe is applicable to other geographies where multiple parties are seeking to implement collaborative, large-scale biological planning.

To evaluate the conservation value of forest habitats associated with banana (Musa sp.) plantations, an inventory of bird species was conducted in 10 forest fragments and reforestation areas surrounding seven plantations in the Costa Rican Atlantic lowlands. Birds were censused by point counts at 42 points in conserved forest remnants and 30 points in reforestation areas. To gather information about reproductive patterns, a supplementary mist-net study was conducted at 29 of these sites. Overall, 194 species (11,361 individuals) were recorded in the point counts and 73 species (1035 individuals) in the mist-net study for a combined total of 206 species, including 46 migrants and 87 resident species classified as moderately to highly susceptible to habitat disturbance. Immature birds were observed in 67% of the species captured in the mist-net survey and represented 35% of the total individuals netted. The results suggest that small-scale forest patches associated with banana plantations may provide viable habitat for the conservation of migrants and bird species moderately susceptible to habitat alteration.

Measures that aim to enhance different environmental assets are increasingly conflicting also in urban areas and there is a lack as well as a need for science-based assessment tools that also provide solution-oriented approaches which work in practice. This paper aims to provide a new analytical framework for conflicts of interest between such measures. The framework is applied to climate change and biodiversity (including ecosystem) conservation law as well as thereon based measures and tested on the example of a city embedded in different geopolitical governance levels.The analysis is based on an in-depth literature review and develops an analytical framework in particular grounded upon differentiations between actions and inactions as well as between voluntary and compulsory activities.When testing this framework for the Viennese case, the authors systematically discuss the different types of Viennese endangered habitat types especially according to their required legal and other governance interventions, particularly under the climate change related forest law regime and biodiversity conservation law (both especially against the background of the Natura 2000 scheme of the European Union).The paper explains the logic and structure of the new framework and describes its theoretical applicability on conflicts of interests in general. Furthermore, the case study tested on the city of Vienna/Austria indicates also the practical applicability of the framework and offers different solution approaches de lege lata (how the law is) and de lege ferenda (how the law should be).

Located in the Cantabrian Sea (NE Atlantic), El Cachucho is the largest offshore Marine Protected Area (MPA) in Spain. One of the most abundant keystone megafauna species occurring in this MPA is a yellow gorgonian of genus Placogorgia Wright and Studer (1889), occurring in relatively high densities in steep slopes with rocky outcrops at depths ranging 500–1200 m. Here, we describe a new species of isopod, Astacilla andresmeixidei sp. nov., living in association with a specimen of a yellow gorgonian collected at 525 m depth. Females of the new species are characterised by a trapezoidal pereonite 4 with a middorsal bifurcate tubercle on posterior margin; males have a rectangular pereonite 4 with small tubercles irregularly distributed and pereonite 3 with a midventral process. The new species is distinguished from the most morphologically similar species Astacilla gorgonophila Monod (1925) by its dorsal sculpture, having a shorter antenna 2 with a flagellum of three articles plus a claw, and also by its geographic and bathymetric distribution. Phylogenetic analysis using the mitochondrial marker COI confirmed that the new isopod is a member of the family Arcturidae and placed it in a clade, recovered with low support, including other species of the genus Astacilla Cordiner, 1793. As with other previously described arcturids, we suggest that A. andresmeixidei sp. nov. is a commensal of the gorgonian using its branches to reach higher in the water column and thus increase its chances to get more particulate organic matter. Our morphological analyses on the gorgonian host, suggest that it belongs to the genus Placogorgia although in our phylogenetic results using the nuclear marker msh1 the gorgonian shows affinities with the genus Paramuricea Kölliker (1865). This taxonomic inconsistency is discussed.

The Atlantic-Gaspésie caribou (Rangifer tarandus caribou) population is a small isolated relict herd considered endangered according to the Canadian Species at Risk Act (SARA). This population has low recruitment and survival rates but the potential role of parasites on individual fitness is unknown. In this context, we explored the parasite status of this population with the aim of 1) assessing the occurrence and intensity of parasite infections and the spatial, temporal and individual variations, 2) quantifying parasite richness and investigating factors such as sex and host body condition that may be associated with this variable and 3) evaluating the effects of parasite infections on survival in the Atlantic-Gaspésie caribou population. We examined fecal samples from 32 animals captured in 2013–2014 for eggs, oocysts and larvae of parasites and detected 7 parasite species: dorsal-spined larvae protostrongylids, presumably Parelaphostrongylus andersoni based on PCR identification of a subset, Nematodirus odocoilei and other unidentified Strongyles, Trichuris sp., Capillaria sp., Moniezia sp. and Eimeria sp. For each caribou, mean parasite species richness was 1.8 ± 1.1 (SD). Sex, body condition, year and capture location did not explain parasite prevalence, intensity of infection or richness except for intensity of infection of Capillaria sp. that was positively influenced by body condition. Parasites did not influence survival although mortality was higher for males than for females. We suggest that the relatively low and common gastrointestinal and protostrongylid parasite infections will not be a short-term threat leading to extinction.

Forest management of tropical lowland and hill wet evergreen forests traditionally assumes that succession, species composition, and forest structure are largely driven by small, frequent disturbances. More recent ecological studies, archaeological findings, palynology and climate records demonstrate that tropical rainforests in general are not only subject to treefall disturbances but also to large-scale, infrequent disturbances driven by both past ancient and more recent human land use, and by natural forces of climate and geology. This paper reviews the case for the presence and extent of large-scale infrequent disturbances in Mesoamerica. We then use this knowledge to understand effects shaping species composition and structure. We evaluate current silvicultural regeneration systems for forest management based on the gap dynamics paradigm and propose potential alternative and complementary regeneration methods for forests and tree species that are driven by large-scale disturbances. We propose that the shade-intolerant timber species observed today are in large part a reflection of legacies of human land use and historical large-scale disturbances. Such species require larger, more dramatic disturbance regimes to regenerate and to attain the canopy in future managed forests. We suggest that such conditions are not provided for by current silvicultural systems within the region that require multiple entries to the stand every 15–30 years and should be coupled with liberation thinnings to promote shade-tolerant, commercially valuable timber species. Alternative silvicultural systems, such as shelterwoods and seed-tree methods of regeneration and management, purposefully promote the regeneration of valuable, shade-intolerant timber species. We propose applications for reserve design, and the management of non-timber forest products in conjunction with timber products to compliment such activities. These systems differ in their goals, species promoted (shade-tolerant vs. –intolerant) and the ecological assumptions driving their operations. We conclude that shelterwoods and seed-tree systems are more appropriate to manage forests rich in shade-intolerant timber species. Such methods need to be included in the suite of silvicultural options available to managers of tropical wet evergreen forests in Mesoamerica.

This paper focuses on the ‘zoogeographic region’ and the ‘zoogeographical boundary-line’ as key biogeographical constructs of empire. More specifically, it investigates how army and navy officers stationed at Halifax and Bermuda on the North America and West Indies Station helped to create an imperial, militarized ‘New World’ region in the North Atlantic through zoogeography in the British post-emancipation era. The tracing of the boundary-line between the temperate (Nearctic) and tropical (Neotropical) North Atlantic involved designating Bermuda and Halifax as strategic winter and summer ‘homes’ on the Station, and highlighting the ‘natural’ connections between the two sites through mobile fauna, ocean currents, and weather systems. Making visible the geographic distribution of migratory animals, the Gulf Stream, and hurricanes – through maps, natural collections, sketches, and travel-writing – provided new ways of seeing and thinking about British imperial defence in the North Atlantic. This paper also considers the role of non-human mobilities in animating these regions.

The trends in the provision of ecosystem services during restoration and succession of subtropical forests and plantations were quantified, in terms of both receiver and donor values, based on a case study of a 3-step secondary succession series that included a 400-year-old subtropical forest and a 23-year history of growth on 3 subtropical forest plantations in Southeastern China. The ‘People's Republic of China Forestry Standard: Forest Ecosystem Service Valuation Norms’ was revised and applied to quantify the receiver values of ecosystem services, which were then compared with the emergy-based, donor values of the services. The results revealed that the efficiencies of subtropical forests and plantations in providing ecosystem services were 2 orders of magnitude higher than similar services provided by the current China economic system, and these efficiencies kept increasing over the course of succession. As a result, we conclude that afforestation is an efficient way to accelerate both the ability and efficiency of subtropical forests to provide ecosystem services.

The Los Tuxtlas mountain range harbors one of the last remnants of tropical rain forest on the coastal plain of the Gulf of Mexico. This volcanic range has a high degree of heterogeneity in its geology, climate and ecology, in addition to a very long history of human occupation. The original area covered by tropical forest has been drastically reduced by agricultural activities, and during the last four decades in particular, deforestation has been very intense. In order to protect the remaining forest, in 1998 the Mexican government created the Los Tuxtlas Biosphere Reserve (LTBR). While previous studies estimated deforestation rates and the amount of forest cover remaining in some areas of the LTBR, this is the first study to do so for the entire protected area. A retrospective analysis from 1986 to 2011 was conducted to assess the effect of the 1998 decree of the LTBR on deforestation rates, and to predict future changes in forest cover up to the year 2025 using Markov chains and cellular automata based on current deforestation patterns. The results show that shortly after the 1998 decree, deforestation rates in the LTBR not only decreased but reversed, however this trend did not continue. In recent years deforestation has again increased. Our projection shows that if current trends continue unchanged then by the year 2025 we might have lost close to 14% (ca. 9000 ha) of the forest cover that was present in 2011. The decree of the LTBR was part of the federal policy to protect biodiversity in Mexico and our results show that the strategy of establishing this protected area did work to protect tropical forest, at least temporarily in Los Tuxtlas. Also, our results show that it is not only possible to reverse forest loss within the ample buffer zone of the LTBR, it is also still relatively easy to achieve by promoting passive restoration.

The separate and combined effects of climate change and forest clearcutting on discharge, suspended particulate matter (SPM) and particulate organic carbon (POC) load at a seasonal and annual scale were evaluated for the Oka catchment.Compared to the baseline scenario (1970–2000), climate change displayed a decrease in annual rainfall (RCP4.5: 27% and RCP8.5: 28%) and an increase in mean temperature (12% for both emission scenarios). Together with the decrease in rainfall, a decrease in discharge and, consequently, in SPM and POC load was also displayed. In RCP4.5, annual discharge, SPM and POC load decreased by 16%, 68% and 38%, respectively. A slightly larger decrease was found in RCP8.5: 21% for discharge, 70% for SPM load and 41% for POC load. Evapotranspiration (ET) increased relative to the baseline, with a change of 15% (RCP4.5) and 16% (RCP8.5).With regard to forest clearcut scenarios, annual discharge ranged between 3% (Scenario 1) and 15% (Scenario 3). At the same time, ET decreased by between 2% (Scenario 1) and 13% (Scenario 3) relative to the baseline (2001–2012). The model predicted a rise in SPM load of between 19% (Scenario 1) and 106% (Scenario 3). The predicted annual POC load ranged between 9% (Scenario 1) and 47% (Scenario 3).The combination of climate change and forest clearcutting scenarios showed a reduction in discharge, SPM and POC load compared to the baseline. Discharge, SPM and POC load decrease ranged between 2–18%, 30–63% and 12–36% in scenarios 8 and 7, respectively.

The competence center InBioVeritas was founded in 2007 with the vision to integrate competences for ecological and socioeconomic research, sustainable land management and biodiversity conservation in the southern Mata Atlântica. Originating from a successful partnership in a recently terminated Brazilian-German research project (SOLOBIOMA), it is based on long experience and strong commitment of its members. It is concerned with a region of the Atlantic Forest where the largest forest remnants are found in protection areas of different status. However, cumulative effects of land use and climate change are likely to threat conservation and promote further loss of biodiversity in the future.

Aquatic macroinvertebrate communities are often used to assess the ecological integrity of streams. However, conventional methods involving morphometric identification of macroinvertebrates are usually costly and time-consuming. Here we compare stream macroinvertebrate community metrics based on conventional morphometrics vs. non-destructive DNA metabarcoding from storage ethanol to assess forest management impacts on headwater streams across a gradient of intensively managed forest catchments in eastern Canada. The two approaches demonstrated substantial congruence in the detection of taxa (81% and 69% at the family and genus level, respectively) and in the characterization of community composition and richness. However, DNA metabarcoding from preservative ethanol identified significantly fewer genera (3.3 on average, 15.9%) and families (2.0, 11.5%) than conventional morphometrics. Taxa missed by metabarcoding of storage ethanol were typically those low in proportional mass or poorly represented in the CO1 reference database. This led to some differences in the explanatory variables identified as being related to macroinvertebrate metrics, which could have implications on conclusions and management actions that might result therefrom. For example, the negative relationships between richness and reach-scale variables associated with forest management intensity were weaker when richness was based on metabarcoding as compared to conventional morphometrics. Discriminatory power was greater when data at the genus level were used. The congruence between functional feeding group results derived from morphometric (based on relative abundance) vs. metabarcoding (based on relative frequency and read abundance) identifications was group specific (r = 0.16–0.63), but low overall. We conclude that DNA metabarcoding of storage ethanol provides a promising approach for characterizing stream macroinvertebrate communities, but that its full deployment in biomonitoring projects requires developing more complete reference libraries and enhancing the sensitivity for detecting taxa with low sample biomass.

Old growth forests in the Atlantic rainforest of Southern Brazil are increasingly replaced by secondary forests. Effects on arthropods are assumed to be particularly important as they provide the bulk of biodiversity and play an integral role for ecosystem processes and services. During forest regeneration vegetation structure, leaf litter composition and microclimatic conditions were found to strongly affect leaf litter beetle communities. This study aimed at highlighting the question whether there is evidence that restoration actions to support the regeneration of old-growth forest vegetation structure can enhance the re-establishment of old-growth forest leaf litter beetle communities in secondary forests in the Mata Atlântica. A conceptual model structure representing a causal effect chain was built and checked against observational data for vegetation and leaf litter beetles from different regeneration stages using structural and microclimatic variables. By the results in this study the hypothesis of an ecological causal effect chain was clearly supported. There was reasonable evidence that during the regeneration process varying vegetation composition results in varying structural characteristics inside the vegetation stand and the associated leaf litter. The changed structural parameters proved to alter the microclimatic conditions within the leaf-litter and subsequently the differences in microclimatic conditions showed a significant influence on the leaf litter beetle community within the forest regeneration sites. These results have important implications for arthropod species conservation as they show that the probability of conserving or re-establishing old growth leaf litter beetle communities can be increased by maintaining and restoring suitable vegetation, structure and microclimatic conditions.

Conservation organizations in the northeastern United States (US) recommend forest clearcutting to create shrubland habitat, which is required by many wildlife species with declining populations. The planning of habitat management programs is hampered by a lack of information on the current extent of shrubland habitat and the current rate of forest clearcutting that creates shrubland habitat. We addressed these information gaps by using a combination of automated and manual approaches to determine the extent and spatial configuration of shrubland habitat and recent forest clearcuts. We focused on the state of Rhode Island because (a) it is representative of the northeastern US in terms of the prevalence of private ownership of forests, and the ongoing decline in the populations of many shrubland wildlife species; (b) federal, state and private conservation groups are actively promoting clearcuts to create shrubland habitat; (c) many state-wide GIS databases are available; and (d) the spatial extent of the state made our results both generalizable and politically relevant. Our fine-scale mapping allowed a detailed analysis of shrubland distribution in conjunction with other available GIS layers that facilitates identification of priority areas for habitat management. We found that the extent of upland shrubland in non-coastal areas is decreasing by at least 1.5% annually. Considering the lack of consensus about conservation targets for the amount of shrubland, we propose that conservation organizations attempt to stabilize rather than expand the extent of shrubland habitat. This approach would provide an opportunity to assess whether the current extent of shrubland is sufficient to maintain reduced but stable wildlife populations that require this habitat. We propose a coordinated forest management program with targets for increased forest management on conservation lands. We found that the average patch size of shrubland created by recent clearcuts is large enough for most shrubland bird species, but too small for the New England cottontail (Sylvilagus transitionalis), which has been proposed for threatened and endangered status.

Tropical forests show periods of scarcity and high fruit production in the same year and/or between years. Palms are an important component of Neotropical rainforests and a significant food resource for several frugivores. Therefore, their role as keystone resource may be exacerbated in highly impoverished areas. In Anchieta Island, São Paulo/Brazil, human settlements have modified and impoverished the forest, mainly through overharvesting and the introduction of exotic plants and several mammal species. We assessed the offer of fruits consumed by vertebrate frugivores at this island, the vegetation of which is belonging to the Brazilian Atlantic rainforest. We compared whether the fruiting patterns and fruit fall differ between palms and trees, and discuss the importance of palms as a food resource for frugivores and the implications for Anchieta Island conservation. Phenological patterns were seasonal for both trees and palms; however, the times of fruiting occurrence differed. Fruit fall biomass was at least twice lower than reported for other Atlantic rain forests and was also different between trees and palms. Palms contributed more than 80% of the overall fruit fall biomass. Palms may constitute an alternative food resource in periods of low fruit availability, although they do not provide resources for the entire assemblage of vertebrate frugivores. Energy-rich fruits, such as those produced by palms, may play an important role in the maintenance of frugivore populations in isolated, disturbed environments with a high density of vertebrate frugivores, low diversity of fruiting species and fruit biomass such as those found on Anchieta Island.

Mangrove forests provide enormous goods and services. However, the future of the forests has been questioned at many occasions. In response, much attention has been given to the ecology and biology of mangroves with little information, if any, on the phylogenetic structure of mangrove forests despite recent multiple calls for prioritizing conservation actions based on phylogenetic information. In this study, we firstly review briefly the ecology of mangrove forests and secondly review our current knowledge of the phylogenetic structure of the forests. On a global scale, there is a match between biogeographic regions experiencing species decline and the distribution ranges of highly evolutionary distinct species, thus raising concern and providing ways of prioritizing actions. At the regional scale, mangrove communities (as evidenced by the net relatedness index) are phylogenetically patterned such that closely related species occur more often than expected by chance, perhaps indicative of recent in situ diversification. This is also a concern as pests and pathogen attacks tend to spread rapidly among closely related species. However, there is a trend toward a phylogenetic overdispersion when moving eastward. Nonetheless, the patterns described at regional scale may not always match those of local scale, but knowledge of mangrove phylogenetic structure at local scale is scant. For example in South Africa, the impact of human activities on the phylogenetic structure of mangrove communities is unknown. We conclude with a call for more research at a local scale, particularly in South Africa, to elucidate how mangrove forest is phylogenetically restructured in response to anthropogenic disturbances, and how phylogenetic information can inform conservation, management and restoration of mangrove forests.

Geomorphic processes associated with coastal wetlands often result in high carbon accumulation rates and relatively large carbon stocks. Barrier islands are an important component of coastal ecosystems and freshwater and brackish wetlands on these islands provide an important habitat for a number of animal and plant species. However, organic carbon dynamics in these landscapes have received relatively little attention. The objective of this study was to document the accumulation of organic carbon and understand the factors influencing soil carbon dynamics on barrier islands. Ten topographic transects were established on different landforms on Assateague Island National Seashore, MD, USA. Soil organic carbon stocks, aboveground carbon inputs, and decomposition rates were compared among landforms (representing differing degrees of landform stability and soil age) and drainage conditions. Soil organic carbon stocks (0–1.0 m) ranged from 0.49 to 18.8 kg C m−2, and increased in magnitude with soil age. Higher carbon stocks in the older soils were partly attributed to the increased time over which carbon had accumulated. Additionally, a shift from herbaceous dominated to forest dominated plant communities led to greater carbon inputs in older soils. Carbon stocks were also greater in the very poorly and poorly drained soils (relative to drier soils) where high levels of carbon inputs (plant biomass) exceed decomposition rates, which were slowed under anaerobic conditions. While rates of carbon accumulation (average 0.021 kg C m−2 yr−1) are somewhat low compared to other more productive systems, barrier island soils have the potential to store large amounts of organic carbon (relative to other soils) as organic-rich surface horizons are buried during overwash events.

Seasonally dry tropical forests (SDTF) currently occupy only 10% of the original area of their natural distribution. In the Marañón river valley, north western of Peru, occurs one of the most important SDTF of the neotropics. It has an endemic woody flora that represent 32% of the species, being threatened by its increasing fragmentation, and the knowledge of the ecology, forestry and conservation of the tree species is scarce. In this context this work presents the result of evaluation of the wood anatomy with emphasis to growth ring analysis, dating trees and stem growth rate determination of four tree species: Anadenanthera colubrina (Vell.) Brenan, Cedrela kuelapensis T.D. Penn. & Daza, Cordia iguaguana Melch. Ex I.M. Johnst., and Esenbeckia cornuta Eng., the last three being endemic and threatened with extinction. Our results determined that Cedrela kuelapensis showed the highest radial growth of the stem in relation to the other congeners of the neotropical region. Lower stem growth was observed for E. cornuta trees, according to the pattern of other tropical species. The results also indicate that populations of C. iguaguana and Esenbeckia cornuta in the zone are mainly composed by young trees exhibiting strong anthropic pressure due to the quality of their timber and, in consequence, more efforts are needed in the management of these resources to guarantee their sustainability.

Ecosystem management involves long-term management of whole ecosystems, across political boundaries as necessary, to sustain ecosystem integrity. The conservation biology view of ecosystem management tends to be biocentric, placing primary emphasis on sustaining the integrity of natural ecosystem processes and native species. The US Forest Service favors an anthropocentric approach in which an array of public preferences will determine the extent to which utilitarian (commodities, recreation, etc.) and natural (biodiversity) values will be emphasized in defining and sustaining ecosystem integrity. Conservation biologists have suggested creation of a national network of regional reserve systems, with core areas, buffer zones, and landscape linkages, to help maintain biodiversity, while the US Forest Service is promoting the use of timber management and other forest practices to mimic historic biodiversity patterns across the landscape. These ideas are not mutually exclusive, could potentially be complementary, and would be long-term, very challenging efforts. Political support for implementation of these ideas is uncertain. Legislative proposals to transfer large amounts of multiple-use, public lands to state and/or private ownership, if enacted, are likely to render these approaches ineffective. Compelling scientific evidence from conservation biology argues that failure to apply some sort of ecosystem management to the remaining natural and seminatural parts of the US landscape will result in continued loss of natural biodiversity, eventually leading to a `tragedy of the biodiversity commons'. Failure to support the present federal land management goal of providing publicly desired resources while sustaining ecosystem integrity can be expected to have negative effects on ecosystem services, regardless of the emphasis placed on naturalness. Broad legislative guidelines favoring maintenance of natural biodiversity, but allowing a much greater contribution of local communities to land management planning, offers the potential for sustaining both ecosystem integrity and local/regional economies. This approach is risky with respect to sustaining natural ecosystem integrity but can, perhaps, be guided by knowledge obtained from adaptive management. Prospects for success would be strengthened by financial incentives to nongovernmental entities for protection of natural biodiversity, concern for private property rights, and by different kinds of stakeholders who share a common ethical and/or cultural concern for the natural environment of their communities.

Coastal and ocean acidification has the potential to cause significant environmental and societal impacts. Monitoring carbonate chemistry parameters over spatial and temporal scales is challenging, especially with limited resources. A lack of monitoring data can lead to a limited understanding of real-world conditions. Without such data, robust experimental and model design is challenging, and the identification and understanding of episodic acidification events is nearly impossible. We present considerations for resource managers, academia, and industry professionals who are currently developing acidification monitoring programs in the Mid-Atlantic region. We highlight the following considerations for deliberation: 1) leverage existing infrastructure to include multiple carbonate chemistry parameters as well as other water quality measurements, 2) direct monitoring efforts in subsurface waters rather than limiting monitoring to surface waters, 3) identify the best available sensor technology for long-term, in-situ monitoring, 4) monitor across a salinity gradient to account for the complexity of estuarine, coastal, and ocean environments, and identify potential areas of enhanced vulnerability, 5) increase sampling frequency to capture variability, 6) consider other drivers (e.g., freshwater discharge, nutrients, physiochemical parameters) that may affect acidification, and 7) conduct or continue monitoring in specific ecological and general regions that may have enhanced vulnerability. Through the incorporation of these considerations, individual monitoring programs can more efficiently and effectively leverage resources and build partnerships for a more comprehensive data collection in the region. While these considerations focus on the Mid-Atlantic region), similar strategies can be used to leverage resources in other locations.

Large areas of Tropical Forest have been cleared and deeply modified aiming at growing crops and producing livestock. Many of these areas are transformed in pastures with scattered trees. We investigated an area of 618.59 ha in Southeastern Brazil composed of active pastures of an African grass, Urochloa decumbens, with scattered trees and forest patches. We surveyed all the scattered trees in the active pastures and in 60 plots of 200 m2 within eight forest patches. To identify the ecosystem services and the history of scattered trees we applied a semi-structured survey to the landowners. We assessed regeneration, distance of propagules source, grass cover, microclimate, seed rain, and soil compaction under scattered tree crowns and in samples in the pasture without scattered trees. We found the scattered tree community highly diverse and associated this to apparent lack of preference for species showed by farmers during the clearing process for pasture, choosing the trees only by their shading capability (size). We also found that the scattered trees strongly affect seed rain and sapling regeneration in the pastures, improving microclimate and attracting dispersers, although this last effect is strongly dependent of the forest proximity. We found that the major difference between the scattered tree community and forest patches is associated with small trees lost during forest clearing and not to the largest trees left in the pastures. We see the scattered trees as key factors for promoting forest recovery, as well as an important biodiversity pool per si in highly fragmented landscapes.

This study examines the areal extent and status of mangrove forests in a West African region prioritized in contemporary conservation, climate change, and livelihood initiatives. The focus is the transnational region of the western coastal section of The Gambia and Senegal located between the Gambia and Casamance Rivers. Remote sensing applied to Landsat images of the interfluvial region in 1986 and 2010 indicates a 35% decline in overall mangrove coverage for the study area with sub-regions of pronounced loss. There was a 12% decline along the south bank of the lower Gambia River and a 43% decrease in coverage between the Gambian border and the Casamance River. Mangrove loss reached 92% in the northern section of Casamance south of the international border between Senegal and The Gambia. Fieldwork suggests that the mangrove decline over the study period is in part driven by the growing firewood demand of urban centers. The remote-sensing analysis, complemented by fieldwork in the region, attributes the negative trends to the Gambian demand for firewood, political instability in Casamance, and a porous international border that facilitates illegal cutting and smuggling.

We aimed to assess the potential impact of climate change on the geographic distribution of areas holding suitable climatic conditions for the presence of Lycalopex vetulus, and to discuss the implications of such distribution for the conservation of the species. We employed correlative modeling analyses to infer the geographic distribution of climatically suitable conditions for the species on climatic scenarios for the present and for years 2050 (average for 2041–2060) and 2070 (average for 2061–2080). The data consisted of species occurrences and 5 bioclimatic variables containing interpolated and averaged information on seasonal variation of temperature and precipitation. Models were projected onto climatic scenarios employing three different global circulation models and two representative concentration pathways. For each of these scenarios, we quantified the expected changes in area (km2) holding suitable climatic conditions and how much of that area is expected to be within the current Brazilian system of protected areas. Our results reveal that climate change represents a major threat for the survival of L. vetulus by drastically reducing its habitat availability in a period of time no longer than five decades from now. Experimental physiological and behavioral studies are necessary to assess whether L. vetulus is able to adequately tolerate under climatic conditions different to those under which the species is currently present.

Rainfall, runoff and sediment yield have been measured over three decades (1983–2015) in five contiguous small watersheds (12–28 ha) covered by mature tropical dry forest (TDF) at the Chamela Biological Field Station, UNAM, in the southern Pacific Coast of Jalisco, Mexico. Hydrological dynamics strongly drive the seasonal and inter-annual variability of TDF primary productivity, litter decomposition and nutrient cycling. Although the study region is constantly influenced by storms related to hurricane activity, they rarely make landfall. However, hurricanes have landed twice over a four-year period in the reserve: category 2 Hurricane Jova, in October 2011, and category 4 Hurricane Patricia, in October 2015. The long-term data has allowed to evaluate ecosystem’s response to these two major hydrometeorological events, in the context of the historic rainfall/runoff pattern. The results showed that antecedent precipitation and rainfall intensity were the major factors controlling rainfall-runoff and soil erosion processes. The analysis also showed the timing of the onset of the rainy season was very regular but the length of the rainy season was quite variable. The highly variable rainfall pattern and high probability of intense storms at the onset of the wet season were linked with the vulnerability of TDF to soil erosion. Also, two types of recurrent and intense drought periods have been identified: the high inter-annual droughts; and the frequent within-wet season droughts (“canículas”). There is a clear influence of the “El Niño”- Southern Oscillation phenomenon (ENSO) on the study area, with lower annual rainfall during its hot phase, and higher annual rainfall during its cold phase (“La Niña”). The relevance of these findings is discussed in terms of forest ecosystem management practices in the region and its implications concerning the current climate-change forecast for the study area.

In the eastern United States, mature hardwood forest provides habitat for many species of native flora and fauna, but is much less common now than historically. This study examined the utility of maximum entropy modeling and spatial application to identify ecosystem types like mature hardwood forest. I performed pilot modeling in Charles County, Maryland, where I compared fine-scale geographic data available locally to coarse-scale data available nationally. As expected, a model constructed with the best locally available data, including LiDAR-derived canopy height and fine-scale soil maps, outperformed a model constructed with nationally consistent data. However, the model using national data nevertheless accurately identified most mature hardwood forest sites and excluded most young forest. I then applied the coarse-scale approach to four states: Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. Average test AUC (area under the receiver operating curve) based on 10 replicates varied from 0.76 to 0.80 when comparing mature hardwood forest locations to general forest locations. The maximum training or test sensitivity plus specificity threshold, depending on the state, captured 78–79% of positive locations while rejecting 74–81% of negative locations. The maximum entropy approach is versatile, and can be applied to other ecosystems and species.

The development of effective silvicultural prescriptions for Atlantic forest secondary patches could offset the amount of exploitative logging in Amazonian forests. This study described the diameter growth response of Parapiptadenia rigida (Fabaceae), a dense wooded, fast-growing canopy tree, to liana competition in attempt to determine silvicultural prescriptions for this species in natural forests. Field procedures were carried out in one fragment of natural forest, in which one hundred 0.01 ha plots and 50 individual trees of the target species were selected. We found 23 species in the liana community, which was strongly dominated by Senegalia tucumanensis (Fabaceae). P. rigida had more lianas infesting it compared to the overall forest and its presence increased the abundance of S. tucumanensis. Trees with more than 50% of the crown occupied by lianas had a lower height:diameter ratio. Liana below-ground competition, measured by liana basal area around target trees, reduced diameter increment in P. rigida. The studied species showed great potential for timber production due to fast growth, wood quality and carbon sequestration. The developed individual tree diameter growth model shows that silvicultural treatments could increase diameter growth to about 1.5 cm/year.

Riparian forests provide important habitat for many wildlife species and are sensitive to landscape change. Among terrestrial invertebrates, dung beetles have been used to investigate the effects of environmental disturbances on forest structure and diversity. Since many studies demonstrated a negative response of dung beetle communities to increasing forest fragmentation, and that most dung beetle species had a more pronounced occurrence during warmest seasons, three hypotheses were tested: (1) Scarabaeinae richness, abundance, diversity and evenness are lower in thinner riparian zone widths than in wider widths during the warmest seasons; (2) Scarabaeinae richness and abundance are positively influenced by leaf litter coverage and height and canopy cover; and (3) Scarabaeinae composition varies with the reduction in riparian vegetation and among annual seasons. We selected four fragments with different riparian zone widths in three secondary streams in southern Brazil. In each fragment, four sampling periods were carried out seasonally between spring 2010 and winter 2011. We collected dung beetles using pitfall traps with two types of bait. We collected 1289 specimens distributed among 29 species. In spring and summer, dung beetle richness was higher in fragments with the widest riparian zone than in those with a thinner riparian zone, and it did not vary between fragments in fall and winter seasons. Dung beetle abundance did not differ among fragments with different riparian zone widths, but it was higher in spring and summer than fall and winter. Richness and abundance were positively influenced by leaf litter. While dung beetle diversity was higher in fragments with wider riparian zone widths than in those with thinner widths, the evenness was similar among fragments. Dung beetle composition differed between the fragments with the widest and thinnest riparian zones, and it also varied among the seasons. Our results suggest that decreased riparian zones affect negatively to dung beetle community structure in southern Brazil. Fragments with thinner riparian zones had lower beetle richness in warmest seasons and an altered community composition. In this sense, the dung beetles are potentially good indicators of riparian forest fragmentation since some species were indicators of a particular riparian zone width. From a conservation perspective, our results demonstrate that the new Brazilian Forest Code will greatly jeopardize not only the terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity of these ecosystems, but also countless other ecological functions.

Cross-taxon surrogacy (between-taxon similarities in species patterns) can help conservation biologists to design simplified, standardized and efficient tools for biodiversity monitoring. Our study aims to identify potential sets of indicator taxa to be recommended in temperate forests. We focused on nine forest taxa: vascular plants, bryophytes, saproxylic beetles, polypores, lichens, ground beetles, hoverflies, birds and bats. We assessed cross-taxon congruence patterns, in terms of both alpha and beta-diversity, using empirical biodiversity data from 206 plots in ten French forested areas. We evaluated the cost-efficiency of potential surrogate taxa using both strictly encoded expert knowledge and results of this study. The most congruent taxa in alpha-diversity were bryophytes (with bats and polypores), and ground beetles (with bats and saproxylic beetles), though levels of covariation were mostly weak. The most congruent taxon in beta-diversity was vascular plants (with bryophytes, ground beetles, lichens and forest birds). Contrary to our expectations, the subsets of forest species within a given taxon exhibited a lower surrogacy than the taxon as a whole. Four categories of taxa were delineated based on cost-efficiency scores – from costless but ineffective (bats and ground beetles) to costly but effective (saproxylic beetles and polypores). No single taxon was firmly identified as a relevant surrogate for other taxa; using a set of two or three taxa drastically increased surrogacy, compared with single-taxon approaches. Saproxylic beetles associated with vascular plants, or with both vascular plants and birds, seemed to be the most cost-efficient associations. Further research is required to up-scale our results from the short-term, local scale to the long-term, landscape scale in European temperate forests.

Socio-environmental certification uses evaluation criteria to promote the conservation of the natural environment and landscape connectivity, with the aim of constructing agricultural landscapes more suitable for biodiversity conservation. To test this, we examine whether socio-environmental certification of Brazilian coffee farms contributes to local conservation, particularly in terms of deforestation control, habitat protection and regeneration, and connectivity. The analysis compared changes in landscape structure and connectivity in certified farms before (1995–2002) and after nine years from the beginning of the certification process (2002–2011), using as a reference the surrounding landscape and a control group of non-certified farms. To quantify changes in landscape connectivity we used probabilistic indices of functional connectivity based on graph theory, and two species of terrestrial mammals with contrasting dispersal capacities and habitat requirements: Priodontes maximus (giant armadillo) and Marmosops incanus (gray slender mouse opossum). Our results show that changes in the last decade have been subtle, but that certified farms differ from surrounding areas for the greater deforestation control and habitat availability for both land cover types, and for the greater connectivity for P. maximus. The difference between certified and non-certified farms is not clear-cut, however, we have evidence that the certified farms contributed more than the surrounding areas to the conservation of the studied species when the balance of gains and losses of connectivity is considered. The subtle differences in temporal changes and groups might be partially explained by the fact that certified farms already had a different conservation profile at the beginning of the certification process. Despite the limitations in the sampling size (small number) and time scale (only nine years after certification) which may hinders the detection of certification effects, our findings indicate that certification was important in controlling deforestation and the conversion of new natural areas to agricultural lands.

This study presents a global analysis of forest cover and forest protection. An updated Global Forest Map (using MODIS2005) provided a current assessment of forest cover within 20 natural forest types. This map was overlaid onto WWF realms and ecoregions to gain additional biogeographic information on forest distribution. Using the 2008 World Database on Protected Areas, percentage forest cover protection was calculated globally, within forest types, realms and ecoregions, and within selected areas of global conservation importance. At the 10% tree cover threshold, global forest cover was 39 million km2. Of this, 7.7% fell within protected areas under IUCN management categories I–IV. With the inclusion of IUCN categories V and VI, the level of global forest protection increased to 13.5%. Percentage forest protection (IUCN I–IV) varied greatly between realms from 5.5% (Palearctic) to 13.4% (Australasia), and for forest types from 3.2% (temperate freshwater swamp forest) to 28% (temperate broadleaf evergreen forest). Median protection of forest cover in 670 ecoregions (forest above a specified threshold) was 5.9% (IUCN I–IV); at IUCN I–VI, 46% of the ecoregions had less than 10% forest protection. Considering their biodiversity importance, forest protection within global priority areas was insufficient, e.g., median protection of 8.4% in biodiversity hotspots (IUCN I–IV). Results have policy relevance in terms of the target of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), reconfirmed in 2008, to effectively conserve “at least 10% of each of the world’s forest types”. Regular updates of these analyses would allow progress towards achieving that target to be monitored.

Isolated wetlands are ecologically important freshwater ecosystems that occur frequently throughout the Atlantic coastal plain ecoregions of North America. Known to support 86 species recognized by the US Fish and Wildlife Service as threatened or endangered, isolated wetlands are a conservation priority in the United States and elsewhere. They are often obscure and methods to detect them at the spatial scales necessary for systematic conservation planning and forest management have been time consuming, cost ineffective, or too coarse-filter. To fill existing information gaps and develop a repeatable, high-resolution methodology, we subjected LiDAR elevation data to custom relief models designed to elucidate fine-scale geomorphology, specifically small, localized changes in concavity, as a location predictor. Because fine grain size and large spatial extent can impose processing limits in landscape-level analysis, we executed our workflow in a high-throughput computing (HTC) environment, which achieved a 91× time-savings over our 55,000 ha study area. We conducted field validation at 114 randomly selected sites to measure model commission (14.9%), approximate omission (5.3%) error rates and estimate wetland boundaries. Depressional wetlands predicted in this study (n = 4610) were mostly small (x¯=0.37±0.69ha) and previously unmapped sites. The mapping accuracy of this effort (85.1%) suggests that local relief models captured slight geomorphologic changes that successfully predict wetland boundaries in low-relief ecosystems. Many small wetlands are centers of biodiversity in forested landscapes and such analyses will provide information and improved methods for landscape-scale management and conservation.

The impacts from climate change are increasing the possibility of vulnerable coastal species and habitats crossing critical thresholds that could spur rapid and possibly irreversible changes. For species of high conservation concern, improved knowledge of quantitative thresholds could greatly improve management. To meet this need, we synthesized information pertaining to biological responses as tipping points to sea level rise (SLR) and coastal storms for 45 fish, wildlife, and plant species along the U.S. Atlantic and Gulf Coasts and Caribbean through a literature review and expert elicitation. Although these species were selected based on their ecological, economic, and cultural importance, just over half (56%, n = 25) have quantitative threshold data currently available that can be used to assess the effects of SLR and storms during some aspect of their life history. Birds, reptiles, and plants represent the best studied coastal species. Thirteen of the species (29%) are projected to lose at least 50% of their population or habitat (e.g., foraging, nesting, spawning, or resting habitat) in some areas with a 0.5 m or greater rise in sea levels by 2100. Two species (a bird and reptile) may gain habitat from projected SLR and be resilient to future impacts. Numeric thresholds were not available for the remaining 20 species we searched for. Coastal fishes, mammals, and amphibians were among the groups representing a major information gap in this field of research. In addition, quantitative threshold responses to coastal storms were scarce for all taxa. While vulnerability assessments and qualitative research related to the impacts of SLR and storms on coastal species and habitats are increasing, work that incorporates quantitative thresholds as response and impact metrics remains limited. Additional monitoring, modeling, and research that provides multiple quantitative thresholds across species' life stages and/or latitudinal gradients is ideal to support robust coastal management and decision-making across spatio-temporal scales in the face of climate change.

This study estimates the present and future distribution potential of 12 thermophilic and rare tree species for Europe based on climate-soil sensitive species distribution models (SDMs), and compares them to the two major temperate and boreal tree species (Fagus sylvatica and Picea abies).We used European national forest inventory data with 1.3 million plots to predict the distribution of the 12 + 2 tree species in Europe today and under future warming scenarios of +2.9 and +4.5 °C. The SDMs that were used to calculate the distributions were in a first step only given climate variables for explanation. In a second step, deviations which could not be explained by the climate models were tested in an additional soil variable-based model. Site-index models were applied to the found species distribution to estimate the growth performance (site index) under the given climate.We find a northward shift of 461 km and 697 km for the thermophilic species over the regarded time period from 2060 to 2080 under a warming scenario of 2.9 °C and 4.5 °C, respectively. Potential winners of climatic warming have their distribution centroid below 48°N. Fagus sylvatica and Picea abies will lose great parts of their potential distribution range (approx. 55 and 60%, respectively). An index of area gain and growth performance revealed Ulmus laevis, Quercus rubra, Quercus cerris and Robinia pseudoacacia as interesting alternatives in managed temperate forests currently dominated by F. sylvatica and P. abies.The 12 investigated species are already in focus in forestry and it has been shown that the changing climate creates conditions for a targeted promotion in European forests. Nevertheless, area winners exhibited lower growth performances. So, forest conversion with these warm-adapted species goes hand in hand with loss of overall growth performance compared to current species composition. So, the results are a premise for a further discussion on the ecological consequences and the consistency with forest socio-economic goals and conservation policies.

Fragmentation and habitat loss contribute considerably to global declines of amphibians and reptiles. However, few studies focus on forest edges, created during the fragmentation process, as proximate drivers of the local demographic structure of populations. Here, we use abundance data of amphibians and reptiles to study their responses to forest edges in nine fragmented forested landscapes of the Neotropics. Species-specific abundance data were collected in plots established at varying distances from their respective nearest forest edge. We tested for edge effects on the abundance of species, and used curve clustering techniques to group species with similar edge responses, i.e. species with either increasing or decreasing abundance from the matrix towards the forest interior. We also grouped species that showed no change in abundance with respect to the nearest forest edge and those whose abundance response was unimodal, peaking in either forest habitat or the surrounding matrix habitat. We found that 96% of all amphibians and 90% of all reptiles showed an edge response, with the abundance of 74.5% of amphibians and 57.3% of reptiles decreasing with increasing proximity to forest edges. However, species-specific edge effects were not always consistent, with some species having opposite edge responses when measured in different landscapes. The depth of edge effects exhibited by forest species, i.e. species that increased in abundance in the forest interior, extended up to one kilometre away from forest edges. We show that the median edge effect on forest species extends to 250 m within the forest interior, indicating that tropical forest patches with a mean diameter < 500 m (minimum area ≈ 78 ha) are unsuitable for half of forest-dependent species considered in this study.

Soil features are an important factor influencing plant growth and distribution in different parts of the tropics. We hypothesized that in forests recovering from a disturbance, the spatial and temporal variation of soil proprieties could determine differences in forest structure and composition. We addressed this question by comparatively assessing the soil traits and forest structure and diversity that occur in two contrasting soils in second growth tropical forests of southern Brazil: Cambisols (well-drained and nutrient-poor soil) and Gleisols (periodically flooded and with greater soil Al toxicity). Three replicates of four combinations of four forest ages (9–11, 15–20, 40–55, and >100 years since abandonment) and two soil types (Cambisol and Gleisol) were compared, thus encompassing 21 plots that covered 2.1 ha. A total of 3355 individuals of 151 tree species were sampled in all plots. Soil characteristics changed along the succession, with Al toxicity increasing as the forests aged. Cambisols and Gleisols differed in their nutritional and structural characteristics. Forests growing in both soil types exhibited higher species density, individual density and basal area along the successional gradient, but diversity (and evenness) was higher in forests growing in Gleisol soils. Moreover, soil characteristics (sand:clay, C:N, and Al and P concentrations) and forest age determined the differences in community assemblies among soils. Considering that soil characteristics are spatially and temporally variable in the tropics and that these variations are poorly measured in successional studies, we argue that small-scale variations in soil characteristics can potentially be a powerful factor influencing the successional trajectories of second growth tropical forests in tropical regions.

Riparian forests have an important greening filter effect, retaining particles and nutrients from runoff or subsurface waters. To provide this function, among many others, the conservation and restoration of riparian vegetation is crucial. In this paper, the evaluation of the quality and condition of the riparian forest was carried out through “Riparian Forest Quality” index on a stretch of the Umia River. A total of 55 sampling stations were evaluated. This methodology was applied for decision making in the zoning of the banks. The results indicate that there is clear deterioration of the banks from the reservoir (middle stretch of the river) to the headwaters. Finally, different levels of performance were defined, 64% of the riparian area needs recovery actions, while more than 16% of riparian area needs reinstatement actions and over 18% are conservation stretches. This method provides a useful and practical solution to environmental problems in river ecosystems, especially for planning and landscape management.

Study regionTropical Atlantic Forest region, Brazil.Study focusThe temporal and spatial dynamics of soil water, water table depth and stream flow in relation to precipitation and the harvesting and regrowth cycle of a Eucalyptus grandis hybrid plantation in a headwater catchment. This landscape contains a mosaic of eucalypt plantation grown for pulpwood on plateau tops and native forest reserves in gullies. Instead of harvesting the native forest to test this effect, we conducted a virtual experiment using a soil and hydrological model (HYDRUS).New hydrological insightsPlantation harvest had little effect on steam flow, despite a 6–11 m rise in water table level under the plantation area. This result suggests that the native forest reserve intercepted groundwater moving laterally between the plantation and the stream. Measured and simulated runoff coefficients were similarly low (5% and 3%, respectively), but simulated removal of the native forest led to an increase to 38%. Therefore, plantation management in this type of landscape is likely to have little impact on stream flows where there is an intact native rainforest reserve beside the stream.

Riparian buffer strips (RBS) play an important role in the conservation of water bodies. Yet to date the increasing degradation of riparian vegetation is a major concern due to the inherent risk it poses to quality and quantity of drinkable water. In turn, forest regeneration is known to be a process that evolves in a time-scale of years, such that the regeneration of a forested area after a perturbation can take several decades. In this context, the exploration of models of vegetation growth can contribute to the understanding and acknowledgement of diverse aspects of such phenoma. Further, from the standpoint of conservation projects, the application of models allows the assessment of different future scenarios resulting from the application of different management practices, thus allowing anticipating the likely outcomes of the management process. In this paper, we study the application of the diffusive-logistic model (DLG model) to the problem of forest regeneration. We concentrate in vegetation belonging to permanent preservation areas, such as RBS. The main contribution of this study is to propose and illustrate a thorough methodology applicable as auxiliary assessment and design tool for conservation projects. The study is developed in two steps. We build upon recent results that study on the performance of riparian buffer strips in the removal of nitrogen in agricultural catchments in which an Artificial Neural Network Ensemble (ANNE) was applied to evaluate the riparian buffer strip width needed to accomplish filtering of 90% of the residual nitrogen. On this basis, we calibrate and validate the parameters of the diffusive-logistic model of forest growth to estimate the evolution of regeneration in riparian buffer strips, considering the buffer widths obtained by the ANNE. We implement the solution in GPGPU (General Purpose Graphics Processing Unit) and then simulate for forty years ahead to verify the likely effect of conservation upon the riparian buffer strips in the watershed. The results of calibration and validation show that the diffusive-logistic model provides a rather accurate temporal and spatial account of forest regeneration. The application of the model to a case study of the Ligeiro River watershed, Brazil, shows that the model can provide valuable insights for decision-making in the context of environmental conservation and management.

Surface soil samples were collected in three mountainous massifs in north-eastern Brazil to characterize the different vegetation types according to their respective pollen assemblages. Complementary approach between pollen and vegetation data shows that the pollen rain accurately reflects the following three main forest types: i) a dense ombrophilous forest (or tropical moist broadleaf forest) characterized by Myrtaceae associated with high percentages of Miconia, Guapira, Ilex, Moraceae-Urticaceae undif. or Byrsonima, ii) a seasonal semi-deciduous montane forest characterized by an increase of Arecaceae associated with Fabaceae-Mimosideae, Myrtaceae, Piper, Cecropia, Urera and Mitracarpus, and iii) a seasonal deciduous forest dominated by Fabaceae-Mimosideae and Arecaceae tree taxa associated with Alternanthera, Cyperaceae and Mitracarpus. Using of botanical data from several plots of ombrophilous forest, in which several surface soil samples have been collected, allows to roughly estimate the over- and underrepresentation of pollen taxa relative to their floristic abundance. Furthermore, distribution of surface soil samples at different altitude and mountain sides also allows to characterize vegetation variation according to several environmental parameters. The precipitation increase with altitude is confirmed as the main environmental factor controlling vegetation distribution. However, the forests located close to the crest with a proportion increase of pollen taxa characteristic of heliophilous and pioneer trees (Alchornea, Miconia, Clusia), are also influenced by changes of edaphic conditions. In addition to provide useful information in understanding of fossil pollen records, this approach improves our understanding of the ecosystem functioning in mountainous massifs in north-eastern Brazil. A useful knowledge for conservation or restoration purposes.

Watershed management may have widespread potential to cost-effectively deliver hydrologic services. Mobilizing the needed investments requires credible assessments of how watershed conservation compares to conventional solutions on cost and effectiveness, utilizing an integrated analytical framework that links the bio-, litho-, hydro- and economic spheres and uses counterfactuals.We apply such a framework to a payment for watershed services (PWS) program in Camboriú, Santa Catarina State, Brazil. Using 1 m resolution satellite imagery, we assess recent land use and land cover (LULC) change and apply the Land Change Modeler tool to predict future LULC without the PWS program. We use current and predicted counterfactual LULC, site costs and a Soil and Water Assessment Tool model calibrated to the watershed to both target watershed interventions for sediment reduction and predict program impact on total suspended solids (TSS) concentrations at the municipal water intake—the principal program objective. Using local water treatment and PWS program costs, we estimate the return on investment (ROI; benefit/costs) of the program.Program ROI exceeds 1 for the municipal water utility in year 44, well within common drinking water infrastructure planning horizons. Because some program costs are borne by third parties, over that same period, for overall (social) program ROI to exceed 1 requires delivery of very modest flood and supply risk reduction and biodiversity co-benefits, making co-benefits crucial for social program justification. Transaction costs account for half of total program costs, a result of large investments in efficient targeting and program sustainability. Co-benefits justify increased cost sharing with other beneficiaries, which would increase ROI for the utility, demonstrating the sensitivity of the business case for watershed conservation to its broader social-economic case and the ability to forge institutional arrangements to internalize third-party benefits.

In Portugal the natural cycle of fire has been reduced, fires have become recurrent, their intensity and expansion have increased, and they have taken on catastrophic proportions.From 2003 to 2012, were accounted, for Portuguese mainland territory, 31 “large forest fires” (LFF) larger than 5000 ha (12 of them with an area exceeding 10,000 ha), and these always occurred in the months from July to September.Although the relationship between atmospheric dynamics, certain synoptic situations and the occurrence of LFF is already known in Portugal, several authors tried to identify the most favorable, in the new fire reality, that can even configure the existence of a new fire regime in Portugal, it is essential to identify synoptic patterns associated with LFF (5000 ha above), which could be an important meteorological tool in the management of wildfires.

Several studies in temperate forests have demonstrated effects of litter addition on decomposers and predators. However, adding litter does not allow separating the effects of food availability and habitat space. We investigated the response of decomposers and predators to increased food resources and space in forests of the southern Mata Atlântica of Brazil. In two forest ecosystems representing an early successional stage of secondary forests and old-growth forest, we added nutrient-rich organic material, artificial litter of no nutritional value, or a combination of both to the soil surface of 120 plots to separate the effects of habitat space and food on soil food webs. We sampled litter- and soil-dwelling arthropods after three months using pitfall traps, soil sample extraction, and sticky traps just above the soil. Adding artificial litter had no positive effect on any of the 17 analyzed arthropod groups. Combining all sampled arthropods the effect was even significantly negative. Adding food had a positive effect on the abundance of decomposers, but not predators. We found no interactions between added artificial litter and added organic material. Our results suggest that the soil fauna in tropical forests is food limited. The lack of a bottom-up effect on predators suggests that they are not predominantly regulated by the abundance of epigeic prey but rather by competition or predation.

The genus Fritziana (Anura: Hemiphractidae) comprises six described species (F. goeldii, F. ohausi, F. fissilis, F. ulei, F. tonimi, and F. izecksohni) that are endemic to the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. Although the genus has been the subject of studies dealing with its taxonomy, phylogeny, and systematics, there is considerable evidence for cryptic diversity hidden among the species. The present study aims to understand the genetic diversity and phylogenetic relationships among the species of Fritziana, as well as the relationships among populations within species. We analyzed 107 individuals throughout the distribution of the genus using three mitochondrial gene fragments (12S, 16S, and COI) and two nuclear genes (RAG1 and SLC8A3). Our data indicated that the species diversity in the genus Fritziana is underestimated by the existence of at least three candidate species hidden amongst the group of species with a closed dorsal pouch (i.e. F. fissilis and F. ulei). We also found four species presenting geographical population structures and high genetic diversity, and thus require further investigations. In addition, we found that two candidate species show a new arrangement for the tRNA-Phe gene, unique in Anura so far. Based on our results, we suggest that the conservation status of the species, as well as the species diversity in the genus Fritziana, needs to be reviewed.

The climate changes projected for the 21st century will have consequences on the hydrological response of catchments. These changes, and their consequences, are most uncertain in the transition zones. The study area, in the Bay of Biscay, is located in the transition zone of the European Atlantic region, where hydrological impact of climate change was scarcely studied. In order to address this scarcity, the hydrological impacts of climate change on river discharge were assessed. To do so, a hydrological modelling was carried out considering 16 climate scenarios that include 5 General Circulation Models (GCM) from the 5th report of the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project (CMIP5), 2 statistical downscaling methods and 2 Representative Concentration Pathways. Projections for future discharge (2011–2100) were divided into three 30-year horizons (2030s, 2060s and 2090s) and a comparison was made between these time horizons and the baseline (1961–2000). The results show that the downscaling method used resulted in a higher source of uncertainty than GCM itself. In addition, the uncertainties inherent to the methods used at all the levels do not affect the results equally along the year. In spite of those uncertainties, general trends for the 2090s predict seasonal discharge decreases by around −17% in autumn, −16% in spring, −11% in winter and −7% in summer. These results are in line with those predicted for the Atlantic region (France and the Iberian Peninsula). Trends for extreme flows were also analysed: the most significant show an increase in the duration (days) of low flows. From an environmental point of view, and considering the need to meet the objectives established by the Water Framework Directive (WFD), this will be a major challenge for the future planning on water management.

Cost-share programs are commonly-used policy tools designed to influence management on privately-owned lands. Widely popular on agricultural lands, these programs and their association with landowner behavior have not been as thoroughly studied on forested lands. Based on a dataset of over 3500 observations and using propensity score matching to reduce possible selection bias, this study found that family forest owners in the U.S. Northern region enrolled in cost-share programs were more actively engaged in both silvicultural and conservation management activities than non-participants. These findings point to the capacity of cost-share public programs to promote better forest management. This study found that cost-share participation varied across size of forest holdings, owners' demographic characteristics, ownership objectives and forest location. Owners of smaller sized forestlands had a lower participation rate and might be a prime target group of future cost-share programs to widen forest and wildlife habitat management.

Non-native species pose one of the greatest threats to native biodiversity, and can have severe negative impacts in freshwater ecosystems. Identifying regions of spatial overlap between high freshwater biodiversity and high invasion pressure may thus better inform the prioritization of freshwater conservation efforts. We employ geospatial analysis of species distribution data to investigate the potential threat of non-native species to aquatic animal taxa across the continental United States. We mapped non-native aquatic plant and animal species richness and cumulative invasion pressure to estimate overall negative impact associated with species introductions. These distributions were compared to distributions of native aquatic animal taxa derived from the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) database. To identify hotspots of native biodiversity we mapped total species richness, number of threatened and endangered species, and a community index of species rarity calculated at the watershed scale. An overall priority index allowed identification of watersheds experiencing high pressure from non-native species and also exhibiting high native biodiversity conservation value. While priority regions are roughly consistent with previously reported prioritization maps for the US, we also recognize novel priority areas characterized by moderate-to-high native diversity but extremely high invasion pressure. We further compared priority areas with existing conservation protections as well as projected future threats associated with land use change. Our findings suggest that many regions of elevated freshwater biodiversity value are compromised by high invasion pressure, and are poorly safeguarded by existing conservation mechanisms and are likely to experience significant additional stresses in the future.

The relationship between ecosystem functioning and species diversity is important for conservation and restoration management of endangered ecosystems. Here we experimentally analysed the effects of tree species richness and composition on the fundamental ecosystem process of leaf litter decomposition in the Brazilian Atlantic Rainforest. We measured the decomposition rates of leaf litter of eight broad-leaved, native tree species either individually or in mixtures of two, four, or six species. Additionally, we analysed the effect of macro- and meso-invertebrate exclusion using coarse- and fine-meshed litter bags. Species composition, but not species richness, significantly influenced litter decomposition rates. Invertebrate exclusion also influenced litter decomposition, although this effect varied between species and mixtures. Overall, litter decomposition dynamics was non-additive, i.e. observed decomposition rates of litter mixtures differed from what would be expected from the decomposition rates of their component species. However, there were also differences between mixtures, which could be at least partly attributed to the varying influence of invertebrates. We conclude that the relationship between the decomposition subsystem and species diversity in the Atlantic Rainforest follows the idiosyncratic response hypothesis and not the rivet hypothesis. For conservation or reforestation management, our results emphasise the need to maintain or restore the composition of locally native tree species communities rather than to maintain only a high tree species richness.

China harbors a rich variety of forest types and forest-associated biodiversity, linked to both historical and contemporary environmental factors. However, being a country with a large population and rapid economic development, its diverse forest is facing unprecedent challenges. The Chinese Forest Biodiversity Network (CForBio) was initiated 12 years ago to study the maintenance of biodiversity in China’s forest ecosystems. In this review, we first summarize research progress in CForBio, and then give suggestions for future research. In the past 12 years, the research based on CForBio mainly focused on local ecological factors, such as environment filtering, biotic interactions and small-scale dispersal limitation. We suggest that future studies in CForBio should (1) continue research on trees, but expand more on insects, birds, mammals, microbes and other organism groups; (2) investigate the effects of widespread defaunation on forest biodiversity, structure and functioning; (3) evaluate the diverse effects of climate change on forest composition, structure and functioning; (4) include new technologies, such as remote sensing, to better monitor and study forest biodiversity change and maintenance.

Understanding how we built our knowledge on species descriptions is especially important in biodiversity hotspots, since those regions potentially harbour many undescribed-endemic species that are already threatened by intensification of human activities. We compiled an extensive dataset on anuran, lizard, and snake assemblages in the Atlantic Forest (AF) hotspot, South America, to evaluate the role of geographic and socioeconomic factors on herpetofaunal species discoveries. We applied spatial autoregressive methods under a multimodel inference framework to quantify the extent to which human occupation, economic development, on-ground accessibility, biodiversity appeal (i.e. interest of first researching preserved areas), and expertise availability explain geographical discovery trends of distinct herpetofaunal groups. More populous regions show more recently described species, particularly in southeastern AF where regional expert availability and economic development are greater. The influence of human occupation on geographical discovery trends carries the impact of historical human colonization in the AF, which happened mainly over endemism-rich mountainous regions in its southeastern section. Similarly, the biodiversity appeal effect is linked to the current reserve network in the AF that was only established after the massive human disturbance of lowland forest regions. Overall, our findings indicate that low-populated areas with low on-ground accessibility should be prioritized in future studies in the AF, since these are where the taxonomic impediment is more likely to occur.

Subtropical Argentinean Chaco forests have been severely deforested and fragmented due to agriculture during the last six decades. The most affected forests are located in areas that are most favorable for crops. This is the case of the semi-deciduous “bosque de tres quebrachos” (“three quebrachos forest”) in southwest of Chaco Province (Argentina), where this study was carried out. The aim of this work was to analyze the fragmentation process, considering spatial (fragments and landscape levels) and temporal (land use changes) scales, studying the effects on the forest structure (density and basal area) and tree recruitment. All trees (adults and saplings) were recorded and measured in 112 plots (400 m2) distributed in 28 forest fragments (0.9–160 ha) located at four different landscape samples (4500 ha) in one environmentally homogeneous zone (72,804 ha). The four landscape samples have different current forest cover (low/high) and different land use history (low/high). Using linear mixed models, we evaluated the effects of current and historic fragment size, landscape forest cover and land use changes on the density and basal area at stand level, and considering the two different strata (upper and middle). Results showed that fragmentation did not severely affect the structure of the older age classes of trees in the remaining fragments but affect the tree recruitment, which could influence over the ability of the forest to perpetuate itself. We found positive relationships between sapling density and fragment size for the tree species of middle stratum, and between sapling density and forest cover at landscape level for the species of upper stratum. Regarding adults, we found a negative relationship between density and historic fragment size, probably related to the past timber harvesting. We concluded that even small fragments of three quebrachos forest and those located in highly deforested landscapes have high conservation value since their structure does not differ from that of the larger fragments or landscapes with higher forest cover. Our results reveal the importance of considering landscape and fragment scales simultaneously to better understand the fragmentation process and improve the recommendations for the management of fragmented landscapes.

In this study, we review the current available information on the social–ecological context of Brazilian tropical dry forests (TDFs), a vegetation type that covers approximately 3% of the country territory. For this purpose, we conducted a comparative analysis of two case studies, one study in the north of Minas Gerais state and the other in Paranã River Basin, situated in southeastern and central Brazil, respectively. We compiled published bibliographical and census-based data for the two regions, concerning the historical human occupation and land use and the environmental and development policies affecting TDF management and sustainable use. Brazilian TDFs usually occur in semi-arid climates, and have been intensely converted mainly to extensive pasturelands in large farms, thus leading to high income concentration in those areas. Our case studies involve less-developed regions that support populations with very low human development indices, which is the norm for Brazilian TDFs. Many of these are traditional populations, such as indigenous and slave descendents, with peculiar cultural practices only recently considered in government policies proposed for the forest management. Though the two regions have similar land use histories, current social–ecological scenarios are very different. In the north of Minas Gerais, TDF conversion policies were debated intensely for the last 15 years, recently resulting in a state law specifically generated to regulate TDF use. Also, this region has 20 conservation units (CUs), some of them delimited inside the territories of the several traditional populations that inhabit TDF areas. This process caused enduring conflicts that can affect both CUs’ effectiveness and the sustenance of these populations. In the Paranã River Basin, there is no specific policy towards TDFs, whose use is regulated by the 43-year-old Brazilian Federal Forest Code. There are only four CUs in this region, and most traditional populations were expelled from their original territories and consequently lost their cultural identity. Government sustainability strategies are limited to the establishment of CUs, a response that may disregard social demands and cultural practices, depending on the local context. Given the uniqueness and threat level to TDFs, specific and more diversified policies towards land use should be established for these ecosystems in order to stimulate low-impact activities that maintain ecosystem services and improve the livelihoods of TDF inhabitants.

The protected lands estate increased dramatically during the 20th century and forms the backbone of current fisheries and wildlife conservation in North America. However, there is increasing evidence that modern conservation goals cannot be achieved by only focusing on adding new acreage, particularly with opportunistic protection. In the 21st century, flexibility and adaptability of conservation options can be accomplished by expanding the vocabulary of conservation planning beyond protection. We suggest a conceptual framework that considers suites of objectives to translate the broad goal of “conservation” into multiple implementation-specific objectives. These objectives form the “PCRM-PI” approach: protect, connect, restore, manage, partner, and inform. We use a case study to illustrate the limitations of protection-centric planning and how expanding the definition of conservation opportunity can help planners do more on the landscape. We suggest that the PCRM-PI approach with implementation-specific objectives is an effective way to bridge planning-implementation gaps and translate broad, landscape-level conservation goals into implementable actions.

We investigated the genetic diversity and structure of Aechmea winkleri Reitz, an endemic bromeliad found in Southern Brazilian Atlantic rainforest. Seven nuclear microsatellite markers were used to analyze 162 samples from four localities sampled throughout the entire geographic distribution of the species. Results indicate relatively high levels of genetic diversity with an average of allelic richness of 3.57, and observed and expected heterozygosity of 0.559 and 0.608, respectively. The within-inbreeding coefficient was low, ranging from −0.011 to 0.094. All localities significantly deviated from Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium with three of them showing heterozygosites deficiency. Most of the genetic variation (96.64%) was found within localities. No reduction in population size (bottleneck) was detected. Low levels of genetic differentiation among localities were found with pairwise FST comparisons varying from 0.021 to 0.075. Bayesian analyses revealed that A. winkleri is composed by two genetic groups. The number of migrants per generation was high (>1), which maintain localities' cohesion and gene flow. Despite genetic erosion was not detected in the present study, our results revealed that the four localities sampled actually represent one population, the only known so far in nature. Management strategies for A. winkleri conservation should be undertaken as it is an endemic species which occurs in a biome that has gone through major deforestation and fragmentation. This would avoid the increase of inbreeding rates and the loss of genetic diversity.

Despite all efforts to promote sustainable use of timber resources in tropical forests, the current management criteria still require adjustments at a species level, considering specific growth patterns and ecological features. Forest management in upland forests (terra firme) of the Brazilian Amazon region generally applies for all commercial tree species a common minimum logging diameter (MLD) of 50 cm and a felling cycle (FC) varying according to the harvest intensity between 25 and 35 years.. In this study, we define species-specific FCs and MLDs for the two commercial tree species Hymenaea courbaril L. (Fabaceae) and Handroanthus serratifolius (Vahl) S.O. Grose (Bignoniaceae) from the terra firme of the Southern Brazilian Amazon, applying growth models based on the relationships between estimated tree age, diameter, height and volume. A total of 37 transversal cross-sections (20 stem discs from Hymenaea and 17 from Handroanthus) were obtained at a height of 20–60 cm above soil level in a private forest concession close to the municipality of Novo Aripuanã in the southern region of the Amazonas state. The two species are common in terra firme forests and have high wood densities of 0.76–0.96 g cm−3 (H. courbaril) and 0.85–1.08 g cm−3 (H. serratifolius). The mean age of H. courbaril and H. serratifolius, estimated by ring counting, varied from 104 to 241 years and both species had similar mean diameter increments of 3.9 ± 0.5 mm year−1 and 4.1 ± 0.6 mm year−1, respectively. Both species present similar tree growth in diameter, height and volume resulting in a FC of 24.2 years and a MLD of 64.9 cm for H. courbaril, and a FC of 26.0 years and a MLD of 69.5 cm for H. serratifolius. These results demonstrate the need to adjust the selective logging systems practiced in the Brazilian Amazon region towards a species-specific management of timber species to increase the sustainability of selective logging.

Although >12 million ha of southeastern United States are intensively managed pine forest, we have little understanding of biological contributions of aquatic systems embedded in pine plantations. Further, the influence surrounding forest stand structure on assemblages of wetland-associated species in managed forests are poorly understood. To address these gaps, we investigated herpetofaunal assemblages across three ephemeral aquatic system types [unaltered sites (n = 16), altered sites (n = 18), and roadside ditches (n = 19)] embedded in an intensively managed pine landscape in eastern North Carolina, USA. These aquatic systems varied in their disturbance intensity and landscape context. Unaltered sites were avoided by silvicultural activities (set aside), altered sites were actively managed as part of the surrounding plantation, and ditches received maintenance as part of routine forest management. We examined amphibian and reptile species richness and assemblage composition at 53 aquatic sites surrounded by early-, middle-, or late-rotation aged pine plantations. During January–July 2013 and January–June 2014, we detected 34 amphibian and reptile species with visual encounter, dipnet, and call surveys at aquatic sites. We estimated species richness and used Analysis of Similarity to assess differences in species richness and assemblage structure by aquatic system type and stand age class. Amphibian species richness was greatest in unaltered and altered sites but was similar among stand age classes. Reptile species richness was similar among aquatic system types and stand age classes. Analysis of Similarity results revealed that amphibian assemblages were similar among stand age classes but were significantly different among all aquatic systems. Reptile assemblages also were similar among stand age classes but differed between altered sites and roadside ditches. Differences between richness and assemblage results may have been related to low detections of reptiles because our non-metric multi-dimensional scaling analysis, which only included species with >1 detection, revealed less obvious differences among reptile assemblages by aquatic system type. Despite dramatic variation in disturbance intensity and site-level environmental metrics, we did not find distinct herpetofaunal assemblages among aquatic system types or stand age classes. Our results suggest that aquatic systems in reconfigured landscapes not only support a range of herpetofaunal species, but that amphibian and reptile assemblages are similar across system types.

Forest plantations are increasingly used as tools to restore local biodiversity. Measures aimed at making plantations more complex and similar to natural forests to preserve biodiversity are still under debate. In this paper, we compare the role of natural and planted Pinus spp. for the maintenance of regional forest bird diversity along large-scale ecological gradients in Southern Europe. We modelled the relative contribution of the extent of either natural or planted pine forests to explain the richness of pine-dwelling forest birds in 3950 sample units (10 km × 10 km cells) in peninsular Spain after controlling for the potential effects of geographical variables, environmental factors, surrounding land-uses, forest cover and vegetation structure within pine forests. Planted pine forests maintained less pine-dwelling forest bird species than did natural pine forests after controlling for confounding variables and structural differences. Such differences may be due to the time lags involved in forest bird community assembly. Regional and local drivers explaining the regional bird species richness varied among pine species, either natural or planted. Management recommendations to increase bird diversity should not be based on just mimicking natural pine forest structure as quickly as possible. Rather, specific practices should be developed locally together with the maintenance of unexploited natural stands for both reference and conservation of the results of the temporal component of community assembly.

One of the major strategies used to prevent extinction of forest species is restoration of previously depleted areas. In this paper, we investigate the ability of forest restoration to produce tree populations with high genetic diversity in previously deforested areas. We used nine SSR markers to genotype populations of two forest restorations and two areas of natural remnants. There were no significant differences between natural forest remnants and restored forests with respect to inbreeding levels (f = 0.20) or genetic diversity, as assessed by levels of heterozygosity (HS ∼ 0.31–0.43) and allelic richness (2.41–2.94). Instead, we found evidence of gene flow from neighbouring woods to restored forests. Although some populations may show a lower number of private alleles, this would be an expected result of a bottleneck effect in reduced populations such as those in forest restorations. Although the loss of these low frequency alleles has no major consequences for genetic diversity, the impact on population fitness in a scenario of environmental change is unpredictable.

Patterns of scale in ecology illustrate the importance of approaching different levels of analysis in conservation studies. For example, studies focusing on populations may bring different contributions to management compared to landscape studies. In human ecology, especially concerning fishing strategies, what are the observed patterns and their implications to management? In this study, I present the territorial behaviour of riverine and maritime Brazilian fishers at different scales. Fishing territories range from spots owned by individuals for longlines, to areas defended by communities, such as lakes and bays for net fishing. Examples are given by fishers from the Atlantic Forest coast from southern Brazil, and from the Amazon rivers. For example, it is observed that fishing rights may depend on density of fishers, density of outsiders (such as recreational fishers), diversity or availability of spots, and mobility of technology. No fishing rights or territories are expected in places with a high availability of spots and when employing mobile technologies (such as hook and line). The possibilities of including local rules and institutions in Brazilian environmental policies are analysed.

Climate warming and increasing aridity may negatively impact forest productivity across southern Europe. A better understanding of growth responses to climate and drought in southernmost populations could provide insight on the vulnerability of those forests to aridification. Here we investigate growth responses to climate and drought in nine Pinus pinaster (maritime pine) stands situated in Andalusia, southern Europe. The effect of climatic variables (temperatures and precipitation) and drought on radial growth was studied using dendrochronology along biogeographic and ecological gradients. We analyzed old native stands with non-tapped and resin-tapped trees mixed, showing their usefulness in dendroclimatic studies. Our results indicate a high plasticity in the growth responses of maritime pine to climate and drought, suggesting that site aridity modulated these responses. The positive growth responses to spring precipitation and the negative responses to summer drought were stronger in the more xeric inland sites than in wet coastal ones, in particular from the 1980s onwards. The characterization of tree species’ responses to climate at the southern or dry limits in relation to site conditions allows improving conservation strategies in drought-prone forest ecosystems.

Political responses to global deforestation, as a defining characteristic of the so-called Anthropocene, are a key field for scholarship and policy analysis. In the past decade, research has proliferated on global forest governance and the international forest regime (IFR), yet the academic literature on the IFR is just as dispersed and fragmented as the IFR itself. An emerging body of literature now suggests the key role of domestic actors in international forest governance, questioning an implicit top-down logic of global arrangements. In spite of all the resources at its disposal, the IFR is characterised by complexity, fragmentation and ineffectiveness regarding its main objective of reducing global deforestation.Based on an extensive literature review, the authors’ long-standing observations and selected own empirical findings, this review article aims to provide an updated historical account of the IFR and proposes a from-below approach for analysing the IFR from the viewpoint of domestic actors. In this bottom-up perspective the IFR is conceptualised as a set of resources that key domestic actors can pick and choose from according to their interests and in the light of domestic politics.Using illustrative empirical examples from recent research and own observations, the article finds that the IFR is being hollowed-out by (i) the growing policy links between forests and climate change - a process referred to as “climatization”- and (ii) domestic influences. We conclude that our from-below approach is instrumental in further explaining why deforestation has largely continued, despite the emergence of the IFR some three decades ago. Our findings about the importance of domestic actors illustrate that global governance arrangements cannot operate effectively, relative to their ambitious mandate and for tackling policy issues relating to the Anthropocene, unless they are granted adequate resources and support by key domestic actors.

Habitat selection is a scale-dependent process of paramount importance to the understanding of how species deal with environmental variation. This process has practical implications for wildlife conservation, aiding in the identification of key resources for animals and in the definition of scales relevant to the proposal of practical conservation actions. In this study, we investigated in different spatial scales the habitat selection of the maned three-toed sloth (Bradypus torquatus), a threatened and endemic arboreal folivore of the Atlantic rainforest (vulnerable, sensu IUCN). We radio-tracked and monitored seven sloths for 18 months in landscapes of Southern Bahia, Brazil, the current core region of the species’ distribution. The average values of the home-range estimates were low, but varied considerably among individuals regardless of the estimator (from 0.95 to 27.8 ha, MCP method, and from 0.39 to 21.52 ha, fixed kernel method). At the landscape scale, the maned sloths preferred early secondary forest and shade cacao plantations, avoided open areas, and occupied late secondary forest as expected compared to its availability. At the home range scale, however, the sloths did not show preference for any forest category, though, again, avoided open areas. At smaller spatial scales, the sloths were highly selective towards forest patches characterized by complex vegetation structures (i.e., areas with a high density of trees, closed and dense canopies), and selected large trees with lianas and bromeliads and also with connected crowns. The high selectivity observed at finer scales appeared to be the result of limited spatial perception and experience due to the species’ characteristic slow mobility. Our results support the notion that maned sloths can effectively occupy (and even select for) disturbed forested habitats. However, we do not know whether sloth populations are viable in landscapes containing only disturbed habitats or low proportions of undisturbed habitats.

Anopheles cruzii is the main vector of human and simian malaria in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. This biome, which is an important hotspot of malaria transmission, has suffered fragmentation and deforestation as a result of urban expansion. Fragmentation and deforestation occur continually in the south of the city of São Paulo, Brazil, and findings of An. cruzii in the peridomicile have consequently become more frequent in this part of the city. Although An. cruzii is of considerable epidemiological importance, the impact of urbanization on the microevolution of this species in this malaria-endemic region has not been investigated to date. In this study, we investigated temporal variation in wing shape and size in An. cruzii populations collected in sylvatic, peri-urban and urban areas over a three-year period. Our results show a slight but significant phenotypic variation in all three populations over the study period. Time was a more powerful driver for wing variation than geographic distance. Temporal wing-shape variation appears to be positively associated with urbanization, suggesting that anthropogenic changes in the environment may be a strong driver for wing-shape variation in An. cruzii. Further studies using genetic markers are needed to assess genetic differentiation in these populations.

t horizon scan, conducted in 2009, aimed to identify novel but poorly known issues with potentially significant effects on global conservation of biological diversity. Following completion of the tenth annual scan, we reviewed the 15 topics identified a decade ago and assessed their development in the scientific literature and news media. Five topics, including microplastic pollution, synthetic meat, and environmental applications of mobile-sensing technology, appeared to have had widespread salience and effects. The effects of six topics were moderate, three have not emerged, and the effects of one topic were low. The awareness of, and involvement in, these issues by 12 conservation organisations has increased for most issues since 2009.

The Brazilian Atlantic forest constitutes a unique biome characterised by a high species diversity and a high level of endemism. A long history of land clearing for crops, pastures, timber and firewood has resulted in over two centuries of widespread destruction. Today, less than 6·8% of the total area of the Atlantic forest of Minas Gerais has any form of forest cover and forests in primaeval state are not far from becoming extinct. The remaining forest patches are small, isolated and unprotected. In order to preserve some of the original diversity of the Atlantic forest, urgent efforts must be channelled toward protecting the remaining forest fragments.

Ecological restoration of forests is largely favored by tree planting, often leaving out other important growth forms. Despite their relevant ecological roles, in restoration plantations, epiphytic richness rarely reaches values found in reference ecosystems. At the same time, epiphytes are wasted when forests are cleared for infrastructure projects, instead of being properly relocated. The goal of this study is to improve the knowledge for epiphytic relocation and enrichment, in restoration forests. We seek to answer the following questions: (i) Over a one year period, can six species of epiphytes survive, attach to phorophytes and reproduce, after being transplanted to host trees? (ii) Is epiphyte development after transplantation affected by species of phorophytes, bark roughness, canopy cover and position of transplantation? (iii) Is performance of relocated epiphytes species specific? For this purpose, 360 adult individuals of vascular epiphytes (Bromeliaceae, Cactaceae and Orchidaceae) were transplanted onto host trees located in two semi-deciduous seasonal forests in the Atlantic Forest of Sao Paulo, Brazil. Epiphytes achieved high survival rates after one year (55.2–100% of individuals) and all species presented structures for either sexual or asexual reproduction. Their overall development was enhanced when we carried out transplantations at the beginning of wet season and using sisal string to attach epiphytes and palm fiber to cover phorophyte’s bark, which were relevant factors attributing to the success of transplantations. Species of phorophyte was not an attributing factor to the successful development of transplanted individuals, which only showed slight responses to conditions they provided. However, responses among epiphytes were species-specific, demonstrating the importance of studying their biology in order to successfully enrich restoration forests.

The term high nature value (HNV) farming, acknowledges that the conservation of a large proportion of European biodiversity and important semi-natural habitats are dependent on low-input, mainly extensive farming practices. HNV has become a focus for nature conservation and countryside management in Europe. This paper critically analyses the drivers of change and the challenges facing two European HNV upland pastoralist systems, one in the French Atlantic Pyrenees and the other in the Irish uplands. The detailed case studies highlight the traditional linkages between the landscape, grazing management, locally adapted animal breeds and social capital, all of which are currently under threat from globalised markets and policy orientation. The research findings indicate that the European multifunctional model of agriculture and its support for farm diversification including the provision of environmental goods and services has not been successful in targeting and rewarding HNV systems. In the search for economic viability (and social acceptance) many are left with the stark choice of intensification or abandonment; ultimately meeting neither market demands nor ecosystem services. We conclude with a recommendation for more targeted, evidence based support for HNV farmland, along with better integration in the wider rural economy, if these farming practices are to survive into the future and if the EU is to meet its 2020 biodiversity targets.

s the most biodiverse country in the world. It performed an expansion of its Protected Areas system in order to better preserve nature and to accomplish international agreements, such as the Target 11 of the Convention on Biological Diversity, which establishes a minimum percentage of territorial coverage and adequate management of Protected Areas (PAs). We evaluated the achievement of those objectives by analyzing the distribution of Conservation Units (CUs), Indigenous Territories and other classes of PAs on Brazilian biomes, as well as their current management situation. The country is unlikely to meet the target due to the lack of PAs outside the Amazon biome and to poor CUs management conditions, whose main causes are the fragile financial situation of environmental agencies and the high costs of land tenure regularization. In addition to other environmental policies setbacks, the Brazilian environmental leadership is seriously threatened.

Sustainable production and biodiversity conservation can be mutually supportive in providing multiple ecosystem services to farmers and society. This study aimed to determine the contribution of agroforestry systems, as tested by family farmers in the Brazilian Rainforest region since 1993, to tree biodiversity and evaluated farmers’ criteria for tree species selection. In addition, long-term effects on microclimatic temperature conditions for coffee production and chemical and biological soil characteristics at the field scale were compared to full-sun coffee systems. A floristic inventory of 8 agroforests and 4 reference forest sites identified 231 tree species in total. Seventy-eight percent of the tree species found in agroforests were native. The variation in species composition among agroforests contributed to a greater γ-diversity than α-diversity. Monthly average maximum temperatures were approximately 6 °C higher in full-sun coffee than in agroforests and forests. Total soil organic C, N mineralization and soil microbial activity were higher in forests than in coffee systems, whereas the chemical and biological soil quality in agroforests did not differ significantly from full-sun coffee after 13 years. Given its contribution to the conservation of biodiversity and its capacity to adapt coffee production to future climate change, coffee agroforestry offers a promising strategy for the area.

Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) establish symbiotic associations with higher plants, which support the establishment and maintenance of plant communities across a range of environments, including those adversely affected by anthropogenic activity as well as natural sites. This study aimed at determining the diversity and distribution of AMF in areas of the tropical semi-arid region of Caatinga, Brazil, and compare areas in a naturally preserved state with anthropized sites. We characterized AMF communities in soil samples (n = 108), based on morphological taxonomy, at three sampling occasions and from six areas (typical Caatinga, extremely sandy Caatinga, stony Caatinga, rocky Caatinga, and two typical Caatinga areas that had been modified by human activities), at the National Park of Catimbau, Northeast Brazil. Eighty AMF species were recorded, with Glomus and Acaulospora predominating at all sites. There were significant differences in the composition of AMF communities between natural and anthropized sites, and among sampling occasions. Habitat-types also influenced AMF communities in Caatinga. Extensive tropical dry forest areas, such as the Catimbau National Park possess distinct niches, which maintain diverse AMF communities that are determined by anthropogenic activities, as well as vegetation types and environmental conditions.

Seascapes contain a mosaic of ecosystem types, including ‘small natural features’ that support a diverse fauna and flora, and provide ecosystem services disproportionate to their size. These include tropical coral reefs, seagrass meadows, rhodolith beds, kelp and mangrove forests as well as deep-sea coral reefs, sponge gardens and hydrothermal vents. The contributions of coral reefs, mangrove forests and seagrass meadows are well recognised as important components of tropical marine seascapes. In temperate regions, hotspots of primary productivity such as kelp forests, and vegetation-based ecosystems found at coastal margins play significant roles in nutrient and sediment trapping and coastal protection. Biogenic features in coastal regions can also play important roles, including shellfish reefs, sponge gardens and macroalgal mats that provide physical structure within soft sediment ecosystems. Similar biogenic features are found in the deep sea, which often occur associated with seamounts, canyon features, cold seeps and hydrothermal vents. Many marine small natural features are globally threatened as they are found at the interface with human-influenced landscapes (coastal ecosystems) or are the focus of resource exploitation (e.g., trawling for fish associated with seamounts and canyons). Challenges in management are, however, consistent across depths, and highlight the restricted spatial extent of such features, and the limited information typically available on their distributions, and the ecosystem services they provide. Numerous strategies can be utilized to sustainably manage, protect, create and restore these marine small natural features and their associated biodiversity.

Forest mineral soils have the potential to accumulate large amounts of carbon (C). Numerous factors, which have often been insufficiently studied, affect soil organic C (SOC) stocks. Detailed knowledge of variation in SOC storage is important to assess the C accumulation potential of forest soils. To examine the impacts of forest continuity, soil depth and tree species on SOC stocks, 15 ancient (> 230 years of forest continuity) and 15 old (> 100 but < 200 years of forest continuity) forest soils, topsoil and subsoil in the Templiner Buchheide (Brandenburg, NE Germany) were compared. The old forest sites were afforested on former grassland or wasteland. On all sites grew one of three dominant tree species: European beech (Fagus sylvatica), Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or oak (Quercus spec.). Pine forest sites had been underplanted with beech and were mixed-species stands. Soil samples were taken down to a mean depth of 55 cm. Total contents of SOC, nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P), sulphur (S), calcium (Ca), potassium (K) and magnesium (Mg); soil pH; and bulk densities were determined.The soils of ancient forest sites stored significantly more total SOC, N, P, S, K and Mg than did the old ones. Mean total SOC stocks in ancient forests of all three tree species were 12–17% larger compared with those in old forests. Significant differences in SOC stocks between the two forest continuity groups appeared only in subsoil and not in topsoil. Pine forest stored larger SOC stocks than did beech and oak forests. Significant differences were found between ancient pine and oak forests and between ancient beech and oak forests. Soils in ancient beech and pine forests at depths of between 29 and 55 cm contained, on average, even 50% larger SOC stocks than did soils at the same depths in ancient oak forests and in all old forests.Forest continuity significantly affected SOC stocks. These results support previous studies that old forests are still able to enrich SOC. Although soil samples were carried out to a mean depth of only 55 cm, the results indicate that differences in SOC stocks between ancient and old forest could also be found in deeper soil layers. It was suggested that beech and mixed-species stands of beech and pine and total soil P stocks had a positive effect on SOC stocks in subsoil. To understand SOC accumulation in forests, especially in subsoil, with a forest continuity of > 100 years, the role of different tree species and of total P cycling in forests, deeper sampling depths and repeated sampling would be required.

Physical habitat requirements of fish vary with species and life-stage. Water depth and velocity have been widely suggested as strong abiotic controls on juvenile Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) habitat. The quality of hydraulic habitat is the result of complex interactions between stream flow dynamics and stream bed morphology. In this paper we investigated the seasonal effects of flow regime and bed morphology on the availability of habitat for salmon fry over a 40-year period. The study was based in an upland Scottish river, the Girnock Burn, a long-term salmon monitoring site. We compared six sites with contrasting bed morphologies, representing the range of in-stream habitats used by salmon fry. For each site, detailed topographic surveys and daily specific discharge time series were used in a 2D hydraulic model to obtain spatially distributed water depths and mean column velocities, under different flow conditions. Normalised fish density was used as a metric to characterise potential seasonal habitat quality. This was predicted by combining previously-derived seasonal General Additive Models with 2D hydraulic models. Our results showed that sites can provide a portion of suitable habitat under a wide range of flow conditions. Habitat quality was more stable in autumn than in spring and summer using bench-marked comparisons. Marked inter-site differences occurred in spring and summer, while in autumn differences between sites were relatively small. Habitat quality time series showed consistent temporal patterns between the sites and no clear long-term trends were identified. Overall, dry-weather with low flows interspersed with high streamflow events represented the most unfavourable conditions for salmon fry with summer being the most sensitive period. Although the Girnock provides fry habitat that is generally resilient to flow variability, our results suggest that, under extremely variable and warm summer flows, mitigating strategies might be needed in order to preserve system productivity.

Despite its relevance to contemporary biodiversity conservation, the ecological mechanisms controlling nonrandom species replacements and biotic homogenization of native biotas remain poorly understood. Here, we advocate for the widespread occurrence of a pattern of winner–loser species turnover exhibited in tropical forest floras: the replacement of old-growth tree species by a small set of pioneer or successional tree species across edge-dominated habitats in hyper-fragmented landscapes. A growing body of evidence on biotic reassembly in human-degraded forest sites suggests that winner–loser replacements are often advanced by native rather than exotic plant species, leading to taxonomic homogenization at multiple spatial scales (i.e. from local to regional assemblages). This process does not rely on biological invasions and associated shifts in geographic ranges of nonindigenous species. Moreover, this form of biodiversity erosion is not limited to restricted-range and endemic species but can include any species of many ecological groups that are apparently intolerant to highly modified habitat conditions, such as desiccated/illuminated forest edges and fire-degraded forest fragments persisting in open-habitat matrices. This unidirectional pattern of species turnover is expected to set in motion devastating cascading effects onto higher trophic levels that will eventually disrupt the structure of the entire forest ecosystem. Our framework not only reaffirms the winner–loser replacement paradigm, but also contends that the proliferation of disturbance-adapted native organisms has a pivotal role in sealing the fate of tropical biodiversity in particular contexts.

The gravity of hurricane effects on forests, livelihoods, and infrastructure is the product of social-political dynamics, land-use practices and decisions, and biophysical and meteorological factors that interact to make some societies more vulnerable than others to experiencing a hurricane event as a disaster. In this article, we discuss how three syndromes of vulnerability (elimination of natural vegetation cover, deficient land and ecological planning, and economic specialization) interact to determine the ecological and social vulnerability of nine rural communities located in the south coast of Jalisco, Mexico, after the passage of hurricane Jova in October 2011. Based on interviews with 80 families from these communities and visual interpretations of satellite imagery before and after the hurricane, we show how position in the landscape, economic specialization, land use practices, and non-fulfillment of the legal framework for protecting forests in risky areas combine to determine vulnerability of families and vegetation to the effects of hurricane. As disasters are the result of a complex combination of natural menaces and accumulated human actions that increase vulnerability, decreasing impacts of future hurricanes in the area will depend on a landscape planning, willingness to cooperate towards common objectives, change in land use practices, and a more proactive political interrelationship of local, state and federal government.

To elucidate the relationship between forest dynamics and fire frequency pollen percentages and charcoal amounts from a 120 cm long peat core and from samples of modern pollen rain were collected along a transect. The study site in southern Brazil is characterized by a species-rich mosaic of grassland–Araucaria forest. It is of crucial importance for management strategies for conservation to understand the development and maintenance of these vegetation mosaics including their sharp forest–grassland boundaries. During the late Holocene, considerable changes occurred in the area. From Anno Domini (AD) 1360 to 1410, the area was dominated by Campos (grassland) vegetation and fire was very common. From AD 1410 to 1500, Araucaria forest expanded and fire was less frequent. From AD 1500 to 1580, Campos grassland spread and the Araucaria forest ceased its development, apparently due to the increase of fire. From AD 1580 to 1935, after a decrease in fire frequency, Araucaria forest expanded again. From AD 1935 to the present, the Araucaria forest expanded while the Campos area decreased. Fire was very rare in this period. The results indicate a strong interaction of forest expansion, forming a mosaic of Campos and Araucaria forest, and the frequency of fire during the past 600 years. A possible collapse of the indigenous population following the post-Colombian colonization in southern Brazil after about AD 1550 may have caused a great reduction of fire frequency. The introduction of cattle (probably after AD 1780) and the resulting decrease of fire frequency might be the reason for forest expansion. Fire is probably the most important factor controlling the dynamics of the forest–grassland mosaics and the formation of sharp borders between these two vegetation types.

The objective of this study was to evaluate sediment, water and nutrient losses from different pasture managements in the Atlantic Rainforest biome. A field study was carried out in Alegre Espiríto Santo, Brazil, on a Xanthic Ferralsol cultivated with braquiaria (Brachiaria brizantha). The six pasture managements studied were: control (CON), chisel (CHI), fertilizer (FER), burned (BUR), plowing and harrowing (PH), and integrated crop-livestock (iCL). Runoff and sediment samples were collected and analyzed for calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), potassium (K), phosphorus (P) and organic carbon contents. Soil physical attributes and above and below biomass were also evaluated. The results indicated that higher water loss was observed for iCL (129.90 mm) and CON (123.25 mm) managements, and the sediment losses were higher for CON (10.24 t ha− 1) and BUR (5.20 t ha− 1) managements when compared to the other managements. Majority of the nutrients losses occurred in dissolved fraction (99% of Ca, 99% of Mg, 96% of K, and 65% of P), whereas a significant fraction of organic carbon (80%) loss occurred in a particulate form. Except for P, other nutrients (Ca, Mg and K) and organic carbon losses were higher in coarse sediment compared to fine sediment. The greater losses of sediment, organic carbon, and nutrients were observed for CON followed by BUR management (p < 0.05). Our findings indicated that the traditional pasture management adopted in the Atlantic Rainforest needs to be rethought and burned management should be avoided. Based on the water, soil, and nutrient losses from various practices, to reduce pasture degradation, farmers should adopt edaphic practices by applying lime and fertilize to improve pasture growth and soil cover, and reducing soil erosion in the hilly Brazilian Atlantic Rainforest biome.

Ecosystem Services are commonly understood as the goods and services people obtain from nature, such as carbon sequestration, provision of food and fibres, pollination, etc. The provision of these services is in part closely related to the level of biodiversity in a region. Since some forested regions are considered biodiversity hotspots, the loss of such forested areas would affect the provision of ecosystem services. Among others, expansion of the agricultural frontier, demand for timber, weak enforcement of environmental regulations, or illegal logging are some of the key factors contributing to forest loss. These factors can be supported or enhanced during or after periods of extreme social instability such as armed conflicts or wars. Analyzing forest cover data for four different countries that have experienced armed conflicts in the recent past (Nepal, Sri Lanka, Ivory Coast and Peru), we seek to understand the influence of armed conflicts in ecosystem services provision, aiming to identify social, political and institutional drivers. Our four case studies show that at the end of their armed conflicts, on an average there was a 68.08% increase of annual forest loss in the five years following the end of conflict, as compared to the worldwide 7.20% mean. We identified inappropriate governance and institutional arrangements as the key driver during the transition period. We argue that as part of a family of bottom-up approaches, the adaptiveco-management approach is a promising option to deal with similar situations in the future, helping to keep a sustainable provision of ecosystem services.

The maned sloth is a poorly known species endemic to the highly fragmented and disturbed Brazilian Atlantic forest. As this species has a strictly forest habitat and low dispersion ability, it is susceptible to local extinctions in small and isolated fragments. The project started in 1994, translocating stranded sloths found within or nearby urban zones into forest reserves located in Santa Teresa, state of Espı́rito Santo. Five translocated, radio-collared adults were monitored monthly from periods lasting from 10 months to 3 years after release and data on activity budgets, diet, and home range size were analysed. Results showed that moving and feeding time and distances travelled daily were not significantly related to translocation time (i.e., time, in days, after release). One female, monitored for three years showed, however, a steady and significant decrease in time spent moving from the first to the second to the third year of monitoring (regression Analysis; p<0.05). The distances it travelled/day also decreased throughout this same period, but results were not significant (ANOVA; p>0.05). Sloths explored the area more intensively in the first 6 months after release, but minor changes in home ranges were detected even after 3 years. Results suggest that maned sloths are amenable to translocation experiments provided that source and release sites are floristic and ecologically similar. To fully access the success of such experiments though, it is recommended that sloths be monitored for periods longer than 1 year.

Alnus glutinosa (alder) swamp woodlands are in danger of disappearing in Europe and, in Norway, several habitats with alder are threatened. Knowledge about the dynamics of alder swamp woodlands is crucial for the conservation and management of this vegetation. Our studied site, Rambjøra, in western Norway encompasses the Rambjøra Landscape Protected Area. We combined information from three sources—recent alder swamp woodland ecology, vegetation history, and agricultural history—to reveal the long-term vegetation dynamics of Rambjøra in relation to land-use. Dynamic changes in the predominance of forest or semi-natural grassland over 2800 years, concurrent with varying anthropogenic disturbances are inferred. At the investigated site, alder swamp woodland developed after forest clearance and changes in the water balance. The abundance of alder swamp woodlands have varied through time, increasing with low-impact land-use and declining with intensified use or abandonment. The highest biodiversity is found in periods with grazing, hay mowing, and probably fodder and fire wood collection. This indicates that agricultural practices of moderate intensity (grazing and hay cutting) should be part of the future management in order to maintain the biodiversity and meet the objective of the protection of Rambjøra. The study demonstrates the advantages of combining vegetation surveys, pollen records, and land-use history to provide a long-term perspective on vegetation development, and in our case also as an aid when establishing conservation strategies. Our findings need to be considered in future conservation and restoration of ecosystems with alder swamp woodlands.

Climate change, pollution and increased runoff are some of the main drivers of coral reefs degradation worldwide. However, the occurrence of runoff and marine pollution, as well as its ecological effects in South Atlantic coral reefs are still poorly understood. The aim of the present work is to characterize the terrigenous influence and contamination impact on the environmental health of five reefs located along a gradient of distance from a river source, using geochemical, water quality, and ecological indicators. Stable isotopes and sterols were used as geochemical indicators of sewage and terrigenous organic matter. Dissolved metal concentrations (Cu, Zn, Cd, and Pb) were used as indicators of water quality. Population density, bleaching and chlorophyll α content of the symbiont-bearing foraminifer Amphistegina gibbosa, were used as indicators of ecological effects. Sampling was performed four times during the year to assess temporal variability. Sediment and water quality indicators showed that reefs close to the river discharge experience nutrient enrichment and sewage contamination, and metals concentrations above international environmental quality guidelines. Higher levels of contamination were strongly related to the higher frequency of bleaching and lower density in A. gibbosa populations. The integrated evaluation of stable isotopes, sterols and metals provided a consistent diagnostic about sewage influence on the studied reefs. Additionally, the observed bioindicator responses evidenced relevant ecological effects. The water quality, geochemical and ecological indicators employed in the present study were effective as biomonitoring tools to be applied in reefs worldwide.

The distributional ecology of 87 macrolichens is reported from 14 unmanaged mid-seral and old forest stands along a precipitation gradient in south-central British Columbia. We used a combination of univariate and multivariate statistics to investigate the role of forest structure and stand age in the distribution of epiphytic macrolichens in interior cedar-hemlock forests. Old forests support a higher number of species; although mean species richness is not significantly different between the two age classes. Terricolous and epixylic community structure is correlated with stand age and log characteristics, but the epiphtytic community is not. Epiphytic community structure is strongly associated with precipitation in the old stands, but not in the mid-seral stands. Old forests at the wetter end of the precipitation gradient contained several old-growth associated species, all of which are hygrophytic. Most epiphytic macrolichens associated with old forests are not dependent on specific structural attributes. However, western red cedar (Thuja plicata Donn ex D. Don) harbors the greatest number of arboreal macrolichen species by far in these unmanaged stands and should, therefore, be considered a key indicator in managed forests. Our study suggests that most macrolichen species found in old forests can also occur in 70- to 165-year-old forests dating from stand-replacing fires. Old forests, however, clearly provide important habitat for oceanic epiphytes at the edge of their ecological range in the interior of British Columbia. Our findings illustrate that the macrolichen flora in wet toe-slope stands in humid inland British Columbia has a high level of resilience following disturbance under natural succession conditions. It also underlines the point that some species, like Lobaria pulmonaria, are good indicators of old-growth forests in certain regions but not in others, suggesting a careful use of the term old-growth dependence.

Estuaries are under major impacts from pollution even when managed as conservation units. Here we used multiple biogeochemical indexes of contamination and trophic status, including faecal sterols, biopolymers and trace metals, to determine and compare environmental quality of two tropical estuaries with contrasting conservation status. In the metropolitan estuary, eutrophic/hypereutrophic conditions and high concentrations (>1.0 µg g−1) of coprostanol were spatially correlated to sources of raw sewage input. Unexpected eutrophic sediments were also detected at the estuarine reserve, but with low sewage contamination indicating that high organic availability and burial predominated. The natural or polluted eutrophic sediments were determined by comparing multiple contamination indexes, which indicated sediment contamination within the metropolitan estuary. This study indicates that the long-term conservation of estuarine ecosystems on the Atlantic coast of Brazil are threatened by a typically poor sewage treatment and suggests that estuarine sediment quality need to be evaluated by multiple proxies before estuaries can be included in spatial conservation planning.

Bio-constructions by Sabellaria worms play a key functional role in the coastal ecosystems being an engineer organism and for this reason are the object of protection. The most widespread reef building species along Atlantic and Mediterranean coasts is S. alveolata (L.), while the aggregations of S. spinulosa are typically limited to the North Sea coasts. This paper constitutes the first detailed description of unusual large S. spinulosa reefs in the Mediterranean Sea. Defining current health status and evaluating the most important threats and impacts is essential to address conservation needs and design management plans for these large biogenic structures. Present knowledge on Mediterranean reefs of S. alveolata is fragmentary compared to Northeast Atlantic reefs, and concerning S. spinulosa, this paper represents a focal point in the knowledge on Mediterranean reefs of this species. A one-year study on temporal changes in reef structure and associated fauna is reported. The annual cycle of S. spinulosa reef shows a spawning event in winter-early spring, a period of growth and tubes aggregation from spring-early summer to autumn and a degeneration phase in winter. The variations exhibited in density of the worm aggregation and the changes in the reef elevation highlight a decline and regeneration of the structure over a year. The many ecological roles of the S. spinulosa reef were mainly in providing a diversity of microhabitats hosting hard and sandy bottom species, sheltering rare species, and producing biogenic structures able to provide coastal protection. The Mediterranean S. spinulosa reef does not shelter a distinctive associated fauna; however the richness in species composition underscores the importance of the reef as a biodiversity hot-spot. Finally, the roles of the biogenic formations and their important biotic and physical dynamics support the adoption of strategies for conservation of Mediterranean S.spinulosa reefs, according to the aims of the Habitat Directive.

A methodological approach for the conservation status assessment of Azorean natural habitats in Pico Island (Portugal) is presented, using the InVEST Habitat Quality model. This spatial analysis-based study was focused on a selected group of 33 endemic plant species occurring in Pico Island and protected under the Habitats Directive’s Listed Habitats for Macaronesia Region. The InVEST model combines information present in a Land Cover map with data on threats to habitats and habitats response, producing habitat quality and degradation maps as outputs, both represented in a score ranging from 0 to 1. Results showed that at higher altitudes habitats present better quality status, mostly due to the absence of the main threats such as Invasive Alien Species and Pasturelands. The study also showed that most areas with higher conservation quality are covered by the Pico Island Natural Park (a set of protected areas). Habitat patches showing higher degradation levels are located outside of the protected areas, supporting the increasing need for an integrated island-based conservation approach. This model valuation scheme might be used as an effective decision-support tool to prioritise areas for conservation actions and management in all nine Azorean Island Natural Parks, as well as in other small Macaronesian islands.

Tropical forest loss currently contributes 5 to 15% of anthropogenic carbon emissions to the atmosphere. The large uncertainty in emissions estimates is a consequence of many factors, including differences in definitions of forests and degradation, as well as estimation methodologies. However, a primary factor driving uncertainty is an inability to properly account for forest degradation. While remote sensing offers the only practical way of monitoring forest disturbances over large areas, and despite recent improvements in data quality and quantity and processing techniques, remote sensing approaches are still limited in their ability to detect forest degradation. In this paper, a system is presented that uses time series of Landsat data and spectral mixture analysis to detect both degradation and deforestation in forested landscapes. The Landsat data are transformed into spectral endmember fractions and are used to calculate the Normalized Degradation Fraction Index (NDFI; Souza et al., 2005). The spectrally unmixed data are used for disturbance monitoring and land cover classification via time series analysis. To assess the performance of the system, maps of deforestation and degradation were used to stratify the study area for collection of sample data to which unbiased estimators were applied to produce accuracy and area estimates of degradation and deforestation from 1990 to 2013. The approach extends previous research in spectral mixture analysis for identifying forest degradation to the temporal domain. The method was applied using the Google Earth Engine and tested in the Brazilian State of Rondônia. Degradation and deforestation were mapped with 88.0% and 93.3% User's Accuracy, and 68.1% and 85.3% Producer's Accuracy. Area estimates of degradation and deforestation were produced with margins of error of 13.9% and 5.3%, respectively, over the 24 year time period. These results indicate that for Rondônia a decreasing trend in deforestation after 2004 corresponds to an increase in degradation during the same time period.

Freshwater ecosystems across the Amazon are largely comprised of small streams and headwaters of riparian zones. These areas are legally protected within private landholdings in Brazil, but recent changes in the environmental legislation have slackened protection requirements, with unpredictable consequences to the integrity and functioning of these freshwater environments. Local drivers of riparian forest loss and degradation should be understood by considering context-dependent land management practices and pressures within a region. Here, we examine the spatial determinants of the total amount and spectral quality of both headwater and overall riparian forests within private landholdings within a highly fragmented region of southern Amazonia. We built generalized linear models to assess how the amount and spectral quality of headwater and riparian forests respond to landholding size and distance to roads and an urban center, and document landholder compliance rates according to both the current and previous Brazilian environmental legislation. Although forest loss and degradation are typically associated, forest degradation responded independently to the same drivers. Headwater forests were generally more degraded than riparian forests, and smallholders complied less often with legal requirements than largeholders. Proximity to roads and the nearest town had a detrimental effect on both headwater and riparian forest amount and quality, and distance to the nearest town affected all variables, except for headwater forest quality. Compliance with environmental legislation is the first step in protecting riparian and headwater forests, but alternative landscape management strategies must be explored, particularly focusing on smallholdings, which are most vulnerable to deforestation and forest degradation.

An ecosystem services approach entails the development of a set of evaluation tools in order to quantify the benefits and vulnerabilities of each ecosystem. In this context, the current research explores the conceptualization of different evaluation tools for representative forest ecosystem services in Mediterranean areas.Mediterranean forests provide a wide range of ecosystem services, nevertheless they have to confront various threats such as deforestation, fires, and urban/industrial development. The Mediterranean region has suffered intense changes in land use over the past several decades such as intensification of agricultural and urban development, while marginal croplands have been abandoned and reforested. Thus, the dynamics of land use change have become an important driving force for the potential impact on ecosystem services. Quantifying the magnitude of land use change is therefore essential to estimate its consequences on ecosystem services.Taking this into account, the general aims of this research are (a) to evaluate the state and trends of forest ecosystem services at regional scale in Andalusia (South Spain), (b) to contribute to the methodology for accounting three main forest ecosystem services: carbon storage, protection of soil erosion, and cork oak provisioning, and (c) to assess how theses ecosystem services are affected by drivers of change, such as land use change. In this sense, the main results are the methodologies for the standardization and harmonization of the types of forest ecosystems using the mappings of land use (LULCMA), obtaining an objective quantification of the balance of surface supplying forest ecosystem services, and monitoring over time.

This paper uses a combination of the contingent valuation method (CVM) and value transfer (VT) to estimate the value of non-market benefits associated with the achievement of good (marine) environmental status (GES) as specified in the EU Marine Strategy Framework Directive (MSFD) for Atlantic member states. The increased use of geographic information systems in VT means that many VT exercises now include spatial elements such as distance decay and population density. This paper explores impact of distance decay on welfare estimates as well as the impact from the modifiable area unit problem (MAUP) when population density is included as an explanatory variable. These issues can have a large effect on a VT estimate. In this study the overall value for achieving GES for Atlantic member states varied between €2.37billion and €3.64 billion. It was found that the different distance decay specifications changed values between −3% and 82% with a mean absolute difference of 25% and by adjusting the spatial scale in an effort to overcome the MAUP changed aggregate values between 13% and 25% with a mean of 17%.

Exotic tree species predominate in reforestation in tropical regions worldwide. However, some native species are suitable for plantations, providing a wider variety of products. Adequate government programs of incentives, coupled with good technical advice to farmers, are needed to stimulate reforestation, especially among small and medium-sized farmers with limited financial resources. This project evaluates growth of native and exotic tree species on plantations in small and medium-sized farms in the Atlantic humid lowlands of Costa Rica, Central America. A total of 210 pure plantations, ranging in age from 6 to 11 years, were evaluated on 123 farms that had used government incentives for reforestation, and had received technical advice from local non-government organizations. For each species, seven plantations were chosen at random for study. In each plantation, plots of 15 trees each were chosen systematically for evaluation of diameter at breast height (dbh), total height, number of trees per hectare, tree form and spacing. Terminalia amazonia (J.F. Gmel) Exell, Hieronyma alchorneoides Allemao, and Vochysia guatemalensis Donn. Sm. were the most frequent species found in plantations in the region of study. Gmelina arborea Roxb. (exotic) and V. guatemalensis (native) had the highest mean annual diameter increment with 2.90 and 2.59 cm, respectively. Calophyllum brasiliense Cambess. (native) had the lowest mean annual diameter increment (1.48 cm). G. arborea and V. guatemalensis had the highest mean annual volume increment, followed by Tectona grandis (L.f) Lam. (exotic), and T. amazonia and Cordia alliodora (R&P) Cham. (both native). Although G. arborea had the greatest mean annual diameter increment, it had the lowest plantation density and problems with form. V. guatemalensis and T. amazonia, two native species, were the most promising species for reforestation, due to good growth in volume, good form, and adaptability to a variety of sites. The poor form of exotic species was related to the low intensity management methods of small farmers. Exotic species had the highest performance variability between sites, while native species showed relatively high growth homogeneity. Therefore, native species seem more promising than exotics for general use across varying ecological conditions.

Forest fragmentation is an ongoing threat to forest communities in the eastern United States where a prevailing pattern of dispersed, low intensity urban development continues to expand the wildland urban interface (WUI). Many large scale forest monitoring initiatives rely on pixel-based remote sensing classifications to quantify fragmentation patterns because they fit seamlessly into the patch-mosaic model (PMM) and can be analyzed using conventional landscape metrics (e.g., FRAGSTATS). The PMM has been key to advancing our understanding of patch dynamics, but some argue it may be inconsistent with ecological theory as it ignores the inherent gradient nature of environments. Studies have advocated a shift toward gradient surface models (GSM), but tools for quantifying spatial patterns in continuous gradient surfaces are limited. We introduce an approach for extracting landscape pattern information from gradient surfaces using a thresholding approach to discretize gradient surfaces into multiple discrete maps according to forest cover density. These maps can then be analyzed using conventional landscape metric tools. Metric values are plotted against density thresholds as a scalogram and interpreted to understand the dynamics of landscape spatial structure. By performing a comparative analysis of two forested ecoregions in the eastern U.S. that have undergone development pressures, we demonstrate how information on landscape structure dynamics at various forest cover densities can be extracted from gradient surfaces to provide additional information on the density scales where fragmentation is pronounced in each region. Results indicate there are ecological thresholds at certain forest cover proportions that can potentially inform management decisions.

The effect of forest fragmentation on mixed-species foraging bird flocks has been poorly evaluated, particularly in African forests. We examined the consequences of forest fragmentation on such flocks in the East Usambara Mountains, Tanzania, by addressing ecological as well as behavioral components. We counted these flocks in five small (<31 ha), isolated fragments and six widely spaced continuous forest sites. Given that flock cohesion and stability might be facilitated via positive interactions of leader or nuclear species, we focused on one putative nuclear species, the square-tailed drongo (Dicrurus ludwigii), and using playback of its vocalisations, we evaluated (i) if its vocalisations attracted flocking birds as expected by a nuclear species, and (ii) if loss of this species in fragments contributed to flock declines. We found that flocks in forest fragments had smaller sizes, reduced species richness, a reduced proportion of understorey specialists, a higher proportion of forest generalists and non-forest species, and were more variable in size and composition compared to flocks observed in continuous forest. Furthermore, flocks in fragments were composed of a higher proportion of omnivores than insectivores. Despite lower absolute abundance in fragments, D. ludwigii was observed in 86% of natural occurring flocks in both fragments and continuous forest, and flocks with D. ludwigii were significantly larger than those without it––especially in the continuous forest. Playback vocalisations of D. ludwigii attracted flocks of similar abundance and species richness in fragments and continuous forest, but a vastly different composition, confirming (i) its nuclear role and (ii) that, in fragments, flock assemblages had a distinct composition, with a high proportion of forest generalists and non-forest species. Loss or diminished abundance of nuclear species due to fragmentation may be an important factor that affects the presence and composition of mixed-species flocks. Given that 67% of flocking species forage in the understorey, and that insectivores were more negatively affected in fragments than omnivores, the implications of our findings are relevant for conservation in tropical forests.

The present study deals with the development of systematic conservation planning as management instrument in small oceanic islands, ensuring open systems of governance, and able to integrate an informed and involved participation of the stakeholders. Marxan software was used to define management areas according a set of alternative land use scenarios considering different conservation and management paradigms. Modeled conservation zones were interpreted and compared with the existing protected areas allowing more fused information for future trade-outs and stakeholder's involvement. The results, allowing the identification of Target Management Units (TMU) based on the consideration of different development scenarios proved to be consistent with a feasible development of evaluation approaches able to support sound governance systems. Moreover, the detailed geographic identification of TMU seems to be able to support participated policies towards a more sustainable management of the entire island.

Black truffle is a highly appreciated edible fungus that grows wild in southwestern Europe, although its cultivation has recently spread to other continents. In Spain the widespread exploitation of wild truffles began only after 1950, whereas plantations play a relevant role in truffle production from the late 1990s. However, most plantations continue to apply empiric practices not taking into account local environmental conditions. The identification of environmental factors driving black truffle distribution and yield could help to optimise cultivation practices, but no agro-climatic zoning is currently available for this fungus in Spain. This study characterises the climate of Spanish forests naturally producing black truffle, defines an agro-climatic zoning for the fungus and examines the climatic patterns across its spatial distribution. The examined forests presented climatic ranges coherent with the available experts' surveys, except for an extended low end in annual precipitation. The clustering identified three agro-climatic zones, with dry environments tending to be dominant. The principal components analysis indicated that the examined forests tended to cluster along water availability and temperature gradients. Only in one of the zones mean precipitations during the vegetative period were similar to those characterising optimum years for black truffle fruiting, thus suggesting that plantations could benefit from practices increasing soil water content. Similarly, the results suggested that in two of the zones plantations could benefit from practices increasing soil temperature in winter and early spring. The study provides a basis for large-scale planning of truffle cultivation and identification of research priorities in Spain.

Fire has been shown to shape successional pathways and dynamics of forest vegetation. However, its role in European hemiboreal forests remains poorly understood. Here we provide the first annually resolved reconstruction of fire history from the Eastern Baltic Sea region, developed in the pine-dominated landscape of Slitere National Park (SNP), northwestern Latvia, over the last 250 years. Our results suggest that forest fires have been a common disturbance factor in the studied landscape. In total, we dated 62 single fire years, with the mean-point scale fire return interval of 46 years and the length of the fire cycle ranging from 45 to 80 years. We identified periods of high (1750–1950) and low (1960–2000) fire activity, with the corresponding lengths of fire cycles being 45–68 and 58–80 years, respectively. Although both long-term (century and decade-long) and annual dynamics of fire activity in SNP was closely linked to socio-political changes in Latvia, fire activity in SNP was also affected by climate, as indicated by the close positive association of years with increased area burned and positive SST anomalies in the Baltic and North Seas. Future management of SNP should make fire an important element of natural forest dynamics and consider using prescribed fires of various spatial extent and severity.

Renewable resources have substantial participation in the energy network of Brazil. With regard to forest biomass, efforts are being made to increase the participation of firewood from cultivated groves to replace wood from native forests. The aim of the present study was to characterize the chain of production of firewood from cultivated eucalyptus in the region of Santa Cruz do Sul in southern Brazil, focusing on an analysis of the challenges of small-scale firewood production for energy needs and energy self-sufficiency on rural family farms. The research strategy involved data collection through visits and interviews performed in two phases (October 2014 and June 2015) with a sample of 36 agents who represent different segments of the chain of production. A board of forestry experts was united in 2016 for the validation of the data. The results indicated that farmers produce eucalyptus wood to meet their energy demands with low production costs. The main challenges for energy self-sufficiency are related to the scarcity of capital and labor. This study offers important information that can assist in the establishment of public policies and actions to promote the sustainable use of eucalyptus groves to provide energy to small-scale farming operations.

The future of tropical biodiversity in human-dominated landscapes will be conservation and restoration of processes of seed dispersal by birds and mammals. Here the Diversity Storage Hypothesis posits that immense biological diversity resides within skewed species-abundance distributions of tropical trees, and further predicts that many species will adjust to increases of 1.5–3.0 °C anticipated from climate change by 2100. Common and widespread tropical trees (>100,000,000 individuals) may shift ranges but are unlikely to face extinction. Many rare species (e.g. <1000 individuals) have a more precarious future. The latter may be declining species bound for extinction, incipient species adjusting to environmental changes, or relics of past warmer and more seasonal climates that will be resurrected if processes of seed dispersal allow them to persist and spread. In fragmented agricultural landscapes, preserved or planted corridors, buffers and stepping-stone habitat patches around and between forest remnants are more vital than efforts to preserve or create contemporary forest compositions, dominance relations, and species-abundance distributions. An implication of Diversity Storage is that it is more important to facilitate migration into and out of changing landscapes to allow inherent diversity to adjust and coexist with agricultural economies than to resist change.

Mangrove resources are extensively harvested by urban-dwellers and rural community members across West Africa. It is un-known how current legislation and policy tools used to manage this ecosystem influence its sustainability in West Africa. However, current practices of mangrove wood harvesting are affecting the sustainability of this ecosystem. This paper explores literature to identify government institutions and legislations under which mangrove forests are managed, and critically analyzes the capacity of these institutions and regulations in promoting the sustainability of mangroves forests. The paper further uses mangrove wood harvesting and mangrove forests projects as case studies to assess the appropriateness of these legislations, enforcement and contribution to mangrove forests sustainability in West Africa.Results indicate there are too many institutions, with devolved roles and responsibilities charged with the management of mangrove forests. Countries of the region have ratified several international conventions and are using associated national natural resources legislations to support mangrove forests management. However, mangrove wood harvesting practices and patterns are almost un-regulated across these countries. Mangrove wood harvesting is strongly influenced by gender type, physical strength and market forces, rather than existing legislations under which mangroves are managed. Government institutions have partnered with national and international NGOS to implement projects that are contributing to alleviate anthropogenic pressures from mangrove forests. This marginal performance is the result of limited logistic capacity, lack of sustained financial resources, inappropriate legislations, policies, and lack of political interest, coupled with lack of data on the economic value of mangrove forests across countries of the region.Mangrove forests thus deserve appropriate regulations and policies that consider their socio-economic and ecological peculiarities. Such legislations should highlight economic incentives that promote ecosystem conservation; and management systems with good governance indicators that measure and promote ecosystem health and stakeholders' interests.

The Member States of the European Union have committed to the maintenance and protection of forest lands. More precisely, the Member States aim to ensure the sustainable development and management of the EU's forests. For 2013, Eurostat's statistics about primary and secondary wood products in the European forest land (65% thereof privately owned) estimate a roundwood production of 435 million m3 in total. Harmonised information, i.e., spatially and temporarily differentiated, on forestry and wood harvesting activities in the European forests are missing however. This lack of information impedes the scientific assessment of the impacts that forest management practices have on the soil-related forest ecosystems (e.g., accelerated water soil erosion, delivery of inert sediments and pollutants within the drainage network, pauperization of aquatic ecosystems). It also prevents national and European institutions from taking measures aimed at an effective mitigation of the rapidly advancing land degradation. This study provides a first pan-European analysis that delineates the spatial patterns of forest cover changes in 36 countries. The first dynamic assessment of the soil loss potential in the EU-28 forests is reported. The recently published High-resolution Global Forest Cover Loss map (2000–2012) was reprocessed and validated. Results show that the map is a powerful tool to spatiotemporally indicate the forest sectors that are exposed to cover change risks. The accuracy assessment performed by using a confusion matrix based on 2300 reference forest disturbances distributed across Europe shows values of 55.1% (producer accuracy) for the algorithm-derived forest cover change areas with a Kappa Index of Agreement (KIA) of 0.672. New insights into the distribution of the forest disturbance in Europe and the resulting soil loss potential were obtained. The presented maps provide spatially explicit indicators to assess the human-induced impacts of land cover changes and soil losses on the European soil-related forest ecosystems. These insights are relevant (i) to support policy making and land management decisions to ensure a sustainable forest management strategy and (ii) to provide a solid basis for further spatiotemporal investigations of the forestry practices’ impacts on the European forest ecosystems.

Assessing the sustainability of restoration measures for salmonid populations and their habitat is limited due to a lack of long-term evaluations. In this paper we report on a study to assess the effect of boulder clusters, V-dams and half-log covers on stream habitat and population abundance of Atlantic salmon and brook trout two decades after installation. Structures were installed in Joe Farrell’s Brook, Newfoundland Canada in 1993 and fish population and habitat parameters were initially measured annually from 1993 to 1995. All stream sites were re-sampled in 2014. Boulder clusters or V-dams remained intact, stable and functional. By contrast, only 60% of the half-logs were in place and those remaining were in relatively poor shape with limited functionality. Boulder clusters increased the percentage area of pool habitat (p = 0.05) and the availability of instream cover (p = 0.04). V-dams did not significantly alter any habitat component after 20 years. Half-log covers were effective in increasing instream cover (p = 0.02) and substrate coarseness (p = 0.01). Density and biomass of Atlantic salmon increased rapidly after structures were installed and remained significantly higher 20 years after the pre-treatment period (1993) than the sub-basin control. By contrast brook trout did not show significant increase in density or biomass in either V-dams or half-log covers but did showed significant increases in both boulder cluster (density p = 0.002; biomass p = 0.01) 20 years later. This study suggests that instream structures placed in small boreal streams can function for more than two decades when properly installed and can maintain higher levels of salmonid abundance when habitat is limiting.

This paper presents an historical perspective on the interaction between conservation science and policy. Drawing on a synthesis of studies of the history of conservation, and combining this with work in science policy and related fields, it considers the implications of a shift, beginning in the 1960s, in the politics of expertise. Before that time, scientific evidence and interpretations were usually discussed within restricted arenas of experts and policymakers. After the 1960s, they instead increasingly became matters of public debate. This shift had several consequences for conservation. It encouraged scientists and other advocates to present conservation as a strictly scientific matter, that was based on authoritative, quantitative and transparent – and therefore publically defensible – processes. Conservation science itself evolved to emphasize spatial concepts and practices that could provide the basis for rule-based, replicable procedures for determining conservation priorities. This account therefore illustrates the insights to be gained from reconsidering the history of conservation in terms of our understanding of the evolving status and social roles of expertise.

The objective of this study was to evaluate the changes in soil microbial biomass and activity after the regeneration of deforested and cultivated soil in Brazil. Soil sampling was carried out in June and December 2007 (wet and dry seasons, respectively), at four areas, including: a native forest (NF), a 10 years old regenerated forest (RF10), a 20 years old regenerated forest (RF20) and a conventional sugarcane plantation (CL). Microbial biomass C, substrate-induced respiration and cellulase, saccharase, hydrolysis of fluorescein diacetate and dehydrogenase activities were analyzed. The microbial variables varied significantly among different areas depending on the season. Usually, larger differences were observed in the RF10 than in others, in dry season, for soil microbial biomass C and enzyme activities. The multidimensional scaling analysis showed that the RF10 has distinct microbial and biochemical characteristics comparing with the other areas. In general form, microbial activity, as measured by enzyme activities, is higher in native forest and regenerated lands than in cropland.

Studies of niche partitioning among Columbid species have mainly addressed food habits and foraging activities, while partitioning in relation to nest-niche differentiation has been little studied. Here we investigate whether two sympatric columbid species—Woodpigeon (Columba palumbus) and Turtle dove (Streptopelia turtur)—occupy similar niches. A total of 74 nests were monitored: 37 nests for each species. The study, conducted in June 2016, attempted to determine the factors that may play a role in nest-niche differentiation among the two sympatric columbid species in a Moroccan Thuya (Tetraclinis articulata) forest. We used Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) to test the relevance of nest placement, proximity of food resources, forest edge and human presence variables in the nest distribution of the two species. The results show substantial niche segregation in the T. articulata nest-trees selected by Woodpigeons and Turtle doves, with selection depending primarily on the tree size and nest height. Observed nest-niche partitioning may diminish the potential for competition between these species and enhance opportunities for their coexistence. Management policies and practices aimed at ensuring the presence of mixed-sized class of Thuya trees must be prioritized. We recommend additional studies designed to: (1) reproduce the same experimental approach on other Mediterranean Thuya forests to improve our understanding of the effects of different levels of anthropogenic disturbance on the breeding behaviour of these two game species; (2) better understand the spatio-temporal dynamics of Woodpigeon and Turtle dove coexistence in the region; and (3) better identify the spatio-temporal extent of the effect of forest management on Woodpigeon and Turtle dove site occupancy.

Despite the potential of tropical montane forests to store and sequester substantial amounts of carbon, little is known about the above ground biomass (AGB) and the factors affecting it in these ecosystems, especially in Africa. We investigated the height-diameter allometry, AGB, and related differences in AGB to taxonomic and structural forest attributes in three distinct forest types (dry, mixed species and elfin) in three mountains of northern Kenya. We established 24 permanent plots (20 m × 100 m) and sampled all trees ≥10 cm diameter following standard Rainfor protocols.We identified that different height-diameter allometric models could be used for different forests types, with the exception of the Michaelis–Menten model. In our study area, model choice had little effects on AGB estimates.In general, mixed forests had greater AGB than other forest types: in Mt Nyiro AGB estimates were 611, 408 and 241 Mg ha−1 for mixed, elfin and dry forests respectively. Forests in Mt Nyiro, the highest mountain had greater AGB than in the other mountains. In our study area, differences in AGB were related to forest structure attributes, with little influence of taxonomic attributes. The mixed and elfin forests in Mt Nyiro, dominated by Podocarpus latifolius and Faurea saligna contained comparable AGB to lowland rainforests, highlighting the importance of tropical montane forests as large carbon stock, which could be released if converted to another land cover type.

With the increasing pressure to improve the contribution of forests to help dealing with global changes, it is critical to understand the different perceptions of those involved in the forest. How do forest owners, managers and members of local communities who often depend on the forest, value it and what are the problems affecting the forests in terms of being able to meet these new challenges?In Portugal, this task has taken on an even greater priority as more than 90% of the forest is private and forest management relies on the individual decisions of thousands of forest owners. To understand stakeholder views on forest and forest management, a transversal social perception survey was implemented in the form of a case study of central Portugal which included decision-makers, local technicians, forest owners and the general public.The results show that there is a consensus on the main issues affecting forests and forest management. A shift from classic forest owners to the emergence of indifferent forest owners was observed, although this shift has not been recognized by the forest owners in the survey, who maintain the individual management of their properties.

Governments and international organizations are promoting or drafting programs to undertake Forest and Landscape Restoration (FLR) of hundreds of millions of hectares of degraded tropical landscapes to support the provision of ecosystem goods and services. But the challenge to recover economic and ecological functionality could be far beyond their financial capacity. Here, we explore the potential of markets and their interaction with policies to leverage investment for FLR in the tropics. We first review the challenges and opportunities of exploiting market forces for FLR, which can be essential for kick-starting the implementation of programs globally. We identify four key opportunities for regulating markets to promote FLR: economic mechanisms; technological, educational or infrastructural investment; legal and enforcement mechanisms; and market-led standards and certification schemes. Finally, we present five pitfalls that may arise when relying on markets to promote FLR. Governments will need to play a critical role in establishing appropriate policy frameworks and institutional arrangements to leverage investments when market signals are not strong enough to initiate changes in traditional land use or farming practices, or to regulate reforestation activities when market signals become so strong that they overwhelm all other land-use activities, leading to a transformed and homogenized landscape.

Nitrous oxide (N2O) and nitric oxide (NO) are important atmospheric trace gases participating in the regulation of global climate and environment. Predictive models on the emissions of N2O and NO emissions from soil into the atmosphere are required. We modified the CENTURY model (Soil Sci. Soc. Am. J., 51 (1987) 1173) to simulate the emissions of N2O and NO from tropical primary forests in the Atlantic Zone of Costa Rica at a monthly time step. Combined fluxes of N2O and NO were simulated as a function of gross N mineralization and water-filled pore space (WFPS). The coefficients for partitioning N2O from NO were derived from field measurements (Global Biogeochem. Cycles, 8 (1994) 399). The modified CENTURY was calibrated against observations of carbon stocks in various pools of forest ecosystems of the region, and measured WFPS and emission rates of N2O and NO from soil to the atmosphere.WFPS is an important factor regulating nutrient cycling and emissions of N2O and NO from soils making the accuracy of the WFPS prediction central to the modeling process. To do this, we modified the hydrologic submodel and developed a new method for the prediction of WFPS at the monthly scale from daily rainfall information. The new method is based on: (1) the relationship between monthly rainfall and the number of rainfall events, and (2) the relative cumulative frequency distribution of ranked daily rainfall events. The method is generic and should be applicable to other areas.Simulated monthly average WFPS was 0.68±0.02 — identical with the field measurement average of 0.68±0.02 from the annual cycle observed by Keller and Reiners (Global Biogeochem. Cycles, 8 (1994) 399). Simulated fluxes of N2O and NO were 52.0±9.4 mg-N m−2 month−1 and 6.5±0.7 mg-N m−2 month−1, respectively, compared with measured averages of 48.2±11.0 mg-N m−2 month−1 and 7.1±1.1 mg-N m−2 month−1. The simulated N2O/NO ratio was 11.2±1.9 compared with the measured value of 10.9±4.7.WFPS is the dominant determinant of the fraction of gross N mineralization that is emitted from the soil as N2O and NO. If WFPS were not limiting during part of the year, this fraction would be 4.2%. With some periods of lower WFPS, the realized fraction is 2.2%. Because of the strong relationships between N2O and NO emission rates and rainfall and its derivative, WFPS, these moisture variables can be used to scale up nitrogen trace gas fluxes from sites to larger spatial scales.

The long-term Colônia record is located in the Atlantic rainforest domain in Brazil (23°52′S 46°42′20″W 900 m a.s.l.). The 780 cm long core CO3 provides a coverage of a complete interglacial/glacial cycle for the first time in a neotropical rainforest. Information on the behavior of tropical climates compared to global changes in temperatures indicates specific climate responses in terms of precipitation at these latitudes. Winter extratropical circulation was very active during the last interglacial and most of the glacial. Floristic composition of the rainforest changed several times in each phase of expansion, twice during the interglacial, and three times during glacial episodes. Araucaria was well developed in the area of São Paulo until the beginning of the first dry phase of the glacial at ca. 50,000 yr B.P. Changes in insolation controlled the expansion of the rainforest and the tropical hydrological cycle as evidenced by a strong precession signal. However precession had no impact on regional climatic features. The two interglacials (MIS 5e and Holocene) showed completely different patterns attesting to the continuous evolution of the forest. The biodiversity index (Shannon–Wiener Index) remained high during both the interglacial and glacial attesting to the permanence of small patches of rainforest refugia during drier phases. The lowest Shannon-Wiener Indexes were recorded between 23,000 and 12,000 yr B.P. and 40,000 and 30,000 yr B.P. and characterize two marked phases of stress for the rainforest.

Forest management data is available for many tropical countries, representing a large and spatially rich source of tree level data. Over the past decade, we have collected and digitized over 1000 Costa Rican natural forest management plans, spanning 30 years and spread out over approximately 26,700 km2 along the country’s Atlantic coast, northern lowlands, and southern Pacific coast. In order to analyze this unique collection of tree inventory data we developed a system to ensure the standardization, quality control, and reliable management of the dataset. We developed a relational geodatabase, forming logical associations between and within the spatial and tabular components of the forest management data. In this study, we outline the data standardization procedures established to permit the comparison of data across time and space. Further, we describe quality checks built-into the database’s functionality to identify and reduce the presence of errors. The final customized forest management geodatabase efficiently stores a large and diverse dataset through the integration of logical relations, quality checks, and flexible data access across 32 tables and over 250,000 tree records. Through the use of quality tests, the database provides a means to improve overall data integrity and illustrates the magnitude, sources, and types of errors present in the initial dataset. Finally, the value of a comprehensive database for the management of forest data is demonstrated through an exploratory analysis of standardized tree taxonomic information. With this analysis, we begin to explore the potential strengths, weaknesses, and applications of forest management data for future ecological studies (e.g. species diversity assessment). For instance, although most of the forest management data (tree inventories and censuses) is collected using common names in the field, our standardization process has allowed us to depict trends similar to those found in ecological studies (e.g. dominant species for different ecosystems). Overall, our forestry geodatabase represents the most complete record of natural forest management practices in Costa Rica to date.

The ozone (O3) hypersensitive species Nicotiana tabacum Bel W3 was used to assess the impact on O3 contamination profile by a natural gas-powered thermoelectric plant (TP) that provides power to an oil refinery at Cubatão (SE-Brazil). An increase in O3 levels would represent an even more harmful effect to the Atlantic Rainforest present in the region. The biomonitoring study was performed along TP pre-operation, transition and TP post-operation phases. Tobacco plants were biweekly exposed at urban, industrial and forest areas at different altitudes. O3-induced leaf injuries were evaluated at the end of each exposure. N. tabacum plants at forest sites at mountain slope were usually more affected by O3, especially at higher layers. As TP started operating, nitrogen dioxide (O3 precursor) mean concentrations increased considerably (6 ppb to 16 ppb). The contamination of the Atlantic Rainforest by high levels of N created a favourable scenario for an increase in O3 concentrations. In fact, F200, F300 and F350 sites (forest sites at 200, 300 and 350 m.a.s.l.) had plants showing a significant increase in O3-induced leaf injuries. Phytotoxic levels were similar to those found at F700 site (forest site at 700 m.a.s.l.), which were high for the whole study period. The new O3 contamination profile persisted for F200 and F300 sites during TP post-operation phase. Although slightly lower levels than those seen on transition phase, the intensity of O3-injuries remained higher compared to the original conditions. The use of Nicotiana tabacum Bel W3 allowed to see the negative impact on the air quality after TP started operating, contributing to an increase in O3 concentrations and phytotoxic levels at forest sites at mountain slope. Plant community were then exposed to an even higher harmful effect compared to the first phase. The stability and fitness of the Atlantic Rainforest influenced by the pollution coming from Cubatão are still under potential risk. However, how the vegetation will behave at this new scenario is unknown and requires time.

Mark variograms are widely adopted in forest ecosystem studies for analyzing spatial interaction among trees. Inference on mark variograms can be performed under a model-dependent perspective (ergodic variograms) or under a deterministic perspective (non-ergodic variograms). A simple and workable definition of non-ergodic mark variogram is introduced based on distances between pairs of trees distinguished by distance classes. Design-based estimators of mark variogram values are proposed as the ratio of two Horvitz–Thompson estimators using replicated plots randomly located on the study area and making use of the inclusion probabilities of the pairs of trees. Jackknife estimators of their variances are considered. A simulation study is performed on a real forest stand to check the statistical performance of the proposed strategy.

The vegetation, physical characteristics and conservation value of mires (peatlands) within Kielder Forest, northern England, are described. A review of the options available for their conservation management examines the effects of changes in the water table, the impact of grazing livestock and changes brought about by neighbouring conifer plantations.These raised and blanket mires vary in size from 0.6 to 69.6 ha, and are dominated by ombrotrophic vegetation. Their main conservation value lies in their ‘naturalness’, which arises from the extensive nature of locally used stock grazing systems and the intrinsic difficulty of draining mires that lie in depressions and experience an upland climate. Such sites are rare and contain uncommon plants and invertebrates, whilst collectively these mires exhibit considerable topographical and hydrological variety.A review of the hydrological effects of conifer plantations on mire catchments concludes that the catchments probably have little, if any, influence on the mires themselves. Management of water flow on the mires has the objective of reducing the rate of discharge of precipitation from them by damming agricultural and forestry drainage channels.A review of the role of livestock grazing concludes that there is no direct evidence to suggest that this is required to maintain the mire plant communities. Circumstantial evidence suggests that its impact is minimal on vegetation over deep peat, and probably most influential on vegetation over shallower peat at mire margins.

The small geographical range of highly endemic species is an important factor to be considered in conservation initiatives because it can increase their risk of extinction, as well decrease their probability of discovery. In this study, we use environmental niche modeling (ENM) to investigate the distribution of Brachycephalus, an anuran genus characterized by microendemic species living mostly in montane habitats along the Brazilian Atlantic Rainforest. Given that traditional ENM is not possible in the case of Brachycephalus because most of its species have limited geographical ranges, we analyzed an ensemble dataset that combined records of most described species, as well as new species that are currently being described, while accounting for heterogeneity in their climatic niches. Niche heterogeneity was quantified by ordination of the bioclimatic variables associated with their occurrence records, followed by unguided clustering of the resulting ordination scores. Out of an initial dataset of 544 records, careful curation reduced it to 75 records of 24 species and 71 localities. Interestingly, the three major clusters of climatic niches found in Brachycephalus corresponded largely to the three previously recognized phylogenetic lineages in the genus. The pernix cluster included the highly endemic species from southern Brazil that were most restricted to high-elevation areas, whereas the didactylus cluster encompassed species with broader geographical ranges that extended into lowland regions of the Atlantic Rainforest. Finally, the ephippium cluster included species from southeastern Brazil with intermediate levels of endemism. The detection of several isolated locations with potentially suitable habitats indicate that the diversity of Brachycephalus could still be considerably underestimated.

Recent state of forest biodiversity at the European level was reviewed and analysed with respect to the current requirements from the environmental policies as well as with respect to scientific findings in the field. The analysis reveals the main deficits and development needs, and outlines some possible courses for future action. Specific reference is given to the boreal, Atlantic and continental regions of Europe.Especially the operational definition of biodiversity, the selection of the scale and consideration of the most appropriate indicators and data collection methods are of primary importance when defining a monitoring approach. The results of a recent assessment at national scale contribute to an improved understanding, but show some shortcomings with respect to the level of detail. The high variability of the distribution, structure and composition of forests in Europe can be comprised only partially when the monitoring follows national borders. To detect changes in time for corrective measures and to be able to apply appropriate threshold values for biodiversity indicators a more detailed approach, which takes into account different bio-geographical regions and forest ecosystem types, is needed. Technically, this could be based on aggregation national forest inventories or European-wide sampling scheme combined with remote sensing data and distinct forest types or categories.

Birds are important in the maintenance and spread of ticks and tick-borne diseases. In this context we screened birds in the Atlantic forest north of the São Francisco River and Caatinga in northeast Brazil. In the Atlantic forest Amblyomma longirostre, Amblyomma nodosum, Amblyomma varium and Amblyomma auricularium were identified. A. longirostre was infected by “Candidatus Rickettsia amblyommii” and A. nodosum by a Rickettsia parkeri-like agent. In Caatinga, Amblyomma parvum and A. auricularium were identified. A. auricularium was infected by “Ca. R. amblyommii” and Rickettsia bellii. “Canditatus Rickettsia andenae” was also identified in A. parvum collected from birds in Caatinga. In addition, Rickettsia sp. genotype AL was identified in A. varium collected on the clothes of the field team in one area of Atlantic forest. Here we provide a series of new host records for several Neotropical Amblyomma species and document rickettsial infections of “Ca. R. amblyomii” and a R. parkeri-like agent in Paraíba State, and R. bellii and “Ca. R. andenae” in Bahia State. For the first time we provide information regarding the infection of A. varium by “Ca. R. amblyommii”.

his study explores the basis for conservation action on Amburana cearensis (Fr. Allem.) A.C. Smith (Leguminosae: Papilionoideae), a wide-ranging forest species occurring in Brazil, notably in the Caatinga and Cerrado regions, and other South American countries. It offers insight into the taxon through structured reviews of knowledge of its biology, ecology, silviculture and management. Widely scattered published reports are critically considered and efforts made to highlight and resolve contradictions and inconsistencies therein. Information about this species is scanty and scattered, particularly in respect to its biology and ecology. Because little effort has been applied to its domestication and improvement, knowledge of its silviculture and management is meagre. The taxon is typical of open and deciduous forest in the Caatinga and Cerrado. Gaps in current knowledge relevant for conservation are identified and steps to fill them proposed. Where in situ conservation proved to be more appropriate, recommendations are made for the location of additional protected areas. Ex situ and enrichment conservation action is highly recommended for specific parts of the range where resource losses are already so extensive that in situ measures alone are inadvisable. Provision for refining the limited management and conservation knowledge is made through highlighting priorities for study of the taxon. Finally, future action is discussed in the context of the infrastructure of the national conservation sector.

Planted forests are seen as a means to meet increasing demand for timber and environmental services and thus to achieve sustainable forest development. In this paper, we use the Faustmann–Hartman silvicultural investment model to demonstrate how policy instruments influence planted forest development and review such a development in China, the U.S., Brazil, and France. We find that planted forests emerge because of scarcity in timber and environmental services and develop in response to economic and policy and institutional instruments, including secure property rights, stumpage price policy, and efficient forestry governance and administration.

Despite the fact that tree plantations are not able to completely replace the ecological function of natural forests, the present study proposes to evaluate for which bird species or avian groups tree plantations act as habitat in fragmented landscape in southern Brazil. We compared the richness and abundance of bird species in a natural forest to adjacent plantations of Araucaria, a native tree species and of pine, an exotic plant in South America. Moreover, we evaluated the impact of tree plantations on richness of avian groups with different levels of dependence on forest habitat, feeding habits and foraging strata as well as on threatened species. The fixed 100 m radius point-counts method was used. A total of 114 bird species were recorded in all areas. Of those, 93 occurred in natural forest, 87 in Araucaria plantations and 81 in pine plantations. These results indicate that richness and abundance were lower in the pine plantations than in the natural forest and in the Araucaria plantations. Araucaria plantations can be used by a high number of bird species and their richness was not significantly lower than that observed in the adjacent natural forest. Our results suggest that Araucaria plantations could act as habitat for a large number of bird species, especially for forest-dependents species, insectivores, frugivores and species at different threat categories.

The temperate forests of Chile are classified a biological “hotspot” as a result of their high species diversity and high endemism. However, they are being rapidly destroyed, with significant negative impacts on biodiversity. Three land-cover maps were derived from satellite imagery acquired over 25 years (1975, 1990 and 2000), and were used to assess the patterns of deforestation and forest fragmentation in the coastal range of south-central Chile. Between 1975 and 2000, there was a reduction in natural forest area of 67% in the study area, which is equivalent to an annual forest loss rate of 4.5% per year using a compound-interest-rate formula. Forest fragmentation was associated with a decrease in forest patch size, which was associated with a rapid increase in the density of small patches (<100 ha), and a decrease in area of interior forest and in connectivity among patches. Since the 1970s, native forest loss was largely caused by an expansion of commercial plantations, which was associated with substantial changes in the spatial configuration of the native forests. By 2000, most native forest fragments were surrounded by highly connected exotic-species plantations. The assessment of forest loss and fragmentation provides a basis for future research on the impacts of forest fragmentation on the different component of biodiversity. Conservation strategies and land use planning of the study area should consider the spatial configuration pattern of native forest fragments and how this pattern changes over time and space at landscape level.

The health of United States forests is of concern for biodiversity conservation, ecosystem services, forest commercial values, and other reasons. Climate change, rising concentrations of CO2 and some pollutants could plausibly have affected forest health and growth rates over the past 150 years and may affect forests in the future. Multiple factors must be considered when assessing present and future forest health. Factors undergoing change include temperature, precipitation (including flood and drought), CO2 concentration, N deposition, and air pollutants. Secondary effects include alteration of pest and pathogen dynamics by climate change. We provide a review of these factors as they relate to forest health and climate change. We find that plants can shift their optimum temperature for photosynthesis, especially in the presence of elevated CO2, which also increases plant productivity. No clear national trend to date has been reported for flood or drought or their effects on forests except for a current drought in the US Southwest. Additionally, elevated CO2 increases water use efficiency and protects plants from drought. Pollutants can reduce plant growth but concentrations of major pollutants such as ozone have declined modestly. Ozone damage in particular is lessened by rising CO2. No clear trend has been reported for pathogen or insect damage but experiments suggest that in many cases rising CO2 enhances plant resistance to both agents. There is strong evidence from the United States and globally that forest growth has been increasing over recent decades to the past 100+ years. Future prospects for forests are not clear because different models produce divergent forecasts. However, forest growth models that incorporate more realistic physiological responses to rising CO2 are more likely to show future enhanced growth. Overall, our review suggests that United States forest health has improved over recent decades and is not likely to be impaired in at least the next few decades.

The world's forested landscapes are increasingly fragmented. The effects of fragmentation on community composition have received more attention than the effects on ecological processes, particularly in the tropics. The extent to which populations from forest fragments move (spillover) into surrounding agricultural areas is of particular interest. This process can retain connectivity between populations and alter the rate of beneficial or detrimental ecological functions. We tested whether riparian forest fragments (riparian reserves), are sources of two functionally important invertebrate groups (dung beetles and scavenging ants) within oil palm plantations in Malaysia. We also assessed whether forest fragments enhance rates of associated ecosystem functions (dung and bait removal). We found that oil palm sites with and without adjacent riparian reserves had similar overall beetle and ant communities and functional rates. However, dung beetle species richness, abundance and diversity declined with distance from a riparian reserve, providing evidence for a weak spillover effect. In addition, dung beetle community metrics within a riparian reserve predicted corresponding values in adjacent oil palm areas. These relationships did not hold for dung removal, ant community metrics or bait removal. Taken together, our results indicate that although riparian reserves are an important habitat in their own right, under the conditions in which we sampled they have a limited role as sources of functionally important invertebrates. Crucially, our results suggest that contiguous habitat corridors are important for maintaining connectivity of invertebrate populations, as forest dependent species may not easily be able to disperse through the agricultural matrix.

The monitoring of tree range dynamics has emerged as an important component of adaptive responses of forest management to global change scenarios such as extreme precipitation events and/or invasive species. Comparisons between the locations of adults versus seedlings of individual tree species using contemporary forest inventories is one tool widely used to assess the status of tree ranges in light of these changing conditions. With the consistent remeasurement of standard forest inventory plots across the entire eastern US occurring since the 2000s, the opportunity exists to evaluate the stability of tree ranges of focal species across a decade. Using said inventory, the northern range margins of tree distributions were examined by comparing differences (Holm-Sidak adjusted p-value = 0.2) in the 95th percentile locations of seedlings to adults (i.e., trees) by 0.5 degree longitudinal bands over nearly 10 years and by categories of canopy disturbance (i.e., canopy gap formation) for 20 study species. Our results suggest that range margins are stable for 85% of study species at both time one and at remeasurement regardless of canopy disturbance. For the very few species that had a significant difference in seedlings and adults at their range margins, there was nearly a 0.4 degree difference in latitude with seedlings being farther south irrespective of disturbance. Our findings of tree range stability across forests of the eastern US indicate a general propensity towards range contraction, especially for study species forecasted to lose range and located on disturbed sites, which may present substantial hurdles for adaptive management strategies focused on maintaining and enhancing forest ecosystem resilience in the context of global change and associated rapid climate change.

Shade-grown, montane coffee agroforestry systems have the potential to conserve native tree species of conservation concern (CC) and typical of old growth or late succession (LS) forests in montane cloud forests. However, it remains unclear how preferential selection by farmers for or against certain tree species and diameter sizes affects CC and LS trees distribution and abundance. To address this issue, we investigated how management practices may inadvertently compromise the potential of agroforestry systems to serve as reservoirs for CC and LS trees. We sampled tree diversity in 31 coffee farms and 10 forest sites in La Sepultura Biosphere Reserve in Chiapas, Mexico and assessed the relative importance of shade tree density, basal area, proportion of Inga spp. trees, previous land use, and age of fallow (for farms established on land with an agricultural history) on the proportions of CC and LS trees. We then examined if tree size distributions differed between farms and forests, and whether land use legacies mediated the impact of the explanatory variables of interest. These analyses found that management practices that sought to increase the proportion of Inga spp. trees had the largest negative impact on the proportions of trees of LS and CC, but the magnitude of the effects were dependent on land-use legacy. We also found that tree size distributions differed between farms and forests among smaller trees (5–20 cm diameter at breast height, (DBH)), but not among larger trees (>30 cm DBH). These findings suggest that in order to increase the conservation potential of coffee agroforestry systems, particularly for farms established on land with an agricultural history, it is important to promote farmers’ tolerance of tree species other than Inga spp. and preferred tree species.

The titi monkeys belong to a genus of New World primates endemic to South America, which were recently reclassified in three genera (Cheracebus, Plecturocebus and Callicebus). The genus Callicebus, which currently includes five species, is endemic to eastern Brazil, occurring in the Caatinga, Savanna, and Atlantic Forest biomes. In the present study, we investigated the validity of these species and inferred their phylogenetic relationships, divergence times, and biogeographic patterns based on the molecular analysis of a concatenated sequence of 11 mitochondrial and nuclear DNA markers, derived from 13 specimens. We ran Maximum Likelihood (ML) and Bayesian Inference (BI) analyses, and estimated genetic distances, divergence times. Ancestral areas were estimated on BioGeoBears. Our results suggest that at about twelve million years ago, the ancestor of all titi monkeys inhabited a wide area that extended from the Amazon forest to the South of the Atlantic forest. A first vicariant event originated Cheracebus in the West of the Amazon and the ancestor of Callicebus and Plectorocebus which, later were separated by a second one. The diversification of Callicebus occurred during the Plio-Pleistocene (beginning at 5 Ma) probably influenced by climatic fluctuations and geological events. Therefore, the results of the present work confirmed the existence of five species that currently inhabit forested areas under increasing threat from human activities. Thus, a reliable diagnosis of the taxonomic status of species living in endangered environments is extremely important for the development of conservation measures.

The necessity to create national to global-scale biodiversity monitoring systems as part of assessing progress toward biodiversity agendas presents a challenge for signatory countries. This is a brief review of ongoing Brazilian national initiatives that would allow the construction of a general biomonitoring network scheme in protected areas; with additional focus on linking independent monitoring schemes. We discuss some key aspects needed to include monitoring schemes under a single framework that will lead to better evaluation of pressure–state–response indicators for managing biodiversity at several scales; and we point out the potential of embracing citizen science and participatory monitoring to quantify some aspects within those schemes.

In the Laarder Wasmeren area in the western Netherlands, Late Pleistocene cover sands and overlying early Holocene drift sands show various paleosols, which can be characterized as more or less incipient podzols. We dated those soils and sands by radiocarbon analysis and OSL, and we used biostratigraphical dating based on the known chronology of the vegetation history. Apart from Usselo soils of Allerød age, we found early Holocene soils - showing Usselo soil characteristics but with relatively advanced podzolisation - covered by Early Holocene-early Middle Holocene drift sands. We discuss their age and origin, and reflect on the role of fires and ecosystem degradation in the early development of heathland, podzols and drift sands in the Netherlands, prior to any Neolithic farming. We hypothesize about the possible role of Mesolithic man, stimulating habitats for Corylus avellana by burning pine forest, in the longer term inducing the observed ecosystem degradation (transformation of forest into open short vegetation, acidification and concurrent podzolisation, wind erosion). This hypothesis is in line with studies in adjacent NW-European countries, which are reviewed, and an alternative for the theory of Vera (2000), who assumed that open forests and short vegetation resulted from grazing pressure by large herbivores.

We report the results of the non-volant mammal survey at the Maracaju Mountains located in the central region of Mato Grosso do Sul State, southwestern Brazil. The sampling encompasses different vegetation types of the Cerrado domain that occur in the region. The mammal survey was conducted by the use of pitfalls (1804 bucket-nights), live traps (7508 trap-nights), direct observation and indirect evidence (624 hours of observations). Fifty-eight non-volant mammal species of 9 orders and 20 families were recorded, representing 12% of the Brazilian terrestrial mammal species. The non-volant mammal community of Maracaju Mountains is typical of the Cerrado, but some species found occur in other domains, especially from Pantanal, Atlantic and Amazonian Forests. Among the recorded species, 11 are threatened in Brazil or on a global scale. Therefore, the Maracaju Mountains have a high richness of mammals with endangered and rare species that are still present in the extensive natural areas which persist in the region. These areas are very important for conservation of mammals and should be considered relevant areas for the establishment of Conservation Units in Cerrado and in the Mato Grosso do Sul State.

This paper proposes an ‘exploratory mapping’ approach that can be employed in the early stages of a marine protected area planning process. While stakeholders' involvement in conservation has increased, it often only starts after the decision has been made about where the protected areas will be located. The lack of proper engagement with resource users raises questions about transparency and legitimacy of marine conservation initiatives, hampering their successful implementation. The proposed mapping approach offers a simple way to incorporate in the planning process what small-scale fishers consider to be important to conserve, what they value in their fishing livelihoods, and their perception about the likely impact that multiple uses of the area may cause. Conducted in a small group setting, the exploratory mapping approach is casual and conversational, using paper maps and markers to capture information and stories as they are told. The approach was tested with 14 small-scale fishers living near the Marine National Park of Currais Islands, Southern Brazil. The mapping results, based on the GIS analysis, show a high level of agreement among the study participants with respect to the ecological importance of the area under protection. The participants emphasized that, in addition to its ecological significance, the area is also important in economic and socio-cultural terms, aspects that should be considered in the planning. The study highlights how the exploratory mapping approach can provide decision makers with useful information about small-scale fishers' values and knowledge, which can help identify potential conflicts and enhance support for marine protected areas.

Invasion by non-native tree species is a major driver of reduction and fragmentation of forest ecosystems, also altering biodiversity components. However, the effects of this process on the phylogenetic structure and diversity of Mediterranean woodlands are still unknown. Accordingly, we used cork oak (Quercus suber) stands invaded by self-sowing populations of maritime pine locally introduced ca. 70 years ago as a model system to assess the impact on the taxonomic and phylogenetic diversity of the native seed plant community. We performed vegetation sampling of the two forest types in sites of central Italy with similar conditions. Taxonomic diversity was negatively affected by the pine at three levels (gamma, alpha, beta). Indicator species were significantly less numerous than in cork oak stands, and did not include two growth-forms such as herbs and vines. Phylogenetic diversity metrics were inferred from an evolutionary tree of seed plants based on a ITS-5.8S nuclear DNA dataset including original sequences from local plant material. Phylogenetic diversity (PD) was positively related to species and genus richness, showing a marked decrease in the pine stands. Seven major clades (orders) of angiosperm dicots were only represented in the cork oak community. Both the NRI and NTI indices showed a significant reduction of phylogenetic evenness in the pine forest. Here, the proportional increase of related taxa with acid-tolerance specialization suggests that soil acidification is a major driver for a “habitat filtering” effect causing the exclusion of several understorey species and genera of cork oak forests. Progressive thinning of the pine stands is advocated to avoid further acidification and promote the re-conversion to oak woodlands by natural regeneration. This will ultimately favor the recovery of the associated plant diversity and the restoration of a vanishing forest ecosystem of the ancient Mediterranean landscape.

In 2010 Parties to the United Nations (UN) Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) agreed to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss within a decade by achieving 20 objectives that are commonly known as the Aichi Targets. This article explores aspects of Canada's work on one of the few quantified targets (Target 11), which is intended to improve the status of biodiversity through protected areas (PAs) and a new type of designation, “other effective area-based conservation measures” (OECMs). In a faltering attempt to reach its Aichi Target 11 commitments by 2020, some Canadian jurisdictions have elected to focus more on coverage (quantity) and less on ecological integrity (quality), which has significant ramifications for long-term success of biodiversity conservation. For example, a jurisdiction responsible for marine conservation has re-designated regulated fishery closures as ‘marine refuges’ under the auspices of an OECM designation, which brings into question the real intent of Canada's commitment to the CBD and its own Biodiversity Strategy. Ambiguous language used to define and prescribe application of OECMs is being used as the basis for a revisionist paradigm that promises to undermine national and international conservation standards, fracture partnerships, and jeopardize the integrity of Canada's PA network. Canada must reject half measures that will result in ineffective or unintended perverse conservation outcomes, and focus on a post-2020 agenda that prioritizes conservation outcomes, management effectiveness, and the implementation of accountability measures within and between jurisdictions and by the Secretariat of the CBD.

Forests of the Apennines are characterised by high canopy cover and high tree species diversity (being at the interface between two major climatic zones of Europe), and provide important ecosystem functions to millions of people. They exemplify cutting-edge themes such as forest ecology in warmer climates, consequences of heavy land use, and resilience at the trailing edge of the distribution of many European forest species (Silver fir, Norway spruce, Beech, Black pine, Birch).We introduce the setting under the geological and climatological point of view and review the literature on the interactions between these long-term drivers and the specific, structural, and genetic diversity of these forest communities (e.g., effects of glacial refugia or tectonic/volcanic activity), followed by a brief outline of what little is known about natural disturbance regimes and their range of variability. Anthropogenic disturbances (fire, grazing) and land use changes (abandonment of cropland and pasture) have been by far the main drivers of forest dynamics at least for the last two millennia, determining for examples overageing of coppices, treeline advances, forest encroachment on former agricultural land.We suggest considerations about the interplay between these land use changes and disturbance drivers (e.g. fuel continuity), summarize comparisons between managed and unmanaged forests (e.g., increase in tree size, deadwood, biodiversity indicators), and elaborate on current proposals for climate-adapted management, highlighting specific and genetic diversity as an important source of resilience and adaptive potential.

Global afforestation and reforestation incentive programs call for the increase in tree cover, including plantations, which supply global pulp and wood demand, energy, food, and carbon markets. Tree plantations that replace native forests, cultivated agriculture, or previously cleared land are essentially commodity crops, with global market drivers, and do not provide the same ecosystem services as native forests. Nonetheless, they are counted as ⿿forest⿿ by global programs. We test whether 1) the forest transitions framework (FTF), which typically explains reforestation, adequately describes the socio-economic drivers of plantation establishment and 2) descriptions of the effects of land cover change on ecological processes are obscured when tree plantation and native forest classes are aggregated. We used longitudinal multi-temporal satellite imagery (1985⿿2001) to map and analyze plantation systems across a 35,853 km2 area in southern Chile at the plantation frontier. As predicted by the FTF, plantations were established in foothills of predominantly agricultural watersheds rather than in watersheds dominated by native forests or in flat, agriculturally productive areas. Half of the plantations were planted on agricultural or cleared lands that were deforested years ago. Counter to predictions of the FTF, the other half of the plantations replaced native forests. Tree plantations were not associated with rural population loss; instead their establishment was related to the amount of potential usable land. We find that when native forests and tree plantation classes are disaggregated, land in coastal catchments that were converted to tree plantation is related to lower quality nearshore resources; analyses that aggregate plantations with native forests obscure this effect.

Invasive species currently pose a major environmental challenge. Understanding their development and the factors associated with their expansion is the first step towards developing effective control measures. This work proposes the use of detailed spatio-temporal information from forest monitoring systems to assess the demographic rates, spatio-temporal patterns and spread determinants of invasive plants in forest ecosystems. For this purpose, we selected two of the most widespread non-native plants in Europe: Acacia dealbata and Acacia melanoxylon. Focusing on the forested area of northwest Spain and based on the comparison of two cycles of the Spanish National Forest Inventory, this study analyzes the dynamics of Acacia species between 1998 and 2008 in regards to changes in their spatial distribution, dominance, abundance, diametrical (dbh) structure and regeneration. In addition, the forested area was classified into forest types to identify the forests which are more susceptible to invasion. Finally, through general linear models, this study analyzes the relative importance of abiotic and biotic factors determining the spread of Acacia species over the studied period. The results confirm a rapid expansion in the presence of Acacia species in the forests of NW Spain, with annual spread rates around 0.1%. These two species are increasing their dominance across most forest types in the study area, where they are becoming the dominant species in the regeneration of some of them. Environmental factors and connectivity between Acacia populations are identified as the main factors associated with their spread into new areas. Additionally, the combination of disturbances and biotic factors associated with stand structure (total basal area, richness and tree cover) appear to determine the vulnerability or resistance of some forest to their spread. The early stage of invasion detected highlights the potential of Acacia species to continue spreading. This aspect, in conjunction with the high degree of disturbances (mainly fires) in this region, could be critical in determining the configuration of future forest landscapes in NW Spain. This study demonstrates the value of considering broad-scale periodic forest surveys to monitor biological invasions in forests ecosystems. The spatially-explicit data obtained from these surveys can contribute not only to furthering our knowledge with regard to invasion biology but also to developing more efficient conservation and management strategies.

Reconstructive studies that use paleoecological, dendroecological, historical and other approaches in order to interpret long-term ecosystem dynamics are increasingly generating valuable insights for ecologists, conservationists and foresters who are interested in the ecology, protection and management of old-growth forests. In most cases, the historical context provided by these studies reveals a long-term pattern of change that challenges assumptions about the pristine condition of these systems. Ironically, it is the history of environmental fluctuations, natural disturbance processes, and subtle, often indirect, human impacts that is revealed by reconstructive work that may shape the characteristic structure, composition and ecosystem processes of old-growth forests, and that will certainly provide the greatest challenge to their future conservation and management.

The modern penitentiary was rarely a fully closed, insular, or placeless institution. Approaching penology as environmental history can therefore restore connections that have been severed between prison studies, political ecology, and geography. This article uses the Ushuaia penal colony/penitentiary, located in southernmost Argentina, to explore relationships between penology, inmate labor, and forestry. In the early 1900s, inmates erected the prison that would house them, and labored to provide roads, government buildings, and electricity for Ushuaia. Their main activity was felling timber, which brought together the prison and forestry departments, thus linking discipline with deforestation, and blurring the lines between the interior and exterior of the penitentiary. After decades of extensive forest fires, the lack of a self-sustaining economy, and charges of inmate abuse, the prison was closed in 1947. A subsequent campaign to salvage the region by supplanting ominous images of a natural prison with those of a beautiful landscape resulted in the establishment of a national park in 1960. And, in 1997, fifty years after its closure, the defunct prison was converted to a museum. The national park and prison museum now attract thousands of tourists annually, offering two competing — rather than co-constitutive — versions of national history. This juxtaposition of green and dark tourism is not unique to Ushuaia, and thus highlights tensions inherent to when and where sites of punishment, conservation, and memory overlap.

Boreal regions contain more than half of the carbon in forested regions of the world and over 60% of the world’s surface freshwater. Carbon storage and the flood control and water filtration provided by freshwaters and wetlands have recently been identified as the most important ecosystem services provided by boreal regions, with a value many times greater than current resource exploitation. Ecosystem services and sensitive ways of detecting their impairment have so far not been fully included in boreal conservation planning. Climate warming, via its effect on permafrost melting, insect damage, and forest fire, threatens to trigger large positive carbon feedbacks that may enhance the concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, further amplifying climate warming. In a water-scarce world, there is increasing pressure to divert and exploit boreal freshwaters, and devising conservation plans to protect boreal freshwaters and their catchments is urgent. We propose a catchment-based approach that includes water and chemical mass-balances as a sensitive means of detecting early degradation of many ecosystem services in both catchments and freshwaters, and give some examples of where this has been advantageous in the past. The necessary modifications to current conservation planning are simple ones, and the advantages are great.

Climate change is inducing shifts in species ranges across the globe. These can affect the genetic pools of species, including loss of genetic variability and evolutionary potential. In particular, geographically enclosed ecosystems, like the Mediterranean Sea, have a higher risk of suffering species loss and genetic erosion due to barriers to further range shifts and to dispersal. In this study, we address these questions for three habitat-forming seaweed species, Cystoseira tamariscifolia, C. amentacea and C. compressa, throughout their entire ranges in the Atlantic and Mediterranean regions. We aim to 1) describe their population genetic structure and diversity, 2) model the present and predict the future distribution and 3) assess the consequences of predicted future range shifts for their population genetic structure, according to two contrasting future climate change scenarios. A net loss of suitable areas was predicted in both climatic scenarios across the range of distribution of the three species. This loss was particularly severe for C. amentacea in the Mediterranean Sea (less 90% in the most extreme climatic scenario), suggesting that the species could become potentially at extinction risk. For all species, genetic data showed very differentiated populations, indicating low inter-population connectivity, and high and distinct genetic diversity in areas that were predicted to become lost, causing erosion of unique evolutionary lineages. Our results indicated that the Mediterranean Sea is the most threatened region, where future suitable Cystoseira habitats will become more limited. This is likely to have wider ecosystem impacts as there is a lack of species with the same ecological niche and functional role in the Mediterranean. The projected accelerated loss of already fragmented and disturbed populations and the long-term genetic effects highlight the urge for local scale management strategies that sustain the capacity of these habitat-forming species to persist despite climatic impacts while waiting for global emission reductions.

The Mantiqueira Range region is one of the most important Brazilian headwater regions, from which a great number of springs flow to form one of the most important watercourses for São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Minas Gerais States. These natural features make the Mantiqueira Range an important hydrological region for research and development of technologies for management and environmental preservation. Areas in which the predominant land-use is native forest have proved to be strategic for groundwater recharge purposes, and thus, to mitigate drought effects that are being observed recently in Southeastern Brazil. In this context, to identify and map these areas lead to better and more successful decision making regarding soil–water conservation and management. In headwater watersheds, the knowledge about spatial distribution of soil–water transmissivity can be very important to sustainable use and conservation of environmental resources. The aim of this study was to evaluate the application of pattern recognition on landscape classification tools combined with digital soil mapping techniques for mapping soil–water transmissivity in a watershed located at one of the most important Brazilian headwaters, in Southeastern Brazil. The model used solum depth and saturated hydraulic conductivity as soil deterministic elements and topographic indexes. The results showed that the method proposed combining terrain attributes and Geomorphons, which is a mapping tool that allows for the identification of landforms within a landscape through digital elevation model analysis, was very efficient and, therefore, used to predict the soil–water transmissivity for the watershed. Areas with high to moderate soil–water transmissivity values were associated with the steepest slopes, shallow and moderately deep Inceptisols and native forest fragments. Since the relief and solum depth features of Inceptisols did not show optimal conditions for soil water percolation, the results demonstrated that land-use and management factors are crucial for groundwater recharge in the region of the Mantiqueira Range. The results also showed that areas with native forests play a fundamental role in water distribution processes in the soil profile in mountainous catchments in Southeastern Brazil. These results strengthen the importance of soil conservation practices and adequate land-use to sustain this kind of environment in Brazil.

This paper seeks to highlight the importance of metaphors for marine conservation and policy. It argues that the manner in which the oceans are perceived, often as an alien landscape, can limit the way language is utilised in marine conservation efforts. This limitation can produce unhelpful environmental metaphors that, instead of acting as catalysts for action, produce negative and reactionary responses. It illustrates this point through the example of what has become known as the ‘Great Pacific Garbage Patch.’ It postulates that if there is a disconnect between the many complex environmental issues facing the world's oceans and the way they are perceived, then more focus should be placed on developing pre-determined culturally embedded metaphors, which can conjure relatable imagery, but that are also rooted in scientific evidence. It recommends that, in an extension to existing public perception research (PPR) on how different communities value the ocean environment, there is room for shared metaphors of the oceanic environment to be developed that can help raise awareness within a particular cultural setting.

Wetlands store a disproportionately large fraction of organic carbon relative to their areal coverage, and thus play an important role in global climate mitigation. As destabilization of these stores through land use or environmental change represents a significant climate feedback, it is important to understand the functional regulation of respiratory processes that catabolize them. In this study, we established an eddy covariance flux tower project in a coastal plain forested wetland in North Carolina, USA, and measured total ecosystem respiration (Re) over three years (2009–2011). We evaluated the magnitude and variability of three respiration components – belowground (Rs), coarse woody debris (RCWD), and aboveground plant (Ragp) respiration at the ecosystem scale, by accounting microtopographic variation for upscaling and constraining the mass balance with Re. Strong hydrologic control was detected for Rs and RCWD, whereas Ragp and Re were relatively insensitive to water table fluctuations. In a relatively dry year (2010), this forested wetland respired a total of about 2000 g CO2-C m-2 y-1 annually, 51% as Rs, 37% as Ragp, and 12% as RCWD. During non-flooded periods Rs contributed up to 57% of Re and during flooded periods Ragp contributed up to 69%. The contribution of Rs to Re increased by 2.4% for every cm of decrease in water level at intermediate water table level, and was nearly constant when flooded or when the water level more than 15 cm below ground. The contrasting sensitivity of different respiration components highlights the need for explicit consideration of this dynamic in ecosystem and Earth System Models.

The forestry sector presents itself as an undervalued sector but full of challenges. In most developed countries, it is a highly-internationalized sector, concerned with its sustainability, diversity and increasing complexity, requiring accredited people to respond to the growing competition.In Portugal, the forestry sector is a strongly exporting sector, giving sustenance to many people, especially in rural and poor areas. It is a sector rich in potentialities that have not yet been properly exploited, mainly due to the abandonment of rural areas and the lack of investment in maintenance and conservation.A business model based on the sustainability of resources and efficiency in all activities and processes was studied, with low costs and based on sub-contracting, and it is expected that it is possible to invest in the forestry sector in a profitable and sustainable way.

We compared the impacts of stocking age-0 Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) at high and low densities, and no stocking on abundance and growth of age-0 rainbow trout (Oncorhyncus mykiss) in Barnum House Creek, Ontario during 1993 to 2005. A similar stream, Shelter Valley Creek, was chosen as an appropriate reference stream where age-0 Atlantic salmon were not stocked. The catches of age-0 rainbow trout in Barnum House and the reference stream were highly correlated (r = 0.96) during years when no stocking occurred; however, this relationship did not persist in years when Atlantic salmon were stocked. The catch of age-0 rainbow trout in Barnum House Creek was significantly lower under both high (P = 0.00026) and low (P = 0.011) density Atlantic salmon stocking treatments compared with the no stocking treatment. The catches of age-0 rainbow trout and age-0 Atlantic salmon were negatively correlated in Barnum House Creek (r = −0.63). The length of age-0 rainbow trout in Barnum House Creek was depressed significantly (P = 0.004), under the high intensity Atlantic salmon stocking treatment, but not under the low intensity treatment (P = 0.20). In contrast, the length of age-0 rainbow trout in Shelter Valley Creek was unchanged over the same period. Restoration stocking of Atlantic salmon in Lake Ontario tributaries may impact rainbow trout abundance and growth.

Deforestation in the Amazon is caused by the complex interplay of different drivers. Price of commodities such as beef and soya, and incoming migration are paramount factors. Construction of new highways is a key aspect, as they enable a growing flow of people and economic activities, provoking an intensification of the conversion of forests into pasture and agricultural areas. The pavement of road BR-163 accelerates the expansion of the agricultural frontier from the state of Mato Grosso to Pará, inside the Amazon. Today, the Brazilian government applies two main kinds of policies to protect the environment. First by establishing conservation units (CUs) that include an array of reserve types from natural areas to indigenous lands, and second by enforcing the Forest Code (FC), a law that limits the occupation and use of forests. Legal reserve requirements for rural properties are 80% in the Amazon rainforest, 35% in the Cerrado shrublands and 20% in other regions. However, the effectiveness of these policies relies on a fragile institutional capacity, which causes a flawed monitoring, law enforcement and control. To assess the impact of effective conservation policies on land use and deforestation by 2020, we used the LUSMAPA model in combination with two scenarios, one that included different commodity price developments and migration rates and one on the assumption of the institutional strength to uphold the conservation policies. A revision of the FC from an average 80% policy target to 60% effective implementation and disregard borders of CUs by allowing 5% deforestation in CUs, that both corresponds to a ‘weak’ governmental enforcement, leads to additional deforestation of 41–57%, depending on the commodity price scenario. The results of the simulations are discussed in the light of recent policy changes in Brazil.

According to official statistics, forest and other wooded lands cover 54.4% of the Spanish national territory. However, approximately 39.2% of Spanish forest lands are under different types of protection and only 18.4 million ha (36% of the country) are true forests or plantations. Four main forest ecoregions can be distinguished in Spain: Mediterranean, Atlantic, Alpine and Subtropical (Macaronesic). The particular characteristics of these eco-regions determine the particular types of forest resource utilisation. Three objectives are dominant: (a) biodiversity conservation (main objective in the Macaronesic area), (b) timber production (important in the Atlantic region) and (c) multifunctionality as well as non-timber products (important in the Mediterranean and Alpine ecoregions). In the second half of the 20th century, the combination of new Permanent Plot Networks (PPN), silvicultural trials (covering a wide range of species and site conditions), and the National Forest Inventory (NFI), made possible to develop new forest models, especially during recent years due to advances of statistical software combined with improved field observations. New forest models for different tree species, management purposes and regions have been developed at different scales, including whole stand and individual-tree approaches, and taking into account forest diversity and end-user aims. The combination of PPN and NFI allows further improvement of the models, including additional output functions to estimate tree and stand variables related to specific objectives (e.g. crown fire risk). The advantages and disadvantages of Forest Observational Studies (FOS) and National Forest Inventory data for developing forest models are discussed. Finally, an example of synergy between FOS and NFI observations for developing dynamic growth models for intensively managed forest in the Atlantic ecoregion is presented.

Information on chemical fertility status and on trace element concentrations for Singapore soils is sparse. In this study, concentration and distribution of nutrients and trace elements in forest soils of Singapore, and the effect of geology on the current conditions of soils, were evaluated. Litter and mineral soil samples (0–10 cm, 10–20 cm, 20–50 cm) were divided into three groups according to geology (sedimentary rocks, Neogene-Quaternary sediments and igneous rocks). Basic soil properties, exchangeable cations including cation exchange capacity (CEC), and pseudototal concentrations of 17 elements including nutrients and potentially toxic elements (PTE; As, Cd, Cu, Cr, Ni, Pb, Zn) were determined. Results showed that the soils of Singapore were acidic (pH 3.7–6.2) and characterised by a low CEC (maximum mean value: 100 mmolc kg−1) and low P concentrations (mean values of 0.28 g kg−1 or less) irrespective of geology. Pseudototal concentrations of PTE were also low, except for As. However, significantly (p < 0.05) higher concentrations of soil organic carbon, total P, base forming elements, exchangeable base cations and PTE (except As and Cd) were found in soils developed on sedimentary rocks and Neogene-Quaternary sediments compared to those developed on igneous rocks. Although total N and S concentrations did not differ significantly between the three geological groups, the differences in nutrient status were more pronounced than in trace element levels across geology. The properties of forest soils, which are mainly unaffected by anthropogenic activities, vary depending on the parent material, i.e. igneous or sedimentary rocks and Neogene-Quaternary sediments.

The majority of negative consequences caused by extreme and natural hazards are qualified as weather and climate-related emergency situations. Programs and measures developed to reduce climate risks for economics should be based on scientific background, R&D projects and ongoing monitoring. Fire has always been remained as the main natural factor devastating forest ecosystems and outlining the status and resource potential of boreal forests. Extremely drought – afflicted hot summer and dry cold winter trigger the risks and consequences of forest fires thus affecting wildlife biodiversity and forest ecosystems performance in terms of СО2 accumulation from the atmosphere. Multifunctional and sustainable forest management in extreme natural conditions should be initiated on reliable (scientifically-proven) evaluation of ecological and resource potential of the forests with economically-effective approach developed to enhance sustainability of ecosystems to fires and insect invasion.

A futures market has recently been established for Atlantic salmon, and in this paper we examine the risk premium in salmon futures prices. Recent studies suggest that industry-specific production factors as well as the basis can influence the relationship between spot and futures prices. Using Atlantic salmon futures and spot price data from 2006–2015, we analyze the impact of the futures-spot basis, seasonality, industry-specific variables, and demand uncertainty on the risk premium and spot price change. The results suggest that the basis and seasonality significantly explain the variation in the risk premium. Moreover, in contrast to studies on other animal production commodities, the basis seems more important for determining the risk premium, than for the spot price change.

The establishment of plants depends crucially on where seeds are deposited in the environment. Some authors suggest that in forest understory seed predation is lower than in gaps, and higher than at the forest edge. However, most studies have been carried out in large forest patches and very little is known about the effects of microhabitat conditions on seed predation in forest fragments. We evaluated the effects of three microhabitats (gaps, forest edge, and understory) on seed predation of two palm species (Euterpe edulis and Syagrus romanzoffiana) in two semi-deciduous forest fragments (230 and 2100 ha) in southeast Brazil. Our objective was to test two hypotheses: (1) Low rodent abundance in small fragments as a result of meso-predator action levels leads to lower seed predation in small fragments. (2) Most mammal species in small fragments are generalists with respect to diet and habitat, so that seed predation is similar in different microhabitats (gaps, forest edge and understory) in the small fragment, but not in the larger one. The study community of small fragments is usually composed of generalist species (in diet and habitat aspects), so we expected the same rate of seed predation among microhabitats (gaps, forest edge and understory) in the tested smaller fragment. The experiment was carried out in the dry season (for E. edulis) and in the wet season (for S. romanzoffiana) in 1999. We conclude that post-dispersal seed predation in forest fragments can be directly connected with mammal communities, reflecting their historical and ecological aspects.

The bryodiversity of nine Spanish Fagus sylvatica forests of four different phytosociological associations was re-studied nearly 30 years after initial sampling. Species richness and composition, Jaccard and Sørensen similarity indexes, and Ellenberg indicator values (E.i.v.) for temperature, nitrogen, light and pH were compared between the two periods of time. Changes were also studied for groups -mosses and liverworts- and habitats -epigeic, epiphytic and epilithic species. Species richness values have not significantly changed in most of the forests, but composition has done, resulting in low similarity values over time. Liverworts and epiphytes were the least sensitive groups to changes. E.i.v. changes showed general trends towards warmer and more nitrophilous, shady and acidic conditions, changes being more consistent in woods located near the limit of survival of beech. The increase in temperature revealed by the E.i.v. has been corroborated with meteorological data. Changes in light conditions under the canopy could be attributed mainly to changes in forestry management. All the forests studied showed a great turnover of species, even though they have different legal protection levels. To our knowledge, all this means that: (a) changes observed in bryodiversity are the consequence of the combination of natural and anthropogenic factors occurring at different scales, (b) the protection of areas or habitats does not prevent them from changing and (c) E.i.v. are a useful tool to detect even subtle changes in protected areas. Protection is not enough; we must have better understanding of ecosystem dynamics in order to establish appropriate conservation policies.

Water and benthic diatom samples were collected in different climatic and geological areas of Spain. Seventy-two sites were sampled in Atlantic Galicia (NW mainland) and 47 sites in the Mediterranean Balearic Islands (NE) in spring season during 2004 and 2006 to identify the most important environmental factors influencing water composition. Furthermore, spring samples were explored to assess differences among diatom assemblages. Streams were selected to cover a wide range of environmental variability. Overall, the Atlantic streams had higher discharge and the Mediterranean streams had higher conductivity. In second instance, in both areas water chemistry was most importantly influenced by diffuse agriculture and local point source organic inputs, leading to high contents of nitrate, ammonium and phosphate. Two-way indicator species analysis (TWINSPAN) produced five diatom groups with different species composition in each study area. The unpolluted streams in the Balearic Islands were characterized by the presence of Cymbella microchepala and Cymbella vulgata, while in Galicia Eunotia subarcuatoides, E. intermedia and Surirella roba characterized minimally disturbed streams. Achnanthidium minutissimum sensu lato appeared in high abundance in both studied areas. Taxa inhabiting organic polluted Mediterranean streams were Cocconeis euglypta, Navicula veneta, Nitzschia inconspicua and Planothidium frequentissimum, while organic loading led to a dominance of Cocconeis euglypta and Eolimna minima in Atlantic streams. The first two CCA axes explained 82 and 69% of total variance in diatom distribution in Galicia and the Balearic Islands, respectively. In spite of the presence of different diatom communities across Mediterranean–Atlantic streams in undisturbed conditions predictable changes in diatom assemblages do occur in response to organic and nutrient loading gradients.

The greatest threat to Neotropical primates is the loss of tropical forest for agriculture, ranching, commercial logging and hydroelectric projects. Hunting of primates for consumption or sale and live capture for the pet trade and for biomedical purposes is also a threat to certain species. Twenty-eight of the 76 Neotropical primate species are considered endangered and the highest density of endangered taxa occurs in Brazil's Atlantic forest, followed by Amazonia and Middle America. The most endangered Neotropical primate genera are Brachyteles and Leontopithecus, followed by some species of Ateles, Lagothrix, Saguinus and the Central American squirrel monkey (Saimiri oerstedii citrinellus). Solutions to the problems of primate conservation are discussed, including habitat conservation, protection against poaching and international primate trade, education, research and captive propagation, and examples of successful conservation efferts are provided.

After more than two decades of investment by donors and governments in community forest management (CFM) initiatives for timber production from natural tropical forests, also known as community-based forest enterprises (CFEs), the sustainability of this livelihood alternative aimed at improved prosperity remains uncertain. Although many studies have focused on the environmental and social dimensions of CFEs, very little is known about their financial viability and socio-economic impacts, even though these elements are critical to ensuring the broad potential benefits of CFM. Furthermore, the lack of a consistent methodology for financial analyses severely limits the ability to learn from CFE case studies across initiatives and time. In an effort to measure the financial viability and identify critical factors that contribute to the poverty-alleviation potential of CFE timber production, we applied a simplified tool for financial analysis in collaboration with a CFE in the Brazilian Amazon three times over six years. The CFE operates in a national forest and is organized as a cooperative with more than 200 members from local communities experiencing high rates of poverty. We analyzed changes in labor productivity and the growth in incomes generated for seasonal and full-time workers, the value of goods and services purchased from the local economy, profits generated, and the overall financial viability of the timber operation. During the study period, the cooperative: (1) demonstrated substantial gains in efficiency and financial viability due to increasing returns to labor inputs, consistent with a model of learning-by-doing; (2) quadrupled the value of labor payments to local communities; and (3) generated substantial other economic benefits. We discuss strategies used by the CFE to improve its financial viability over time, maximize income opportunities for local residents, and respond to financial, social, and political challenges. Our findings indicate the importance of initial support from governments and other partners for start-up capital, subsidized access to trainings and technical assistance, and navigating complex bureaucratic systems, and the positive effect that improved productivity over time, scale economies, and access to markets can have in influencing the poverty-alleviation potential of CFE timber production initiatives in the tropics.

The combined impacts of multiple locally-controlled forestry (LCF) businesses will play a key role in shaping the fate of forest landscapes. This article analyses how such enterprises contribute to a broad notion of prosperity as ‘that which people value and have reason to value in line with the common good’. It focuses on innovations that are found in those businesses and highlights how these differ from other models of business, which often pursue, for a limited number of people, a limited subset of that which people value. We present an analysis of 50 case studies from 24 countries which illustrate how LCF businesses advance many values that make up prosperity in part because their collective ownership involves people who live with the consequences of their decisions in those forest landscapes. The cases are analyzed using a framework of six value categories oriented to a conception of the common good, with six indicators for business contributions to those values. Our study finds organizational innovations in each area that can be scaled-up to advance broader prosperity in relation to forests: democratic oversight bodies governing environmental and cultural stewardship, negotiated benefit distribution and financial vigilance mechanisms, networks for better access to markets and decision-making, processes for conflict resolution and justice, processes of entrepreneurial training and empowerment for both men and women, and branding that reinforces local visions of prosperity. We conclude by examining the need and prospect for upscaling such innovations by strengthening economically sustainable, tiered producer organizations. We argue that such upscaling is indeed possible and imperative for delivering the Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris Agreement on climate change.

We present the first long-term radio telemetry study of area use by white-lipped and collared peccaries in a tropical forest fragment. Population densities of both species in a 2178-ha fragment of semideciduous Atlantic forest in southeastern Brazil were similar to estimates from another regional fragment with 16 times the area. The population of 150 (±52) white-lipped peccaries was divided among 3–4 subherds. We observed a high frequency of switching of individuals among subherds and documented periodic subherd fusion. Seven to 22 collared peccary herds (mean herd size, 9) persisted in the main forest fragment. Average home range size for the white-lipped peccaries was 1871 ha (90% HM). This was similar to the few reliable estimates available from continuous tropical forests. Despite supposed area restrictions, white-lipped peccaries maintained distinct seasonal ranges with a minimum of overlap. Within seasons, subherds overlapped spatially, but were separated temporally. Average home range sizes of two radio-tracked collared peccary herds were 305 and 123 ha. Home range boundaries and seasonal ranges of collared peccary herds shifted minimally, and herd subgrouping was short-lived. Spatial overlap between the two peccary species varied seasonally with white-lipped herd movements. We discuss future research needs and management actions for conservation of these species in fragmented landscapes.

The Brazilian Atlantic Forest in the State of São Paulo is one of the world most threatened ecosystems, as only 1.8% of its original coverage is left. With a biodiversity that includes endemic species, such as the black lion tamarin (Leontopithecus chrysopygus) a seriously endangered primate, the conservation of forest remnants has become a priority. The non-profit organization Instituto de Pesquisas Ecológicas (Institute for Ecological Research (IPÊ)) has studied the forest in Pontal do Paranapanema and undertaken conservation initiatives such as environmental education, community involvement, habitat restoration and the promotion of policies that protect natural areas while simultaneously empowering people to improve their conditions of living. Movimento dos Trabalhadores Rurais Sem Terra (MST) a movement of the landless, has pressed local landowners and the government to distribute land for landless families, creating conflicts and diminishing the priority of nature conservation. Through transparent and participatory approaches IPÊ has succeeded in bringing the conservationists and the landless to work together in the planting of trees. Trees protect water, improve the soil and shield the settlers from environmental damages, while they form corridors for wildlife, buffer zones to protect forest fragments and “stepping stones” to propitiate seed dispersal. This innovative approach to conservation is already seen as an example to be followed in other contexts.

Atmospheric deposition can be a significant source of reactive nitrogen (Nr) in terrestrial ecosystems and might play a relevant role for both N cycle processes and NC cycle interactions. However, detailed studies and annual budgets of Nr deposition are scarce in many regions of the globe, particularly dry depositions in tropical areas. In this study we estimated the magnitude and dynamics of Nr dry and bulk deposition to an African humid forest located 30 km from the Atlantic coast, in the National Park of Ankasa (Ghana). Atmospheric concentrations of gaseous (NH3, NO2, HNO3) and aerosol (NH4+, NO3−) nitrogen compounds were measured above the forest canopy, at 45 m, using active denuder and filter sampling systems (DELTA). The experimental facility also provided high frequency micrometeorological data, sampled at the same height as DELTA, which were used to estimate deposition fluxes of gas and aerosols by applying an ensemble of four inferential models (six for NH3). Additionally, bulk deposition rates and ionic composition were also determined. Estimated Nr input as dry deposition at the site was −4.9 ± 1.7 kg Nr ha−1 yr−1, 50% of which in form of aerosol N (NH4+ + NO3−). Bulk deposition accounted for 23.1 ± 3.6 kg Nr ha−1 yr−1. Two main N deposition peaks were identified during the year, the first occurring in the dry season and being more evident for gaseous N compounds, the second occurring during the wet season, when both aerosol N and bulk N deposition rates reached their maximum value. Savannah burning and ocean emissions were hypothesized to be two important sources for Nr deposition at Ankasa, the former having a more significant role in the dry season, the latter dominating in the wet season. The important role of the oceanic source was supported by the continuous significant input of aerosol N at the site, which was consistent with the constant presence of a sea breeze, causing never less than 50% of the dominant wind direction over the whole year.

Large wood (LW) plays an essential role in aquatic ecosystem health and function. Traditionally, LW has been removed from streams to minimize localized flooding and increase conveyance efficiency. More recently, LW is often added to streams as a component of stream and river restoration activities. While much research has focused on the role of LW in habitat provisioning, geomorphic stability, and hydraulics at low to medium flows, we know little about the role of LW during storm events. To address this question, we investigated the role of LW on floodplain connectivity along a headwater stream in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States. Specifically, we conducted two artificial floods, one with and one without LW, and then utilized field measurements in conjunction with hydrodynamic modeling to quantify floodplain connectivity during the experimental floods and to characterize potential management variables for optimized restoration activities. Experimental observations show that the addition of LW increased maximum floodplain inundation extent by 34%, increased floodplain inundation depth by 33%, and decreased maximum thalweg velocity by 10%. Model results demonstrated that different placement of LW along the reach has the potential to increase floodplain flow by up to 40%, with highest flooding potential at cross sections with high longitudinal velocity and shallow depth. Additionally, model simulations show that the effects of LW on floodplain discharge decrease as storm recurrence interval increases, with no measurable impact at a recurrence interval of more than 25 years.

Net primary production (NPP) is a key variable for monitoring and understanding the impacts of environmental change on ecosystems and for generating realistic global and regional carbon budgets. In this paper we present a regional algorithm (RATE) for automatically monitoring the rate of carbon fixation (as measured by NPP) of tropical forests in South America. The algorithm is based on a modification of the SITE ecosystem model and uses data obtained from the procedures for aggregation and correction of data from the MOD12Q1 and MOD15A2 products and meteorological data from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP). A correction procedure for the MOD15A2 Leaf area index (LAI) and Fraction of Absorbed Photosynthetically Active Radiation (FAPAR) used by the RATE algorithm produced satisfactory LAI and FAPAR estimates when compared against observed values. The algorithm was successfully validated in eight field sites from two types of tropical forests in South America (Amazon rainforest and the Atlantic forest), producing an average error of only 4.72%. When applied to Amazonia, RATE indicates that NPP showed little variation in the 2005 and 2010 drought years (NPP = 1.28 kg-C m− 2 year− 1) in comparison to non-drought years (NPP = 1.31 kg-C m− 2 year− 1). RATE also provides some limited evidence for small decreasing trends in Amazonia carbon assimilation during the period 2001–2010.

Individuals within a species occur in different habitat types often with differences in reproductive output. The Canada warbler (Wilsonia canadensis) is an example of such a species as it occurs in several different types of forest habitats, including clear-cuts regenerating after timber harvest and stands of varying ages with dense subcanopy layers. We examined whether Canada warbler breeding ecology differed between a red maple (Acer rubrum) swamp with a thick, naturally-occurring understory and a 20-year-old partial cut with low retention. We mapped male territories on each plot in 2005 and 2006 to determine differences in habitat, territory size, site fidelity, and reproductive success. The results showed little difference in most vegetative characteristics. Overall stem density, number of song perches, and canopy height were similar for both plots. However, we observed differences in species composition, size class of shrubs and trees, and moss ground cover between the two forest types. We also found that individual males used 40–50% less area in the red maple swamp compared to the second-growth plot. These differences did not appear to influence site fidelity or the proportion of males fledging at least one young, measures that were relatively high on both plots. The results of this study are significant for Canada warbler conservation because they demonstrate that suitable habitats for the species can be created through specific harvest strategies. Such timber management strategies may help to reverse the significant decline the species has experienced over the past 40 years in the northeastern United States.

Declines of young forest and associated populations of wildlife are major conservation concerns in the Northeast, USA. Active forest management is required to conserve declining populations of young forest wildlife and investigating habitat selection by target species can help inform management decision-making. The American woodcock (Scolopax minor) is a key indicator species of young forest whose populations have declined significantly since 1968. We investigated multiscale habitat selection by woodcock in Rhode Island, USA in order to characterize daytime habitat, and to predict state-wide relative probability of use by woodcock of forested land. We used radio-telemetry to monitor the daytime locations of woodcock at three state wildlife management areas from 23 May–25 August 2011 and 2012. Compared to random sites, woodcock selected younger forest where the biomass of preferred food (i.e., earthworms [Haplotaxida]) was 46–67% greater and the density of shrub and sapling stems was about two times greater. Most woodcock home ranges were <50 ha and usually comprised wetland forests and deciduous or mixed upland forests on flatter slopes that were closer to streams, agricultural openings, upland young forests, and moist soils. Using resource selection functions, we found that the majority of forested land in Rhode Island was in the low-moderate classes of relative use, but 92% of older second-growth upland forest in the state is located where woodcock habitat management would be beneficial for increasing relative use. We illustrate how land managers can use resource selection functions to compare expected responses of woodcock to alternative forest management scenarios and so maximize conservation benefits.

The worldwide expansion of road networks is a major concern in biological conservation because of its predominantly negative effects on terrestrial fauna. Roads also affect bats, acting as barriers to movements and causing direct mortality by collisions with vehicles. Among wildlife crossing structures existing to maintain landscape connectivity, road underpasses are considered as one of the most effective conservation measure for bats. While a few studies assessed the effects of underpass attributes on bat use, none to date has assessed the impact of landscape context on underpass use and attractiveness. To address this knowledge gap, we monitored bat activity during three consecutive nights around 24 underpasses selected along a gradient of forest cover. We compared bat activity below and above underpasses (i.e., underpass use), at road sections with and without underpasses and at habitats adjacent to roads (i.e., underpass attractiveness). We found a significant positive effect of forest cover on both underpass use and attractiveness for Myotis spp. and Barbastella barbastellus, and significant negative effects of distance to the nearest forest patch for Rhinolophus spp. and hedgerow length for Myotis spp. Our study highlights the key influence of landscape context on road underpass efficiency to maintain landscape connectivity for bats. We advocate for incorporating a landscape-scale approach in the decision-making process of underpass location during road project planning to enhance efficiency of such costly crossing structures.

A study was made of the geographic distribution of swamp forest in the coastal territory of the Araucanía Region, Chile. An analysis of maps, aerial photographs, and satellite images was carried out, together with field work, to determine the location, degree of fragmentation, shape of fragments and habitat use of the forest. The results showed a total area of 7675 ha of forest (in a region of 165,168 ha) divided into 427 fragments of highly irregular shapes, set in a farming matrix. This forest type was located principally on alluvial (37%) and fluvial-marine (33%) plains associated with the Toltén and Queule river basins. Land unsuitable for agriculture accounted for 50% of the area of forest (CIREN Classes VII and VIII), while land with a superficial phreatic water table (0–20 cm depth) and poorly drained soils concentrated 47% and 66% of the forest respectively. The majority of the forested area stands on soils with poor drainage (available habitat), as a response to the greater biophysical restrictions which such areas represent for agriculture. Of the forested area, 59% was located on 859 properties belonging to small-holders with up to 200 ha, while 39% was located on 58 medium to large properties (over 200 ha and over 1000 ha respectively). Forty percent of the forest is within 300 m of a road and only 8% is more than 1000 m away. It is concluded that the forest is under severe pressure from human activity (by clearing for agricultural land, grazing and firewood extraction) and that there is an urgent need for a plan giving priority to conservation.

anses of tropical forests worldwide are being impacted by selective logging. We evaluate the environmental impacts of such logging and conclude that natural timber-production forests typically retain most of their biodiversity and associated ecosystem functions, as well as their carbon, climatic, and soil-hydrological ecosystem services. Unfortunately, the value of production forests is often overlooked, leaving them vulnerable to further degradation including post-logging clearing, fires, and hunting. Because logged tropical forests are extensive, functionally diverse, and provide many ecosystem services, efforts to expand their role in conservation strategies are urgently needed. Key priorities include improving harvest practices to reduce negative impacts on ecosystem functions and services, and preventing the rapid conversion and loss of logged forests.

The Isthmus of Panama, part of the planet's third largest megadiversity hotspot, and connecting the faunas of North and South America, has lost more than half of its forest due to agriculture and economic development. It is unknown to what degree the remaining forest, which is fragmented and subject to poaching, still supports the wildlife diversity found in intact forests. Here, we use camera-trap surveys to assess whether forests in Central Panama, the narrowest and most disturbed portion of the Isthmus, still have intact communities of medium- and large-bodied terrestrial mammals. During 2005–2014, we collected camera-trap survey data from 15 national parks and forest fragments on both sides of the Panama Canal, and compared these to similar data from two sites in the intact Darién National Park in Eastern Panama, the nearest available reference. We found that most sites in Central Panama – including some of the national parks – had lower mammal species richness and evenness than the reference sites, and less structurally-complex mammal communities. Forests in Central Panama had little or no apex predators and large terrestrial frugivores, with the exception of two sites directly connected to the reference site. Our results indicate that the terrestrial mammal community in forests of Central Panama is currently degraded, even inside national parks. These data provide a baseline for evaluating the success of conservation efforts to prevent the Panamanian Isthmus to become a bottleneck for movement of animals.

The effective sustainable management of introduced woody species requires understanding of the mechanisms which affect successful colonization in different forest habitats. We studied the spontaneous spread of the alien species – Northern red oak (Quercus rubra) in the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) forest located in Poland. We analysed the impacts of seed source distance, presence of and distance from linear structures (public and forest roads) in the landscape, as well as microhabitat diversity, on the distribution of juvenile red oaks. We also studied the effects of types of acorn deposition sites (under shrubs, within clumps of Vaccinium myrtillus, in the open), and ways of seed burial (in moss wefts, in rodent corridors) by animal seed hoarders on seed germination and seedling growth. Field data were collected in six transect lines divided into 3300 plots (1 m2 each). We found that Q. rubra efficiently colonizes Scots pine monoculture. Results of spatially explicit hierarchical generalized linear models showed that distance from acorn sources and occurrence of sparse shrub layers are the most important predictors of Q. rubra ecological success, defined as establishment of juvenile specimens. The presence of roads – potential migration corridors for avian and mammalian acorn consumers/dispersers – favoured non-random red oak spread. The “nurse effect” of native understory components on red oak seed germination and seedling growth was indicated by higher numbers of juvenile specimens as well as by higher proportions of germinated seeds noted under shrubs than in open areas (without shrubs) or within clumps of V. myrtillus. All red oaks developed from seeds buried in compact moss wefts or in spacious caches and corridors created by rodents in the moss layer, which indicated a positive “burial effect”. We conclude that microhabitats make the Scots pine forests very suitable for Q. rubra invasion. Because of the wide distribution of numerous red oak stands in European temperate forests and the presence of numerous oak seed dispersers, the continuous colonization of widespread Scots pine monocultures by Q. rubra must be expected.

The suite of birds associated with naturally occurring shrublands and early successional forests in the northeastern US accounts for about 15% of the total species diversity of the breeding avifauna of the region. Most of the species in this habitat suite are common to abundant in occurrence with moderate to high relative abundance in the region. The shrubland suite of birds contributes a relatively large number of individuals but a relatively small proportion (15%) of the total bird species to the avian diversity of the region. The primary risks to long-term persistence of this suite of birds in the northeastern US include long-term population declines associated with long-term declines in amounts of early successional forest and naturally occurring shrubland habitats in the region (currently <15% of the land area). Many shrubland birds also have relatively high proportions of their total breeding populations occurring in the region, indicating the importance of the northeastern US to maintaining source populations of these species. Partners in Flight (PIF), a cooperative bird conservation organization seeking to maintain populations of North American landbirds has developed bird conservation plans for 12 geographic planning units, called physiographic areas, in the northeastern US. In 10 of these 12 physiographic areas, the shrubland suite of birds is considered either a high or moderate priority for conservation action. Most shrubland birds can be considered species of conservation responsibility rather than species of immediate concern. Species of conservation responsibility require long-term conservation planning and population monitoring to ensure that adequate habitat will be maintained and long-term threats eliminated. Fifteen shrubland bird species (45% of the habitat suite) were identified as species of conservation responsibility in the region. In comparison, 40% of the grassland suite and 34% of the forest suite of birds were identified through the PIF plans as species of conservation responsibility in the region. Therefore, the PIF plans indicate that the suite of shrubland birds should receive a high degree of conservation attention within the northeastern US. Using the concept of historic range of variation, managing 10–15% of the landscape for early successional habitat might provide adequate habitat for maintaining minimal populations of shrubland birds in the region, but a greater percentage will be needed if population increases are desired for birds associated with early successional habitats.

An inability to predict population response to future habitat projections is a shortcoming in bird conservation planning. We sought to predict avian response to projections of future forest conditions that were developed from nationwide forest surveys within the Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) program. To accomplish this, we evaluated the historical relationship between silvicolous bird populations and FIA-derived forest conditions within 25 ecoregions that comprise the southeastern United States. We aggregated forest area by forest ownership, forest type, and tree size-class categories in county-based ecoregions for 5 time periods spanning 1963–2008. We assessed the relationship of forest data with contemporaneous indices of abundance for 24 silvicolous bird species that were obtained from Breeding Bird Surveys. Relationships between bird abundance and forest inventory data for 18 species were deemed sufficient as predictive models. We used these empirically derived relationships between regional forest conditions and bird populations to predict relative changes in abundance of these species within ecoregions that are anticipated to coincide with projected changes in forest variables through 2040. Predicted abundances of these 18 species are expected to remain relatively stable in over a quarter (27%) of the ecoregions. However, change in forest area and redistribution of forest types will likely result in changed abundance of some species within many ecosystems. For example, abundances of 11 species, including pine warbler (Dendroica pinus), brown-headed nuthatch (Sitta pusilla), and chuck-wills-widow (Caprimulgus carolinensis), are projected to increase within more ecoregions than ecoregions where they will decrease. For 6 other species, such as blue-winged warbler (Vermivora pinus), Carolina wren (Thryothorus ludovicianus), and indigo bunting (Passerina cyanea), we projected abundances will decrease within more ecoregions than ecoregions where they will increase.

Technological advances have created new opportunities for defining and mapping ecological and biogeographical regions on the basis of quantitative criteria while generating a need for studies that evaluate the sensitivity of ecoregionalizations to clustering methods and approaches. In this study, we used a novel regionalization algorithm, regionalization with dynamically constrained agglomerative clustering and partitioning (REDCAP), to identify hierarchical regions based on measures of forest extent, connectivity, and change for 2109 watersheds in the continental U.S. Unlike regionalizations developed using non-spatial clustering techniques, REDCAP directly incorporates a spatial contiguity constraint into a traditional hierarchical clustering method, resulting in contiguous regions that optimize a homogeneity measure. Results of our analyses identified nine- and eighteen-class Forest Pattern Regions that reflected the influence of natural and anthropogenic factors structuring forest extent and fragmentation. Because these regions are defined by the forest pattern metrics themselves, rather than pre-defined political or ecological units, they provide a valuable means for visualizing forest pattern information and quantifying forest patterns across a large, diverse geographic area. In contrast, regionalizations of the same data using two non-spatial methods (k-means clustering and non-spatial average linkage clustering) resulted in more homogeneous classes composed of many discontiguous units. While it should not be viewed as a replacement for non-spatial clustering techniques, REDCAP provides an alternative approach to developing ecological regionalizations by placing greater emphasis on maintaining the spatial contiguity of units, a property that may be desirable in many broad-scale regionalizations because it reduces data complexity and facilitates the visualization and interpretation of ecological or biogeographic data.

In light of Earth's changing climate and growing human population, there is an urgent need to improve monitoring of natural and anthropogenic disturbances which effect forests' ability to sequester carbon and provide other ecosystem services. In this study, a two-step modeling approach was used to map the type and timing of forest disturbances occurring between 1984 and 2010 in ten Landsat scenes located in diverse forest systems of the conterminous U.S. In step one, Random Forest (RF) models were developed to predict the presence of five forest disturbance agents (conversion, fire, harvest, stress and wind) and stable (i.e. undisturbed) forest. Models were developed using a suite of predictors including spectral change metrics derived from a nonparametric shape-restricted spline fitting algorithm, as well as several topographic and biophysical variables which potentially influence the initiation and/or spread of forest disturbance agents. Step two involved applying a rule-based model to the spectrally-based shape parameters (e.g. shape type, year and duration) to assign a year to the disturbance types and locations predicted in step one. Out of bag (OOB) predictions from RF showed that across the ten scenes, overall agreement was highest when only causal agent was considered (avg = 80%, min = 69%, max = 86%), and was lowest when both agent and year (within ± 1 of the reference date) were required to be correct (avg = 71%, min = 56%, max = 80%). Across scene omission and commission errors for fire and stable forest classes were mostly around 10% to 20%, respectively. Harvests were also modeled well, as five of nine test scenes had error rates < 26%. Accuracy of the wind and stress classes were much more variable with model errors ranging from 24% to 88%. The years assigned by the rule-based model were reasonably accurate, as 88% of all disturbances were assigned a year that fell within ± 2 years of the reference date. Fire disturbances were assigned the correct year 78% of the time, followed by harvest (69%) and conversion (54%). Although 17% and 63% of wind and stress disturbances were under-estimated by 5 or more years, the impact on overall accuracy was nominal given these two classes only accounted for roughly 5% of all disturbances. Our results also revealed that causal agent models summarized to broader disturbed/not disturbed classes were as accurate as models specifically constructed to predict binary disturbance, thus there appears to be no advantage to modeling disturbance prior to assigning causality. A relative evaluation of mean decrease in accuracy from RF showed that although a wide range of predictor variables contributed to the successful modeling of causal agents and stable forest (e.g. patch metrics, forest occurrence, and topography), disturbance variables (e.g. MTBS) and spectral change metrics (e.g. absolute and relative magnitude) were by far the most important. Modeled causality maps and annual disturbance rates were examined and found to be in good agreement with existing literature and other published data sets. Lastly, results are used to make recommendations for mapping forest disturbance agents nationally across the U.S.

Wildfires in tropical forests are likely to become a more dominant disturbance due to future increasing feedbacks between rapid frontier expansion and more frequent droughts. This study evaluates the effects of fire recurrence on seasonally dry tropical forests of the Chiquitania region, located in the southern rim of Amazonia, eastern lowlands of Bolivia. Effects were assessed in terms of changes in biomass, forest structure, species diversity and composition. Forest plots were established in well-conserved study sites to compare unburnt forests with forests burned once, twice and three times in the period 2000–2012. Inventories were collected for trees, palms and lianas, including identification of species and measurement of morphological traits related to fire tolerance. Biomass was estimated using different allometric equations, and species composition, richness, abundance and dominance were compared. We found a significant loss in biomass, and putative effects on small and large trees after recurrent burns. The observed patterns in this study suggest that Chiquitano forests respond to recurrent fires through a shift in tree species composition with already-present fire-tolerant species becoming more dominant. This transition presented losses in biomass but increases in species richness. Insights into a possible transition to a more fire-adapted state is of great relevance for forest and fire management strategies in the region, as this transition may become irreversible in a future regime of more frequent wildfires, expected due to drier climatic conditions with increasing patterns of forest fragmentation and spreading use of fire into new forest frontiers.

The supply of wood in Europe on a sustainable basis is highly relevant for forestry and related policies, particularly in relation to (i) analysing global change mitigation strategies and carbon accounting (ii) establishing realistic forecasts and targets for wood resources, biomass and renewable energy and (iii) assessing and supporting strategies for an increased use of wood.Therefore, it is relevant to have robust information of the availability for wood supply. The main aim of this paper is to harmonize the concept of ‘forest available for wood supply’ (FAWS) at European level.The data employed in this study was acquired through two questionnaires. The first questionnaire, conducted under the framework of COST Action FP1001 and a second questionnaire was completed by national correspondents and members of the UNECE/FAO.The analysis showed that reasons for the exclusion of forest from FAWS are diverse. Legal restrictions and specifically ´Protected areas´ are considered by 79% of the countries while very few countries consider economic restrictions.A new FAWS reference definition is provided and the consequences of using this new definition in eight European countries were analysed. Application of the proposed definition will increase consistency and comparability of data on FAWS and will result in decreasing the area of FAWS at a European level.

The success of fig trees in tropical ecosystems is evidenced by the great diversity (+750 species) and wide geographic distribution of the genus. We assessed the contribution of environmental variables on the species richness and density of fig trees in fragments of seasonal semideciduous forest (SSF) in Brazil. We assessed 20 forest fragments in three regions in Sao Paulo State, Brazil. Fig tree richness and density was estimated in rectangular plots, comprising 31.4 ha sampled. Both richness and fig tree density were linearly modeled as function of variables representing (1) fragment metrics, (2) forest structure, and (3) landscape metrics expressing water drainage in the fragments. Model selection was performed by comparing the AIC values (Akaike Information Criterion) and the relative weight of each model (wAIC). Both species richness and fig tree density were better explained by the water availability in the fragment (meter of streams/ha): wAICrichness = 0.45, wAICdensity = 0.96. The remaining variables related to anthropic perturbation and forest structure were of little weight in the models. The rainfall seasonality in SSF seems to select for both establishment strategies and morphological adaptations in the hemiepiphytic fig tree species. In the studied SSF, hemiepiphytes established at lower heights in their host trees than reported for fig trees in evergreen rainforests. Some hemiepiphytic fig species evolved superficial roots extending up to 100 m from their trunks, resulting in hectare-scale root zones that allow them to efficiently forage water and soil nutrients. The community of fig trees was robust to variation in forest structure and conservation level of SSF fragments, making this group of plants an important element for the functioning of seasonal tropical forests.

Land claims by indigenous peoples can cause changes in established protected areas. The consequences of such changes for biodiversity conservation will be context-dependent and influenced by characteristics of the indigenous population as well as the protected area affected. In the Cerrado-Caatinga ecotone of Brazil, there is an ongoing legal process to expand the Xacriabá Indigenous Land. The Xacriabás are claiming an additional 433 km2, which overlaps with one third of Cavernas do Peruaçu National Park. I used local scale data and occupancy modelling to show that expanding this indigenous land at the expense of the already reduced area under strict protection in the Cerrado and Caatinga is likely to decrease the national park’s conservation effectiveness. My analysis suggests that intensification of human presence in the overlapping area between the two land designations will result in loss of native vegetation, increase in the number of fires and might have a negative impact on populations of more sensitive species.

Mesoamerica provides a unique context for biodiversity conservation in managed landscapes because of its geography, history of human intervention, and present conservation and development initiatives. The long and narrow form of the Mesoamerican landmass, and its division by a central mountain range, has served as both a bridge and a barrier. Conservation efforts in Mesoamerica are unique for the emphasis they place on regional connectivity through the Mesoamerican Biological Corridor and on biodiversity conservation in managed landscapes. The emphasis on conservation in agricultural systems has fostered innovations in payment for ecosystem services, and provides novel insights on the functional role that biodiversity plays in the provisioning of ecosystem services. The increasing rate of economic development in the region and the advent of new payment for ecosystem service schemes have provided new opportunities for forest regeneration and restoration. However, the small scale of private landholdings and the diversity of land uses featured in the region, while contributing to biodiversity conservation due to their structural and floristic complexity, present challenges for biodiversity monitoring and management.

Extreme weather events are likely to become more frequent in the 21st century bringing significant impacts to coastal ecosystems. However, the capacity to detect and measure those impacts are still limited, with effects largely unstudied. In June 2016, a hailstorm with wind gusts of over 100 km·h−1 caused an unprecedented mangrove dieback on Eastern Brazil. To quantify the scale of impact and short-term recovery of mangroves (15-mo), we used satellite imagery and field sampling to evaluate changes in forest structure in control and impacted areas after the hailstorm. Satellite imagery revealed mangrove dieback in over 500 ha, corresponding to 29.3% of the total forest area suddenly impacted after the hailstorm. Fifteen months after the hailstorm, some impacted areas show an initial recovery, while others continued to degrade. The El Niño years of 2014–2016 created mild drought conditions in Eastern Brazil. As observed in wetlands of semi-arid regions during the same period, mangrove recovery may have been impaired by continued physiological stress and climate change effects. Economic losses in the study site from typical mangrove ecosystem services including food provision, climate regulation, raw materials and nurseries are estimated to at least US$ 792,624 yr−1. This is the first evidence of an extreme weather impact on mangroves in Brazil that typically provide unique ecological and economic subsistence to coastal populations. Our results reveal that there is a pressing need for long-term monitoring and climate change adaptation actions for coastal wetlands in Brazil, and to provide broad estimates of ecosystem values associated with these ecosystems given many areas are already experiencing chronic stress from local impacts, drought and high temperatures.

The spatial distribution of adult individuals (≥15 cm DBH) was investigated in a gallery forest of the Brası&#x0301;lia National Park, Brazil. Four wood species, important to the Brazilian national genetic conservation programme, were chosen: Astronium fraxinifolium Schott, (Anacardiaceae); Cariniana estrellensis (Raddi) Kuntze, (Lecythidaceae); Didymopanax morototoni (Aublet) Decne. & Planch., (Araliaceae) and Hymenaea courbaril var. stilbocarpa (Hayne) Lee & Lang., (Leguminosae-Caesalpinioideae). While distribution was uneven, no relationship with gradient or togographic position could be detected, but aggregation was perceived. Stocking levels were typically low, from 0.15 to 3.31 individuals ha−1.

Scytalopus and the recently erected Eleoscytalopus are among the Neotropical groups of birds whose taxonomy is most difficult to resolve given their very conservative morphology. We investigated the phylogeny and species limits of Eleoscytalopus and the eastern Scytalopus using two mitochondrial genes and two nuclear introns of multiple individuals from all species of these groups. The eastern Scytalopus are separated in three well defined clades also supported by morphological or vocal characteristics, although the relationships between these clades could not be resolved. We found several allopatric and very divergent lineages in these genera whose characteristics are consistent with species-level divergence, especially in S. speluncae. The great divergence between E. psychopompus and its sister species supports the former as a valid species. Our results corroborate the importance of the Bahia refuge as an avian center of endemism.

Deforestation is occurring at an alarming rate in the lowland tropics. In many tropical regions, rain forest is restricted to small (<100 ha), isolated fragments. While only the preservation of large areas of tropical rain forest can safeguard the complete biota, recent research has shown that a substantial number of forest species can persist for decades in fragmented forest, though large vertebrates are susceptible to habitat fragmentation. Inevitably, small fragments will become the last refuges of many rainforest species that are on the brink of extinction. In areas with little rain forest remaining, fragments can be the ‘seeds’ from which to re-establish extensive forest.

The application of digital cameras to monitor the environment is becoming global and changing the way of phenological data collection. The technique of repeated digital photographs to monitor plant phenology (phenocams) has increased due to its low-cost investment, reduced size, easy set up installation, and the possibility of handling high-resolution near-remote data. Considering the widespread use of phenocams worldwide, our main goals here are: (i) to provide a step-by-step guide for phenocam set up in the tropics, reinforce its appliance as an efficient tool for monitoring tropical phenology and foster networking, (ii) to discuss phenocam applications for biological conservation, management, and ecological restoration. We provide the concepts and properties for image analysis which allow representing the phenological status of the vegetation. The association of a long-term imagery data with local sensors (e.g., meteorological stations and surface-atmosphere flux towers) allows a wide range of studies, especially linking phenological patterns to climatic drivers; and the impact of climate changes on plant responses. We show phenocams applications for conservation as to document disturbances and changes on vegetation structure, such as deforestation, fire events, and flooding and the vegetation recovery. Networks of phenocams are growing globally and represent an important tool for conservation and restoration, as it provides hourly to daily information of monitored systems spread over several sites, ecosystems, and climatic zones. Moreover, websites enriched by vegetation dynamic imagery data can promote science knowledge by engaging citizen science participation.

The first phase in the stepwise collapse of the Carboniferous Coal Forests occurred near the Desmoinesian–Missourian boundary (early Kasimovian, ~ 307 Ma), and involved extirpation of Lycospora-producing lepidodendrids, and some other lycopsids, across most of tropical Euramerica. In this paper, we follow-up on historical reports of silicified tree-stumps in Peoria County, northwest-central Illinois, USA, which have significant implications for understanding Carboniferous Coal Forest collapse. Rooted near the paleoweathered top of the Lonsdale Limestone, and widespread across an area of ~ 250 km2, the silicified tree-stumps belong to Amyelon-type coniferopsids. A key feature of the fossil wood is the occurrence of abundant axial parenchyma arranged along irregular growth interruptions, suggestive of climatic seasonality, an inference consistent with silicic preservation. The silicified fossil forest directly underlies the Exline Limestone and Athensville Coal, the horizons that mark the US-wide loss of Lycospora, and demonstrate that lowland areas were colonized by dryland coniferopsid forests following Coal Forest collapse. Placed in a cyclothem context, the silicified fossil forest horizon lies above the Maria Creek mudstone paleosol (top of Piasa cyclothem), in which earlier d18O analyses have identified a major pulse of global warming, and coincides with the ‘Hanna City’ paleosol (top of Lonsdale cyclothem), which is correlative with the Seminole Sandstone, a Midcontinent incised valley-fill representative of one of the most profound glacioeustatic falls seen in the Pennsylvanian record. Our new findings therefore demonstrate that Coal Forest collapse was closely linked to intensification of glacial cycle amplitude near the Desmoinesian–Missourian boundary, involving both extreme episodes of global warming and cooling.

Subtidal forests comprised of kelps and other canopy-forming macroalgae represent critically important marine habitats. Kelp forests exhibit high rates of primary productivity, magnified secondary productivity, support high levels of biodiversity and provide various ecosystem services. Compared with many other regions, kelp forests around the UK have been largely understudied despite their recognised importance and the possible impacts of environmental change factors. We conducted surveys at 12 kelp-dominated open-coast sites within four regions in the UK, spanning ~ 9° in latitude and ~ 3 °C in mean sea temperature. We used a combination of quadrat-scale abundance and percent cover data as well as transect-scale canopy cover estimates to quantify ecological structure at multiple spatial scales. Kelp forest structure varied significantly between sites (nested within region) and also between regions. Regional-scale differences were principally driven by a higher abundance/cover of Alaria esculenta at the colder northern regions (i.e. north and west Scotland), and the presence of the Lusitanian kelp Laminaria ochroleuca at some sites in the southernmost region (i.e. southwest England) but nowhere else. The kelp Laminaria hyperborea dominated all sites and varied significantly between sites but not regions. All assemblage-level and population-level response variables were highly variable between sites within regions, suggesting that environmental factors varying at corresponding spatial scales (e.g. wave exposure, turbidity, sedimentation) are important drivers of pattern. The detection of regional-scale variability suggests that predicted changes in ocean climate, particularly increased sea temperature, may lead to changes in kelp forest structure in the future, with poleward range contractions (for A. esculenta) and expansions (for L. ochroleuca) likely. However, as the distribution-abundance patterns of the assemblage dominant L. hyperborea did not vary predictably with ocean temperature at this spatial scale, the fundamental structure of these habitats may be more influenced by localised factors, at least in the short-term. The relative importance of multiple, concurrent environmental change factors in structuring UK kelp forests remains largely unknown.

The U.S. South's wood supply chain has undergone major changes over the past two decades in terms of forestland ownership and forest industry structure. Recent interest in producing energy from wood has raised questions about how a vibrant wood-energy market will impact the traditional southern wood supply chain. By using a survey of consulting foresters, this study examined how harvest tract size, forest ownership, and forest industry structure have changed within the U.S. South and how foresters expect the wood-energy market to impact the wood supply chain in the future. Results indicate that there are currently inadequate markets for timber as a result of expanded timber supply and reduced forest products industry capacity. Only 12% of respondents reported having sold timber to an energy facility, although 98% of respondents report their clients are willing to sell to an energy facility. In addition, 89% of respondents believe that a vibrant wood-energy market will provide an additional market for timber and will not displace forest products industry capacity. This study found excess logging capacity as evidenced by frequent mill quotas; however, an aging logging workforce and tight credit markets make logging capacity uncertain in the long term as the U.S. economy rebounds from recession and wood-energy demand increases. The percentage of respondents reporting an average harvest tract size over 16 ha (40 ac) decreased from 95% in 1999, to 70% in 2009, and only 47% predict an average harvest tract size over 16 ha (40 ac) in 2019. This study suggests that the southern wood supply chain is in position to take advantage of an expanded wood-energy market; however, decreasing harvest tract sizes, increasing urbanization, and a decline in the forest products industry are lingering issues for landowners, mills, foresters, and loggers in the South.

There is a high degree of uncertainty regarding biomass accumulation and carbon storage potential in secondary temperate forests. Improving this understanding is vital for managing these forests as carbon sinks, a part of climate change mitigation efforts. A critical question is how secondary stand development in eastern U.S. forests has influenced long-term recovery from 19th century agricultural abandonment, and how this has affected aboveground carbon storage and co-varying stand-scale habitat characteristics. To answer this question we employed a longitudinal study based on twelve years of empirical data (2001–2013) collected from 60 permanent monitoring plots within 16 reference stands at Marsh-Billings-Rockefeller (MBR) National Historical Park in Woodstock, VT. We also used 150 years of documentary data from park management records. MBR Park was the first parcel of land actively reforested in the U.S. The Park’s current forest mosaic reflects a history of alternate reforestation pathways and varied successional trajectories indicative of secondary forest recovery occurring across the broader northeastern forest landscape. This research evaluates the effects of reforestation pathways (planting vs. natural regeneration), management regimes (long-term low harvest intensities at varied harvest frequencies), and stand development trajectories on biomass outcomes and late-successional habitat. We generated biometrics indicative of stand structural complexity, including the H′ structural diversity index, and aboveground biomass (live trees, snags, and downed coarse woody debris pools) estimates. Multivariate analyses evaluated the predictive strength of reforestation pathway, management history, and site characteristics relative to aboveground carbon pools and stand structural complexity. Classification and Regression Tree (CART) analysis ranked reforestation method as the strongest predictor of long-term mean total aboveground carbon storage, while harvest frequency, and stand age were selected as secondary variables. CART ranked percent conifer as the strongest predictor of H′, while harvest intensity and frequency were selected as secondary variables. Our results suggest that a variety of long-term recovery pathways converge on high levels of aboveground carbon storage, including both conifer plantations and naturally regenerated hardwood stands, but silvicultural management can dramatically alter those trajectories. Total aboveground biomass (i.e., carbon) co-varied with H′ (R2 = 0.25). Thus, our dataset showed a positive relationship between forest carbon storage and structural complexity, supporting the concept of multifunctional forestry emphasizing late-successional habitats.

This article explores the concept of “other effective area-based conservation measures” (OECMs) in the context of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) Aichi Biodiversity Target 11 on marine protected areas and OECMs and its linkages to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). It argues that mainstreaming biodiversity through CBD Aichi Biodiversity Targets’ implementation into the SDGs can contribute to a more systemic and comprehensive implementation of SDG 14.5 on conservation of at least 10% of marine and coastal areas. It argues that OECMs can complement MPAs and contribute to ecologically representative and effectively managed marine protected areas systems integrated into broader governance systems such as marine spatial planning. Selected global and local sectoral conservation measures are therefore highlighted in this analysis as potential forms of OECMs. At the local level, a case study of ecologically or biologically significant marine areas managed as locally managed marine areas (LMMAs) in Mozambique is discussed. This case study explores how multiple-use LMMAs, which respond to short-term fisher's needs and targeted biodiversity conservation, could contribute to the achievement of specific SDGs on food security, poverty elimination and resilient ecosystems if properly supported by long-term investments, strong institutions and integrated oceans management.

The existence and integrity of the majority of southern Atlantic and eastern Gulf coastal plain non-alluvial wetlands (and the plant and animal species dependent on these communities) are critically threatened. Federal efforts and public interest have concentrated on the protection of coastal wetlands and riverine bottomlands, but many other coastal plain wetland communities are declining rapidly. Among these threatened natural communities are non-alluvial systems such as pond cypress Taxodium ascendens savannas, karst ponds, coastal plain small depression ponds, longleaf pine Pinus palustris savannas, and pocosins. We estimate that more than a third of the rare plant species in the Southeast occur in these wetland communities. The threats to these isolated wetland communities are numerous, from local site specific threats including drainage and development to threats to the regional hydrology. In this paper we present an overview of the non-alluvial wetlands in the southern Atlantic and eastern Gulf coastal plain and focus on two of the most threatened non-alluvial wetland communities in the region, pond cypress savannas and karst ponds.

The Caatinga is a dry tropical forest, located in the Brazilian semiarid region and rich in phytotelmata. This study investigated the culicid fauna of phytotelmata of the caatinga by sampling for 19 consecutive months aquatic immatures from tree holes and bromeliads. A total of 127 L of water was taken from the plants, containing 6764 immature culicids of 16 species, of which 11 (69%) are undescribed and respond to 90% of the total abundance of the specimens collected. Epiphytic bromeliads harbor a large number of immature Culicidae, although terrestrial bromeliads are the most abundant and widely distributed in the region. The richness of culicid species was similar between terrestrial and epiphytic bromeliads and lower in habitats represented by tree hole phytotelmata. There was no similarity in the composition of culicid species that developed in bromeliads or tree holes. Temperature and humidity were the environmental parameters most strongly associated with the proportion of positive plants. The Caatinga has a great number of endemic species that remain unknown to science and many additional culicid species may await discovery from there.

Mercury (Hg) concentrations in tropical forest soils and litter are up to 10 times higher than those from temperate and boreal forests. The majority of Hg that has been stored in tropical soils, as the forest is left intact, could be trapped in deeper layers of soil and only small quantities are exported to water bodies. The quantitative approach to the Hg cycle in tropical forests is uncommon; the South America Atlantic Forest indeed is a hotspot for species conservation and also seems to be for the Hg's cycle. This study reports on a biannual dynamics of Hg through different species assemblage of different successional stages in this biome, based on 24 litter traps used to collect litterfall from 3 different successional stages under a rainforest located at Brazilian Southeast. The mean Hg litterfall flux obtained was 6.1 ± 0.15 μg ha−1 yr−1, while the mean Hg concentration in litter was 57 ± 16 ng g−1 and the accumulation of Hg via litterfall flux was 34.6 ± 1.2 μg m−2 yr−1. These inventories are close to those found for tropical areas in the Amazon, but they were lower than those assessed for Atlantic Forest biome studies. These low concentrations are related to the remoteness of the area from pollution sources and probably to the climatic limitation, due to the altitude effects over the forest's eco-physiology. The mercury fluxes found in each different successional stage, correlated with time variations of global radiation, suggesting a mandatory role of the forest primary production over Hg deposition to the soil.

The frequent occurrence of very large trees (diameter at breast height DBH ≥ 80 cm) is a typical element of both primary and secondary old-growth forests. We analyzed the characteristics of very large trees in one of the few stands of lowland old-growth beech forest in Northwestern Europe, regenerated around 1775 and left unmanaged since 1986. We examined their density, diameter range, increment, mortality rate and spatial distribution, based on repeated full dendrometric surveys. In order to evaluate the results, we compared them to original datasets from primary and secondary old-growth beech forests in Europe, and an extensive reference table, compiled from inventories and literature.In our study site, the density of very large trees increased from 31.5 to 34.3 trees ha−1 over the last 25 years, reaching a median DBH of 97 cm (mean 98.9), with the largest tree attaining a DBH of 159 cm. Although the trees were over 240 years old, they still showed an average DBH increment of 4.75 mm year−1 and a low mortality rate (0.89% year−1), indicating that they were still vital. These figures are remarkably high compared to other old-growth beech forest reference sites, where the density of very large trees generally varies between 5 and 20 trees ha−1 (median value 13.1), with a median diameter of 85–90 cm and maximum DBH for beech trees rarely exceeding 100–130 cm.The regular spatial distribution pattern of the very large trees in the studied stand clearly differed from a typical old-growth stand, in which very large trees are randomly distributed. Over the last 25 years though, because of random mortality and ingrowth, the spatial distribution gradually became more random.The extraordinary densities and sizes of the very large trees in our study site can be explained by the favorable climate and site conditions that promote high increments, in combination with the former management interventions of tending and thinning that resulted in continuous non-suppressed growth. Although derived from a very specific case with particular conditions, our observations may be relevant to other beech forests, as they tend to reset certain baseline assumptions for tree size and longevity potential of beech in Northwestern Europe.

The energy balance closure obtained through the eddy covariance method is a problem which persists, despite advances in the development and improvement of instruments and recent efforts in the description of corrections and in the characterization of measuring uncertainties. In most places the sum of sensible and latent heat fluxes (H and λE) is less than available energy, i.e. the difference between net radiation (Rn) and soil heat flux (G). This study analyzed the annual and seasonal behavior of the energy partitioning and energy balance closure in the Caatinga Biome, which is a seasonally dry tropical forest located in the semiarid lands of Brazil, using the eddy covariance method. Results showed high seasonal variability in the energy partitioning. During the dry season, approximately 70% of Rn was converted into H and less than 5% of it was converted into latent heat flux (λE). During the wet season, the Rn portion converted into H and λE was similar: ˜ 40%. In annual terms, the Rn portion converted into H and λE was of the order of 50% and 20% respectively. The degree of the energy balance closure varied depending on the method used. When the closure was calculated using orthogonal regressions, the slope varied from 0.87 to 0.90 in 2014 and from 0.92 to 1.00 in 2015. However, when the closure was calculated by the energy balance ratio method, values varied from 0.70 to 0.79 in 2014 and from 0.73 to 0.82 in 2015. The closure was better in 2015 if compared to 2014 possibly due to the more intense turbulence observed in 2015 because friction velocity was higher than in 2014. The better closure in 2015 may also be associated with large eddies, which were more frequent in 2014 as evidenced by the correction coefficients for vertical wind velocity and water vapor and vertical wind velocity and sonic temperature. The energy balance closure was also analyzed considering atmospheric instability conditions and the best results were found under very unstable conditions, while the least expressive results were found under stable conditions. Under these conditions negative values of the energy balance ratio were also observed during dry and transition seasons, indicating that fluxes were reversed during these periods.

Avian insectivores of the tropical rainforest understory (“understory insectivores”) are common, diverse, and often sensitive to disturbance of tropical forest, making them useful as sentinels of rainforest ecosystem change. At the 2013 joint American Ornithologists’ Union and Cooper Ornithological Society meeting in Chicago, USA, researchers convened a symposium to address the ecology and conservation of understory insectivores. This Special Issue of Biological Conservation is the result of that symposium: a collection of articles that unites our efforts to further understand and conserve understory insectivores. In this introductory paper, we review the diversity and ecology of understory insectivores, identify threats to the guild, discuss hypotheses on drivers of population declines, and make suggestions for future research. Deforestation and forest degradation are the immediate threats to this guild, with agricultural expansion (particularly oil palm plantations), urbanization, road expansion and logging leading the list. Although vulnerabilities of this guild are most evident in the Neotropics, there are few studies from Asia and fewer still from Africa—we recommend increased geographic coverage. If we are to understand the vulnerabilities of understory insectivores from a pantropical perspective, researchers should prioritize understanding the most serious threats (e.g., edge effects, deforestation, fragmentation, etc.) and standardize efforts to gauge understory insectivores’ response to these threats (e.g., via species richness, abundance, demographic metrics). A coordinated approach by researchers working in tropical rainforests across the globe can help us understand the ecology of understory insectivores and meaningfully apply conservation and management actions.

Wild grapes, considered as the putative ancestor of the cultivated form, represent the only endemic taxon of the Vitaceae in Europe and the Maghreb. The species has become highly threatened because of habitat loss and intensive forest exploitation.In this work, we analyzed genetic aspects that could shed light on the evolution and conservation of wild grapes that still be found in forests along river banks in Tunisia. We examined the genetic structure of twenty populations using 10 nuclear SSR loci. Vitis sylvestris has a high level of genetic variation with 84.5% of the loci assayed being polymorphic, a mean number of alleles of 10.4, and a mean heterozygosity per population of 0.7546. We calculated Wright’s FST statistic to estimate gene flow indirectly and to evaluate whether or not there was genetic structuring among populations. We found a marked differentiation among populations according to FST values and clustering. AMOVA has shown that most of the variation was partitioned between rather than among populations. A significant pattern of isolation by distance was found which implies that each population would constitute a distinct pool of genetic variation that warrants conservation.Finally, the exponential curve of the relationship between genetic distances and demographic data strongly suggests that due to populations’ small sizes and fragmentation, V. sylvestris is actually at high risk of extinction in Tunisia. Therefore, all studied populations are valuable for conservation.

Changes to Earth systems threaten human and non-human sustainability because these changes undermine critical life support systems such as estuarine and coastal ecosystems (ECEs), which are in systematic ecological decline. This article investigates the root social causes of coastal decline through the case of serial collapses of the Atlantic oyster (C. virginica), starting in New York in 1810. The research triangulates two methods, inductive historical political economy, and a reading of archival newspapers from 1607 to 1900 interpreted through a framework informed by Marxian attention to the flow of capital and the stages of capitalist development. The historical research indicates that the community-oriented classical republicanism of Jefferson, lost to the rise of a liberal republicanism in the period after the Revolutionary War and the early 19th century. This shift initiated the first stages of American capitalism, called “original accumulation,” that caused the first collapse of the native oyster beds. As capitalism matured into the “production” phase, industrial harvesting and development in the ECE destroyed the cultivated beds. In the archives, oysters are consistently framed as a commodity, not a part of a living seashore with needs. Recurring discourses of an “inexhaustible” industry, competition between states, and even “oyster wars” highlight the importance of the oyster as a commodity. In stories about depletion, the narratives are limited to the source of oysters seed to New York, or micro-depletions that complain of a lost favored brand and the search for its replacement. The origins of Atlantic ECE decline are found in the development of Atlantic capitalism.

Migratory frugivorous birds disperse the seeds of many plant species, forming mutualistic associations that render frugivores a priority for conservation in many habitats worldwide. We analysed the distribution of seed-dispersing frugivorous passerines in southern Spain, which is an important area for the conservation of European birds during winter. Frugivorous birds showed similar regional abundance and richness during four winters, although fruit availability changed among years. However, the spatial distribution of frugivorous birds in the area changed among years. These changes were principally determined by annual variation in the distribution of fruits in the area, revealing a clear ability of birds to track the distribution of fruits. The unpredictable distribution of fruits each year suggests that regional fruit crops, rather than selected habitat patches, need to be protected for the long-term conservation of frugivorous bird populations in wintering grounds. Remarkably, the distribution of frugivores was independent of forest development or general cover of shrubs, which helps to reconcile the protection of fruiting shrubs with forest cleaning, an usual management to prevent devastating summer fires that is destroying fleshy-fruited plant communities in many areas of southern Spain. Thus, leaving a part of the fruiting shrubs untouched when cleaning forest undergrowth will allow the settlement of frugivorous birds. Interestingly, both abundance and richness of frugivores decreased with elevation, probably as a consequence of impaired climatic conditions at high altitude, revealing the importance of lowland shrublands as wintering grounds for frugivorous birds. These habitats deserve special conservation efforts, as they are seriously threatened by the ongoing encroachment of agricultural and urban areas along the Mediterranean coasts.

This study explores the basis for conservation action on Astronium fraxinifolium Schott (Anacardiaceae). This is a wide-ranging forest species occurring in Brazil and other South American countries, and typical of gallery forest along watercourses in the Cerrado region. Information about this species is scanty and scattered. This paper aims to provide a structured review of available knowledge of its biology, ecology, silviculture and management. Widely-scattered published reports have been critically considered and efforts made to highlight and resolve contradictions and inconsistencies. Because little effort has been applied to its domestication and improvement, knowledge of silviculture and management of Astronium fraxinifolium is particularly meagre. Gaps in current knowledge relevant for conservation are identified and steps to fill them proposed. Where in situ conservation was considered appropriate, recommendations are made for the location of additional protected areas. Complementary ex situ and enrichment conservation action is suggested for specific parts of the range where resource losses are already so extensive that in situ measures alone are insufficient. Provision for refining the limited management and conservation knowledge is made through highlighting priorities for study of the taxon. Finally, future action is discussed in the context of the infrastructure of the national conservation sector of Brazil.

Saproxylic organisms are among the most threatened species in Europe and constitute a major conservation problem because they depend on the most important forestry product – dead wood. Diversity of fungal and bryophyte communities occurring on dead beech trees was analyzed in five European countries (Slovenia, Hungary, The Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark) considering tree level species richness (TLSR), country level species richness (CLSR), frequency distributions of species, occurrence of threatened species and relations between TLSR and decay stage, tree size and countries. Altogether 1009 trees were inventoried in 19 beech dominated forest reserves.The number of fungi in the full dataset was approximately three times larger (456 versus 161 species) and the proportion of low frequent species was higher than among bryophytes. The species richness of bryophytes and fungi was significantly different among countries considering both TLSR and CLSR. In addition the diversity patterns deviated considerably between the two groups of organisms. Slovenian sites appeared to be biodiversity hotspots for bryophytes characterized by high TLSR and CLSR and a high fraction of threatened species. Hungarian sites had somewhat lower bryophyte diversity, while the Atlantic region had deteriorated assemblages. Fungal species richness was very high in Denmark, but the Hungarian and Slovenian sites were richer in threatened and low frequency species. Tree size was better able to explain variation in TLSR in both organism groups than decay stage. TLSR was found to vary significantly between countries but the difference was most considerable in the case of bryophytes.The diversity patterns of both organism groups along the investigated geographical gradient appear to be influenced by both climatic and management related factors (forest history, dead wood availability and continuity, habitat fragmentation). There is no doubt that an increase in the abundance of dead wood in European beech forests will benefit diversity of saproxylic fungi and bryophytes, especially if a continuous presence of large diameter logs are secured within individual stands.

Investigating species' distribution and abundance over time is central to evolutionary biology, and provides important context for conservation and management. With respect to population genetic structure in green sea turtles (Chelonia mydas), certain processes such as female philopatry to natal rookeries are well understood, while others, such as male philopatry and historical changes in distribution and abundance, remain relatively understudied. Further, although inferences from mitochondrial DNA and nuclear microsatellites have both been critical in identifying management units, comparisons of these units based on both markers are still rare. Here we analyzed novel data from fifteen microsatellite markers gathered at six green turtle rookeries in the western Atlantic as well as previously published mitochondrial sequences from 13 regional rookeries. We detected low, but significant, population structure at microsatellite loci, which coincides with previous delineations of local and regional management units as well as reports of male philopatry. However, we also detected a discord between nuclear and mitochondrial data, in which two tropical rookeries (Aves Island, Venezuela; and Matapica, Surinam) clustered with the Caribbean and Mediterranean based on microsatellite data, but displayed a mitochondrial lineage characteristic of the southern Atlantic and Africa. To investigate the possible causes of this discord, we used both classical and Bayesian methods to estimate historical migration rates and the timing and magnitude of changes in population size. We detected a strong barrier to dispersal between the northern and southern Atlantic, as well as an expansion in the southern mitochondrial lineage during the Wisconsin glacial period and a later expansion in the northern lineage following the Last Glacial Maximum. We propose that the Aves and Surinam rookeries were colonized by females from a southern glacial refugium, after which they experienced male-biased gene flow from the Caribbean. This study highlights the utility of incorporating data from multiple types of molecular markers in accurately identifying conservation units and in elucidating the complex historical and contemporary processes underlying population genetic structure in marine species.

Ecotone areas are the most dynamic areas of the world where small changes in some condition produce rapid and abrupt responses such as shifts in the distribution of dominant species and associated community’s patches. Studying southwestern Santa Cruz forest-steppe ecotone is an ideal landscape to explore potential feedbacks of grazing and fire on vegetation diversity because of the juxtaposition of fire-resistant forests dominated by obligate seedlers with fire-sprouting shrublands and the prevalence of wild cattle since the early XX century. In this study, we analyzed how climate (precipitation, temperature and water balance), stand characteristics (basal area, quantity of cohorts and exotic species cover) and disturbances (fire and grazing) affect native species diversity, Plant Functional Types (PFTs) diversity and PFTs response in the forest-steppe ecotone of southern Patagonia. The study was conducted on 124 plots located on the eastern slope of the Andes (between 48°50′ and 50°50′S) including forest-steppe ecotone sites between 1000 and 400 mm of annual precipitation. Native species and PFTs diversity indices modeling were carried out by generalized least squares and generalized lineal models. Stand characteristics, disturbance type and climate variables were used as factors over native species and PFTs diversity variables. An ordination and a Spearman rank correlation analysis were achieved between scores of the two first axes with total basal area, exotic species cover, mean annual temperature, annual precipitation, and water balance in order to explore PFTs responses to biotic or abiotic ecological conditions. The relationship between native species and PFTs richness (number of PFTs per plot) was modeled in order to evaluate the redundancy degree of PFTs under different disturbance types by fitting nonlinear power models to both richness measurements for each disturbance type. Fire impact over forest-steppe ecotone communities is one of the most important top down factor driving major increases on PFTs redundancy and heliophilous plants species abundance. At stand level, multicohort fire-disturbed stands support the highest native species diversity. Thus, mimicking this natural pattern on silvicultural practices could safeguard higher understory native species diversity than managing policies creating homogeneous conditions. Even if closed forest communities present lower native species diversity values than open canopy communities, they sustain different PFTs that present high conservation values for forest fauna. Grazing pressure represents a threatening agent diminishing native forest-steppe biodiversity. The coexistence of different stands at different development stages in the same landscape ensures the seed bank pools of shade tolerant and heliophilous species.

Forest and livestock management puts pressure on forests and the wildlife they support. Although many species may be negatively affected by these human activities, the abundance of other species may be promoted, although this has perhaps received less attention in livestock, logging, and conservation management plans. Wild boar and red fox, two common mammals distributed throughout Europe, occupy a wide variety of Mediterranean environments. Little is known about how increases in logging and livestock management have changed their status. This work models the response of wild boar and red fox to these pressures in the human-altered Mediterranean forest landscapes of the central Iberian Peninsula (NHR), where the predominant land uses in the last hundred years have focused on livestock and logging (thinning and selective cutting). We collapsed land use and habitat structure variables into independent habitat vectors using principle component analysis (PCA) and then used a general linear model (GLM) to explain the relationships between red fox and wild boar abundance and the independent habitat vectors observed in human-altered forests. Livestock and logging activity was positively correlated with wild boar abundance, and negatively correlated with red fox abundance, although red fox tolerated open scrubland that had been logged. Red fox abundance remained negatively correlated with the same variables when boar abundance was added as an environmental predictor in the model, but some additional variance was explained, demonstrating the need to include indirect interspecific relationships in the habitat-species models. The combined effects of wild boar, logging and livestock are indirectly important factors which modify habitat structure and negatively affect red fox. Therefore, common mammal species are influenced by livestock and logging in different ways which necessarily may be taken into account in management and conservation decisions in Mediterranean human-altered forests.

Mangrove ecosystems and their resources are important for traditional coastal communities. We analysed the efficiency of traditional management practices developed by crab (Ucides cordatus) gatherers in the mangrove forest of the Paraíba do Sul River estuary (∼21°S), south-eastern Brazil, considering the carapace width of specimens harvested for commercial purposes in two different periods (2002–03 and 2015–16). The continuity of this crab harvest between 2002 and 2016 was likely possible because of decreased harvest pressure, which does not necessarily represent the traditional management efficiency needed to sustain this resource. Thus, this crab harvest system may be more fragile than expected by the local gatherers. Community-based proposals for the management of this U. cordatus harvest system, which integrate communities, researchers and decision-makers, can improve both local productivity and ecosystem-resource maintenance, mitigating local conflicts.

Global conservation needs far exceed the available resources, so scarce resources must be used cost-effectively. Although many conservation priory-setting frameworks used by NGO’s or public agencies explicitly claim to emphasize efficiency or wise investment, none actually incorporates costs in a formal return-on-investment (ROI) framework. We illustrate here how an ROI framework can be applied to real world resource allocation decisions faced by conservation organizations. We present two examples: (1) allocating resources to purchase land in 21 ecoregions that make up the Temperate Forest Habitat in the US; (2) allocating resources among a variety of conservation actions (not just land purchase) in Mediterranean habitats, with rates of habitat loss factored into the analysis. An important feature of both case studies is that costs vary by orders of magnitude, depending on where or how one is doing conservation. Second, because costs and biodiversity are not well correlated, enormous savings are possible by applying an ROI analysis. Moreover, recommended priorities after including costs in the calculations often deviate substantially from priorities based solely on biodiversity measures. Hence we argue that a major effort of conservationist biologists should be to include and record the costs of conservation actions. If serious attention is not given to returns on investment, it implies that “money is no object.”

Intensively managed pine (Pinus spp.) forests (IMPFs) in the southern U.S. are often harvested by clearcutting in conjunction with green tree retention (i.e., retention of unharvested or less-intensively harvested trees and other vegetation), which is thought to promote structural diversity and to benefit wildlife. Management units in IMPFs thus primarily consist of regenerating pine clearcuts (RCCs) plus retained cover in streamside management zones (SMZs: vegetative buffers along perennial and intermittent streams) and/or stringers (forested buffers along ephemeral drains). To understand relationships between retained structures and avian communities, we documented and compared species diversity of breeding bird species and avian guilds in three-year-old RCCs and associated SMZs and stringers on 60 IMPF management units within the South Central Plains ecoregion of the southeastern U.S. We detected 5617 individuals of 60 species. Eight species were considered “common birds in steep decline,” one of which was frequently detected (Prairie Warbler, Setophaga discolor). Three of our 15 most frequently detected species were identified by Partners in Flight as “warranting management attention” for “moderate or high regional declines,” and 19 other species were listed as “warranting management attention” but were uncommonly detected. Forty-two of 44 species documented in RCCs were also observed accessing retention cover areas. SMZs and stringers comprised an average of 17.4% of management unit area, but 27% of species were detected solely in retention cover types. There was an 84% species overlap between SMZs and stringers. Stringers augmented SMZ contributions to site avian diversity by hosting forest specialist guilds. Diversity of early-successional specialists was similar between stringers and RCCs, suggesting stringers also enhanced RCC contributions to site bird diversity. Furthermore, we detected several species only within stringers. Green tree retention land cover contributed to stand scale avian diversity disproportionately to its area, and in particular, stringer cover appeared to enhance the value to avifaunal species diversity of RCC and SMZ patches.

Different statistical techniques have been used to model species potential distribution related to environmental variables. This paper provides a comprehensive assessments of GARP and MaxEnt methods, and investigates for the first time the probability of occurrence of cork oak (Quercus suber L.) in Italy based on ecological niche modelling approaches. A detailed distribution of the species was achieved during a 3-year National Project (SuberItalia) and 17 environmental layers were employed to obtain the potential distribution of cork oak. The performance of the models were measured using the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) approach and Cohen’s Kappa statistic. Results achieved by GARP and MaxEnt showed as the drought and the cold stresses are the main factors affecting cork oak occurrence in Italy. Moreover, the accuracy of the obtained prediction maps were compared to a specifically calibrated geo-statistical method at regional scale, pointing out a preliminary geographical assessment of the suitable surfaces to set apart for cork oak forest expansion in Italy, thereby useful to address reforestation and conservation concerns to face the ongoing area reduction of these forests.

The study of more than 700 charcoals from the Vaccaean settlement of Pintia (Padilla del Duero, Valladolid) provides new local and detailed data about the Iron Age II forest composition in Continental–Mediterranean inland Spain. Pinus gr. sylvestris/nigra (from which an unexpectedly high number of charcoals were identified), together with Mediterranean pines (also highly represented), Juniperus L. and evergreen and deciduous Quercus, were the main taxa living in the area, revealing two different marked biogeographical elements in the late-Holocene landscapes of the Duero basin: Mediterranean and Eurosiberian. On one hand, the results shed new light on the assessment of the origin of Mediterranean pinewoods in the area. On the other hand, the charcoal assemblage of Pintia reveals a more important presence of the current Mediterranean highland pines in the lowlands of the Central Iberian Peninsula in the late-Holocene suggesting the existence of interglacial refugia. Finally, this work highlights palaeoecological studies as valuable tools to support decisions on forest management related to conservation and restoration of our natural heritage.

Many habitats in Europe have been managed by grazing for thousands of years. However, extensive grazing systems are becoming increasingly rare in the region, and there is a lack of understanding of the functioning of these systems.We carried out 147 structured interviews in 38 landscapes throughout the Carpathian Basin, with 3–5 informants/landscape. The number of actively grazing cattle, sheep and pigs, their year-round habitat use and the proportion of herds actively tended were documented for four characteristic historical periods (before, during and after socialist cooperatives and after EU Accession).The numbers of grazing cattle and sheep had decreased substantially by 2010 (by 71% and 49%, respectively), while pig grazing almost disappeared by the 1970s. Cattle primarily grazed habitats with taller vegetation. Sheep grazed dry pastures and stubbles, while pigs were driven into marshes and forests. In general, the importance of dry and wet grasslands increased, while the significance of marshes, stubble fields, vegetation along linear elements, second growth on hay meadows, wood-pastures and forests decreased over time. Approximately half of the grazed habitats were not typical pasture grasslands, and functioned as supplementary pastures during droughts, autumn and winter. The number of habitat types grazed per month per site dropped, and herding decreased substantially, in particular in the case of cattle and pigs.Contributing factors of the economic and social changes of the examined period included the collapse of the communist-era legal framework, the intensification of livestock husbandry, EU Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) regulations, and the rise of a nature conservation ethic.We conclude that agricultural policies should take into account the full spectrum of habitat types necessary for the effective operation of extensive grazing systems. We argue that conservation-oriented extensive grazing should use the traditional wisdom of herders but adapted to the present situations.

This study uses the directional output distance function, a multi-output economic production frontier model, to value the physical tradeoffs between agricultural production and wetland condition in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic region Nanticoke River watershed. We combine detailed ecological indicator data to measure wetland condition with satellite imagery land use data on agricultural production in the watershed. Our estimation procedure adapts the bootstrap methods originally developed by Simar and Wilson (1998) for nonparametric efficiency estimates to the quadratic directional output distance function. We find substantial variation in tradeoff values across the watershed, which could be used to target wetland conservation efforts in the region.

Persistent and bioaccumulative contaminants often reach concentrations that threaten aquatic life by causing alterations in organism behavior and development, disruption of biological processes, reproductive abnormalities, and mortality. The objectives of this research were to determine the aquatic food web structure and trophic transfer and accumulation of contaminants within a riverine ecosystem and identify potential stressors to the health of an imperiled fish, the robust redhorse (Moxostoma robustum) and other species of conservation concern in a large Atlantic Slope (USA) river. Trophic position was determined for food web taxa by stable isotope analyses of representative producers, consumers, and organic matter of the Yadkin-Pee Dee River of North Carolina and South Carolina. Contaminant analyses were performed on water, sediment, organic matter, and aquatic biota to assess the prevalence and accumulation of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), organochlorine pesticides (OCPs), current use pesticides (CUPs), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and selected metals. Contaminants were prevalent in the environment and food web components of the river. PCBs were detected in 32% of biotic samples (mean 0.24 μg/g dry weight [DW], range 0.01–3.33 μg/g DW), and DDTs (legacy OCPs and metabolites) were detected in 90% (mean 0.014 μg/g DW, range 0.0004–0.29 μg/g DW). The trace metals manganese and cadmium exceeded published threshold effect concentrations in sediment (460 and 0.99 μg/g DW, respectively). Mercury was detected in all food web samples exhibiting a mean of 0.61 μg/g DW and range 0.006–2.35 μg/g DW (mean 0.13 μg/g wet weight [WW], range 0.001–0.6 μg/g WW). Concentrations exceeded the 0.2 μg/g WW aquatic life criterion for mercury in 38% of fish samples. Fish trophic magnification factors (TMFs; range 0.33–3.75) indicated that contaminant accumulation occurred from both water and dietary sources. The combination of analytical approaches applied here provides new insight into contaminant dynamics with conservation implications.

Forest fragmentation is continued to be widespread in the tropics resulting in reduced ecosystem services including carbon storage. However, the effect of forest fragmentation is not considered in the current carbon policy. We investigated the effect of forest fragmentation on tree biomass carbon and soil organic carbon (SOC) storage in a moist tropical forest in Bangladesh. Above and below-ground tree biomass carbon were calculated by using widely accepted allometric equations and SOC was measured by sampling soils up to 10 cm depth and analyzing them in a soil laboratory. Results showed that carbon storage in tree biomass was significantly lower in fragmented forests (16.3 ± 1.37 t C ha−1) than in contiguous forests (31.21 ± 2.75 t C ha−1) (p < 0.001). Likewise, a significantly lower SOC was contained in the soils of fragmented forests (17.26 ± 0.83 t C ha−1) than in contiguous forests (21.62 ± 0.78 t C ha−1) (p < 0.001). Thus a total of 36% less carbon retained in tree biomass and soils in fragmented forests than in contiguous forests. Backward multiple linear regression analysis revealed tree density, tree height, tree DBH, height-diameter ratio (H/D) and tree species richness as influential factors of carbon variation in fragmented forests. All these structural parameters except tree species richness were significantly lower in fragmented forests, were positively associated with carbon storage and explained together 69% of the carbon storage variation. These findings suggest that the altered stand structure and tree allometry likely caused reduced carbon storage in fragmented forests and highlight the importance of landscape scale management intervention in the tropics. Here, we provided with the evidence of strong negative impact of forest fragmentation on carbon storage and argue that this effect should be in consideration which is currently overlooked in existing carbon accounting systems for tropical forests.

In temperate regions, slope aspect is one of the most influential drivers of environmental conditions at landscape level. The effect of aspect on vegetation has been well studied, but virtually nothing is known about how fungal communities are shaped by aspect-driven environmental conditions. I carried out DNA metabarcoding of fungi from soil samples taken in a selected study area of Pannonian forests in northern Hungary to compare richness and community composition of taxonomic and functional groups of fungi between slopes of predominantly southerly vs. northerly aspect. The deep sequence data presented here (i.e. 980 766 quality-filtered sequences) indicate that both niche (environmental filtering) and neutral (stochastic) processes shape fungal community composition at landscape level. Fungal community composition correlated strongly with aspect, with many fungi showing preference for either south-facing or north-facing slopes. Several taxonomic and functional groups showed significant differences in richness between north- and south-facing slopes and strong compositional differences were observed in all functional groups. The effect of aspect on fungal communities likely is mediated through contrasting mesoclimatic conditions, that in turn influence edaphic processes as well as vegetation. The compositional differences observed in fungi are largely consistent with the coenologically described forest types, which indicates the usefulness of these habitat types as a framework to better understand environmental differences that influence fungal community composition at landscape level. Finally, the data presented here provide unprecedented insights into the diversity and landscape-level community dynamics of fungi in the Pannonian forests.

The paper analyzes the structure of diversity in Collembola – an abundant group of small soil-dwelling arthropods. Collembola were studied in two regions of East European forest subzones: mid-boreal and boreo-nemoral. The study was carried out in ecological series of pine forests arranged along the moisture gradient: moist sphagnum, mesic green moss, and dry lichen types. The study was repeated in three locations of two subzones in different seasons and years. A fractal-based nested design was chosen for sampling. The hierarchical approach enabled taking account of the contributions made to the total collembolan gamma-diversity by lower-scale units: regions representing different forest subzones, locations within a region, sites within a location, as well as within-site patchiness. Each of these units was considered as an individual level of beta-diversity, and its contribution to the region's total collembolan diversity was calculated by additive partitioning.It was demonstrated that a square meter of the forest floor contained around a third of Collembola species known to inhabit East European pine forests. The structure of springtails diversity corresponds to the beta-type. The largest proportion to the total gamma-diversity was made by subzone-specific collembolan species compositions. The contributions of the location and site scales within the same subzone were equivalent. Analysis of time series showed that around a quarter of the species composition in a habitat is “replaced” across season and year series, in spite of the substantial sampling effort. The dependence of estimates of α- and β-components of diversity on the number of partitioning levels is discussed.

Tropical peatlands are very different from boreal and temperate regions, because they have particular climatic characteristics and different vegetation types. Similarly, high mountain peatlands differ significantly from those found at low altitudes. Lignin components were investigated as phyto-physiological proxies of landscape evolution in two big national environmental conservation parks of Southeastern Brazil. Lignin phenols showed a high degree of humification and indicated the same land-use for both forest parks, suggesting minimal anthropic intervention over the last 150 years, predominating native grasslands. However, total organic carbon (TOC) and total nitrogen (TN) parameters evidenced the influence of indirect effects of human activities, mainly from atmospheric deposition since 1950s, associated to the early Brazilian industrial development. This study reinforces the importance of protection and conservation to those pristine areas.

This study concerned the mid-term regeneration of the woody understory vegetation of pure and mixed stands of Pinus pinaster Ait. and Eucalyptus globulus Labill. in northern and central Portugal following wildfires in 2005 and 2006. Pine and eucalypt stands are the most widespread and most fire-prone forest types in Portugal. The main aim was to investigate the importance of biogeography, topography, forest type and post-fire management operations in explaining the patterns in shrub diversity (species richness) and abundance (cover). To this end, 284 study sites in four distinct biogeographic regions were sampled 5 to 7 years following the last wildfire. At each site, the presence and cover of individual shrub species were estimated using 4 sub-plot of approximately 10 m2 each. The entire data set was analyzed by means of GLM using a total of seven explanatory variables: biogeographic region, forest type, three types post-fire management operations (soil tillage, tree harvesting, and shrub clearance), and two topographic variables (slope angle and elevation). The GLM analysis was also done for the individual biogeographic regions.Biogeographic region and slope steepness were key factors explaining shrub species richness, albeit the role of slope angle was possibly linked to the intensity of past land use.Biogeographic region equally played a significant role in explaining the cover of all shrubs together as well as of the shrubs of Leguminosae and Cistaceae. All three types of post-fire management operations appeared to hamper the recovery of resprouters and Leguminosae, whereas just tree harvesting and shrub clearance (but not soil tillage) negatively affected the cover of seeder species. These impacts of post-fire management operations had a noticeable region-specific component, being more relevant in the less productive biogeographic regions.Also the role of forest type depended strongly on biogeographic region. It was only significant in the South Mediterranean region, where pine plantations had a higher total shrub cover as well as higher covers of seeders and Cistaceae. Possibly, however, this significant role of forest type could be due to the lower incidence of shrub clearance in the pine stands.

Electrofishing data are commonly collected to assess the status of salmonid populations. However, their interpretation can be challenging without a benchmark measure of abundance against which they can be compared, leading some practitioners to question the value of these data. Juvenile density models that relate salmonid abundance to habitat characteristics offer one approach for developing spatially explicit benchmark abundances. This study collated and analysed an electrofishing dataset for Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) collected across Scotland between 1997 and 2015. Habitat was characterised using landscape proxies, derived from large scale spatial datasets. A two stage modelling approach related (1) capture probability to landscape and other covariates (2) fish density to landscape and other covariates, having adjusted for differences in capture probability. Capture probability varied with monitoring organisation, year and region, responded modally to day of the year, and decreased with upstream catchment area, river distance to sea and gradient. Salmon density increased non-linearly with upstream catchment area and river distance to sea and decreased with the percentage of the riparian zone containing conifer trees. There was a south-north gradient in density, with higher densities in the north. The density model was used to develop benchmark salmon densities (reference conditions) that would be expected in river catchments that are relatively un-impacted by anthropogenic pressures and are associated with high spawner densities, resulting in near-saturation of available freshwater habitat. The benchmark densities were based on the fixed effects from the density model, excluding the effects of riparian conifer woodland and the south-north gradient, adjusted for the site-wise mean observed density in the dataset. Comparing catchment scale predictions of juvenile production against this benchmark (or some percentage of it) could provide a valuable assessment tool.

Wetlands are important ecosystems that provide many ecological benefits, and their quality and presence are protected by federal regulations. These regulations require wetland delineations, which can be costly and time-consuming to perform. Computer models can assist in this process, but lack the accuracy necessary for environmental planning-scale wetland identification. In this study, the potential for improvement of wetland identification models through modification of digital elevation model (DEM) derivatives, derived from high-resolution and increasingly available light detection and ranging (LiDAR) data, at a scale necessary for small-scale wetland delineations is evaluated. A novel approach of flow convergence modelling is presented where Topographic Wetness Index (TWI), curvature, and Cartographic Depth-to-Water index (DTW), are modified to better distinguish wetland from upland areas, combined with ancillary soil data, and used in a Random Forest classification. This approach is applied to four study sites in Virginia, implemented as an ArcGIS model. The model resulted in significant improvement in average wetland accuracy compared to the commonly used National Wetland Inventory (84.9% vs. 32.1%), at the expense of a moderately lower average non-wetland accuracy (85.6% vs. 98.0%) and average overall accuracy (85.6% vs. 92.0%). From this, we concluded that modifying TWI, curvature, and DTW provides more robust wetland and non-wetland signatures to the models by improving accuracy rates compared to classifications using the original indices. The resulting ArcGIS model is a general tool able to modify these local LiDAR DEM derivatives based on site characteristics to identify wetlands at a high resolution.

Chestnut woods are outstanding elements of European cultural landscapes, and are also recognised as habitats of interest in the Natura 2000 European network of protected areas. Despite their importance, they are threatened by land abandonment and recent rural landscape changes. The loss of Castanea sativa cover and its dominance as a characteristic species may indicate forest degradation, which can occur as a result of natural succession dynamics or invasion by alien species.In this study we aimed to model the conservation status of chestnut stands in the NW Iberian peninsula in terms of their environmental and cultural value, formulated as a quality index that considers the maturity and purity of forest stands. We used features available at wide geographic scales as potential predictors, namely topographic parameters derived from Digital Elevation Models, land-cover heterogeneity determined by means of satellite image texture and landscape metrics. According to the results, altitude emerged as a major factor determining chestnut stand quality, marking a clear difference between highland and lowland environments. The combination of terrain, texture and patch shape refined the classification of each of these scenarios. We discuss the significance of these predictors as environmental controls and indicators of anthropogenic effects.

Mangrove wetlands, which provide critical ecosystem services in tropical and subtropical coastal regions around the world, are increasingly threatened, with total mangrove area declining steeply in recent decades. Focusing on the mangrove wetlands of the Cayman Islands, we use remote sensing and spatial analysis to document past and project future trends of mangrove clearance, and 57 interviews with key business and political figures and members of environmental NGOs to shed light on the social forces driving these trends. The analysis shows a loss of approximately 27.9% of mangrove wetlands present in 1965 as of 2013 (7072.7 ha versus 9809.8 ha) on Grand Cayman. At this rate of loss, the island’s mangroves, excluding the 1668.9 ha of mangrove wetlands currently protected, could be lost by 2108. Analysis of the satellite and aerial images and the interview results suggest that the destruction of mangrove forests is attributable in part to consumption generated by Grand Cayman’s financial sector. The demand for real estate by international investors initially attracted by the island’s financial services, along with that of the professionals employed to provide these services, has been one of the key drivers of mangrove wetland clearance. Interview results suggest the hypothesis that these dynamics have persisted due to the alignment of political forces that has emerged in their defense: a state structurally-dependent on development fees for revenues and dependent for political support on landowners and the development and real estate industries.

Ethnopharmacological relevanceThis study aims to document the traditional knowledge on the use of medicinal plants in the neighborhood of the protected area “Parque Estadual da Cabeça do Cachorro”, a fragment of seasonal semideciduous forests. This vegetation is intensely fragmented and disturbed; despite its importance there are few records of the traditional knowledge of medicinal species.Material and methodsTwenty-four residents in the neighborhood of the protected area “Parque Estadual da Cabeça do Cachorro” were interviewed. The residents were questioned about preparation techniques, recommended doses, ways of administration and healing properties of various parts of the plants and were invited to walk through the park to collect in situ some species of plants. The recognized medicinal species were identified and traditional knowledge was systematized. Quantitative indices (Informant Consensus Factor – FIC and Use Value – UV) were calculated.Results115 species of medicinal plants belonging to 54 botanical families were cited. Asteraceae (n=14), Fabaceae (n=11), Myrtaceae (n=6), Bignoniaceae, Solanaceae and Verbenaceae (n=5) were the most species-rich. The highest use values were calculated for Achyrocline satureioides, Aristolochia triangularis and Bauhinia forficata (0.63). Moreover, the informants consensus about usages of medicinal plants ranges from 0.024 to 0.663, which shows high level of agreements among the informants for gastro-intestinal and respiratory system diseases. Furthermore, for the first time, new traditional medicinal uses of Asteraceae (Chromolaena pedunculosa Hook. & Arn.), Commelinaceae (Tradescantia fluminensis Vell.) and Polypodiaceae (Microgramma vacciniifolia Langsd. & Fisch.) species were reported.ConclusionsPresent study revealed that the residents of the surrounding region of forest fragments of Paraná are rich in ethno-medicinal knowledge and rely on plant-based remedies for common health problems. As in many parts of Brazil knowledge of the past is combined with new knowledge that has recently been incorporated emphasizing the cultural changes that this area is experiencing. Despite the use of different species of plants are crucial to their way of life, there is concern that these rich popular knowledge may disappear in the future as a result of a possible modernization of this area.

Despite major progress in deciphering the amphibian tree of life by molecular phylogenetics, we identified two questions remaining to be answered regarding relationships within Hyloidea, the clade of South American origin that comprises most extant anuran diversity. A few genera like Rupirana and Crossodactylodes have enigmatic phylogenetic positions, and relationships among major lineages within some families like Leptodactylidae remain ambiguous. To resolve these specific questions we used two approaches (1) a complete matrix approach representing >6.6 kb, including most major Hyloidea lineages (61 terminals) combining different methods of phylogenetic reconstruction and measures of node support; and (2) a supermatrix approach >11.6 kb with a focus on Leptodactylidae. Both Rupirana and Crossodactylodes are unambiguously grouped with Paratelmatobius and Scythrophrys. The clade comprising these four genera is named Crossodactylodinae and embedded within Leptodactylidae. Crossodactylodinae is moderately supported as sister group of Leptodactylinae from (1) and as the sister group of the other Leptodactylidae from (2) with low support. Genera within Crossodactylodinae are scattered along a north–south axis in the Atlantic forest and their origins are very ancient (Paleocene). Such results stress the importance of the northern Atlantic forest in terms of conservation. Moreover, the position of Pseudopaludicola, which is well supported as the sister group to all other Leiuperinae, suggests that foam-nest building may have arisen independently in Leptodactylinae and Leiuperinae. Moreover, in spite of being of similar age, foam-nest builders are more widespread than nonfoam-nest breeders and have higher species diversity. Nevertheless, the bulk of the diversity within foam-nest breeders arose some 20 Myr later than the character itself.

Understanding how urban forests developed their current patterns of tree canopy cover, species composition, and diversity requires an appreciation of historical legacy effects. However, analyses of current urban forest characteristics are often limited to contemporary socioeconomic factors, overlooking the role of history. The institutions, human communities, and biophysical conditions of cities change over time, creating layers of legacies on the landscape, shifting urban forests through complex interactive processes and feedbacks. Urban green spaces and planted trees can persist long after their establishment, meaning that today’s mature canopy reflects conditions and decisions from many years prior. In this synthesis article, we discuss some of the major historical human and biophysical drivers and associated legacy effects expressed in present urban forest patterns, highlighting examples in the United States and Canada. The bioregional context – native biome, climate, topography, initial vegetation, and pre-urbanization land use – represents the initial conditions in which a city established and grew, and this context influences how legacy effects unfold. Human drivers of legacy effects can reflect specific historical periods: colonial histories related to the symbolism of certain species, and the urban parks and civic beautification movements. Other human drivers include phenomena that cut across time periods such as neighborhood urban form and socioeconomic change. Biophysical legacy effects include the consequences of past disturbances such as extreme weather events and pest and disease outbreaks. Urban tree professionals play a major role in many legacy effects by mediating the interactions and feedbacks between biophysical and human drivers. We emphasize the importance of historical perspectives to understand past drivers that have produced current urban forest patterns, and call for interdisciplinary and mixed methods research to unpack the mechanisms of long-term urban forest change at intra- and inter-city scales.

Here, we describe two new flatworm species of the genera Obama Carbayo et al., 2013 and Notogynaphallia Ogren & Kawakatsu, 1990 (Geoplaninae) found in riverine forests of central-eastern Argentina. Obama maculatentis sp. nov., which is about 50 mm in length, is characterized by black olive pigmentation on the dorsum, with two irregular rows of black spots, and light grey ventral surface. The eyes, with clear halos, extend to the dorsal surface. The foremost features of the copulatory apparatus include dorsal testes anterior to ovaries, extrabulbar prostatic vesicle with forked proximal portion, protrusible penis, male atrium with a large dorsal fold separating it from the female atrium, ovovitelline ducts ascending at the level of the gonopore, common ovovitelline duct dorsal to the distal portion of the female atrium, female canal ventro-anteriorly flexed, and female atrium with narrow lumen. Notogynaphallia fortuita sp. nov., which is about 30 mm in length, is characterized by beige ground pigmentation with tiny darker spots, cephalic region saffron yellow, and ventral surface light grey. The eyes, with small clear halos, extend to the dorsal surface. Regarding the internal anatomy, this new species shows parenchymatic musculature not organized in discrete layers, testes arising near the anterior end of the body, distal sperm ducts traversing the common muscle coat and joining in a short common sperm duct. The areas in which the land planarians were found represent the southernmost latitudes with representatives of the Interior Atlantic Forest (Paranaense Rainforest) biota, hence their biogeographical and conservation significance.

The natural and cultural landscapes of the Northern Coast of São Paulo State (Brazil) are threatened by increasing urban growth, as a result of inefficient land use management and fast population growth. Our work analysed land use/cover changes (LULCC) between 1985 and 2015 at 5 year intervals, to describe and understand the main processes and drivers of landscape change. LULCC were mapped using Landsat images and geographic object-based image analysis (GEOBIA), based on the Random Forests supervised algorithm. Over 30 years, we show a dichotomic trend for the two main land change trajectories: forest persistence and fast urban growth. We found only 8% of forest disturbance within the State Parks, while dense urban settlements grew 163% outside the park, mainly replacing rural uses. We estimate that all available land for human settlement may be occupied by 2030 as a result of this fast urban growth. Our study exemplifies a likely pattern of land use change for coastal regions, with fast urban growth driven by economic interests in transforming these regions into urban and touristic hubs, clashing with environmental policies for forest conservation and afforestation. The history of LULCC in the Northern Coast of São Paulo State has resulted in several land use conflicts in the present, especially when considering fast urban growth versus a very large proportion of areas where no human settlement is permitted. This complex combination of drivers has led to rural depopulation and decrease in small-scale agricultural uses, reducing the diversity and functionality of the studied landscape.

Traditional approaches to conservation often focus on plant species composition. In contrast, trait-based approaches highlight the role plant species play in ecosystem function, with a focus on functional diversity and its importance for ecosystem resilience. Here we utilise a plant-trait approach to explore the association between livestock grazing intensity and plant functional diversity in Atlantic oak woodlands, a conservation priority habitat. In two historically un-grazed woodlands (subject to periods of light sheep grazing in winter) paired with two grazed woodlands (intensively grazed by sheep or feral goats), in north-west Wales, UK, field plant-trait data were recorded in three (30 × 4 m) plots per woodland for trees, saplings and understory plants. For trees and saplings, plant-trait data from the field (specific leaf area (SLA) and leaf dry matter content (LDMC)) were combined with plant tolerance indices from the scientific literature (shade, drought and water-logging tolerance) and used to calculate community weighted means (CWM) and functional diversity for plot-level communities. Three plant traits (LDMC, mean foliage height and growth form) and two Ellenberg indices (light and moisture) were combined to calculate CWM and functional diversity for understory plant communities. Tree and sapling communities from grazed woodlands were characterised by response traits associated with grazing avoidance strategies (high LDMC, low SLA), and higher shade – and drought-tolerance scores but lower water-logging-tolerance scores than in un-grazed woodlands. Tree and sapling communities in the un-grazed woodlands had greater seedling establishment, sapling recruitment and functional diversity than in the grazed woodlands. Plant-trait values and functional diversity did not differ with grazing intensity for understory plants. Land managers are increasingly being asked to manage semi-natural habitats for ‘resilience to future events’ such as droughts or floods. Here we demonstrate how a plant-trait approach, including assessment of community-level tolerance indices, allows us to infer potential associations between grazing management, functional diversity and ecosystem resilience.

Topography is one of the key factors controlling soil erosion and redistribution of pedogenic material along slope. Land cover change can have an accelerating or retarding impact on topographically-controlled soil erosion rates, depending on the type and intensity of land use and management. In this study, we investigated the combined effect of hillslope gradient and land cover change on soil redistribution and rejuvenation in a subtropical region where Atlantic rain forest was converted to agricultural land. We used a two versus two factorial design, and evaluated the effect of hillslope gradient (steep vs. gentle) and land cover (forest vs. cropland) on the spatial pattern of soil weathering degree along slope. In four soil toposequences, soil weathering indices (Total Reserve in Bases, Chemical Index of Alteration, clay content, iron oxide content) and mineralogical assemblages were used to express genetic and morphological differences among soil profiles. Our data showed that the spatial differentiation in chemical weathering degree along slope is strongly dependent on the hillslope gradient: while the gentle slopes show negligible differences in chemical weathering degree along slope, the steep slopes show clear spatial differences. Besides, there is an interaction effect between hillslope gradient and land cover. Forest conversion to cropland enhances erosion-driven soil redistribution with a marked effect on soil rejuvenation along steep slopes but no clear effect along gentle slopes. The comparative study based on four toposequences highlights that accelerated soil erosion after conversion of forests to cropland has further enhanced lateral soil fluxes and redistribution of topsoil material along steep slopes, and led to soil rejuvenation and exposure of less weathered soil material at the eroding sites.

Early-successional forests are ephemeral and distinct forest communities, maintained by disturbance and dominated by small-sized trees and shrubs. These structural and compositional conditions form a unique habitat that is preferred by many wildlife species. Various sources have indicated that there have been declines in early-successional forest area and in the populations of many wildlife species associated with these habitats across the northeast. Results of the Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Program from four survey occasions were summarized for 11 states in the northeastern United States to identify recent trends in the area of early-successional forests. Early-successional forests were defined as sapling/seedling-size and non-stocked-size timberland. The area of total forest land has remained relatively constant in the northeast; however, the area of early-successional forests has declined since the first forest surveys (ca. 1950). Losses were greater in the coastal states than among interior states. The area of early-successional forest among coastal areas is approaching or below conditions that are estimated to have existed under disturbance regimes occurring prior to European settlement of the northeast; for interior areas, the current area of early-successional forest still exceeds estimated historic conditions. The majority of forest land in the northeastern United States have been privately owned by individuals since European settlement; this ownership pattern has affected forest change more than natural disturbances. Population increases in the northeast over the last 50 years have not resulted in the loss of forest land to residential and associated developments. However, the fragmentation of forest ownerships (i.e. parcelization) into ever smaller ownerships has imposed social and logistic restrictions on forest management options. The creation and maintenance of sufficient early-successional forests to sustain wildlife populations dependent on this habitat will require active intervention and management.

We show how spatial variability in channel bed morphology affects the hydraulic characteristics of river reaches available to Atlantic salmon parr (Salmo salar) under different flow conditions in an upland stream. The study stream, the Girnock Burn, is a long-term monitoring site in the Scottish Highlands. Six site characterised by different bed geometry and morphology were investigated. Detailed site bathymetries were collected and combined with discharge time series in a 2D hydraulic model to obtain spatially distributed depth-averaged velocities under different flow conditions. Available habitat (AH) was estimated for each site. Stream discharge was used according to the critical displacement velocity (CDV) approach. CDV defines a velocity threshold above which salmon parr are not able to hold station and effective feeding opportunities or habitat utilization are reduced, depending on fish size and water temperature. An average value of the relative available habitat (< RAH >) for the most significant period for parr growth - April to May - was used for inter-site comparison and to analyse temporal variations over 40 years. Results show that some sites are more able than others to maintain zones where salmon parr can forage unimpeded by high flow velocities under both wet and dry conditions. With lower flow velocities, dry years offer higher values of < RAH > than wet years. Even though < RAH > can change considerably across the sites as stream flow changes, the directions of change are consistent. Relative available habitat (RAH) shows a strong relationship with discharge per unit width, whilst channel slope and bed roughness either do not have relevant impact or compensate each other. The results show that significant parr habitat was available at all sites across all flows during this critical growth period, suggesting that hydrological variability is not a factor limiting growth in the Girnock.

We evaluated temporal variation and quality of food resources available to birds especially in two energy-demanding seasons: one when there is a peak of molting residents and another when non-breeding individuals are the bulk of biomass of captured birds. Birds were captured and observed, as well as fruits counted and collected, in two restinga sites for 2 years. Molting resident birds may rely basically on the regularly produced Clusia hilariana and Erythroxylum spp. fruits as lipid-sources, while non-breeders count on Ocotea notata fruits (also rich in lipids) during their passage by the study site. We found that fruits with sugars, lipids or proteins were available throughout the whole period, but a more intense seasonal variation was observed for the before mentioned plant species. The birds studied are known to be potential seed dispersers of these plant species, which are important components of restinga plant community structure.

The Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) is a species of significant economic and historic importance but infamous for its decline. Apart from overfishing, the causes of this decline and its subsequent lack of recovery remain largely unresolved. Indeed, the degree to which specific habitats are important for this species remains unquantified at the scale of North Atlantic. Here, the literature on the role of eelgrass meadows (Zostera marina) as valuable nursery habitat for the Atlantic cod is reviewed and synthesized. Evidence is presented on relative densities of Atlantic cod in shallow water environments and in eelgrass meadows in comparison to alternative habitats. In addition, evidence pertaining to the ’viability gains’ attributed to the use of eelgrass meadows as nursery habitat (growth and survival) by juvenile Atlantic cod is analyzed. Although juvenile Atlantic cod use of Z. marina is found to be facultative, when possible, available literatures indicates that they may select Z. marina as a nursery habitat where they are found in high density (average of at least 246 ha−1). From their use of Z. marina habitat the juvenile Atlantic cod receives viability benefits from it, improving their chances of reaching maturation. This paper provides strong evidence that eelgrass meadows are of significant importance to contributing to Atlantic cod stocks.

In recent decades, the number and extent of protected areas (PAs) have increased, covering >10% of the Earth. However, protection tends to be residual because PAs have been consistently established on marginal lands that minimize costs and conflicts with extractive uses instead of focusing on places important to biodiversity. Here, we provide a panorama of the current network of PAs in Brazil, examine the biases of protection in relation to slope and land use intensity, and determine whether biases vary between biomes. We measured protection bias by accounting for differences between PAs and the municipalities in which they were established, indicating the direction and strength of bias. Brazil has 18% of its land under protection, but 70% of this is in the Amazon. Brazil's other biomes hardly reach 10% of their territories under protection and have strong protection bias. Generally, PAs are strongly biased towards lands with low intensity of use before they were established compared to their background landscapes. There was a small bias towards high slope, but most PAs had the same slope profile as their background landscapes. Trusting percentages of area under protection as a measure of conservation success risks misdirecting conservation actions to areas of lower biological importance and lower threat. To promote effective conservation actions more evidence-informed strategies should be used, based on appropriate ecological criteria and explicit objectives that allow us to measure the likely conservation impacts.

Fragmented forests are under threat worldwide. Understanding fruiting phenology of these is important in terms of food supply to frugivores, particularly avifauna, which can move varying distances between forest fragments. Fragmentation can affect tree species' diversity, which in turn determines fruit availability and quality. Many forest types have predictable, synchronous fruiting which is often linked to climatic cues. However, some forest types show no seasonality in fruiting and have varying fruit outputs between years. We investigated the fruiting phenology of four forest fragments in the Ngele Mistbelt Forest complex, which forms part of the Eastern Mistbelt Forests in KwaZulu-Natal, using fruit-fall traps. We hypothesized that fruit availability would vary with forest fragment size and with season. Fruiting in three of the forest fragments did not show seasonal fruiting trends and had increased fruiting in late summer and autumn months. Middlebrook showed trends. Fruiting varied significantly between months for all fragments, and where annual variation was observed trends were insignificant. The number of fruiting species per fragment varied significantly and numbers of fruiting species per fragment per month were generally low. Tree species varied in their fruiting patterns between fragments and fruiting of Afrocarpus/Podocarpus trees and the implications for endemic, endangered Cape Parrots are discussed as an example. In summary, these forests have variable and unpredictable fruiting between fragments. These results highlight the need to conserve forest fragments of varying sizes as a network to provide a year round supply of fruits to frugivores.

Soil microbial community function is influenced, among other factors, by the chemical composition of C substrates, which in turn is dependent on the overlying tree species and the soil environmental conditions. The aim of this study was to examine how different dominant forest species and soil properties are related to soil microbial community level physiological profiles (CLPPs) in temperate forests. Forest floor properties and physico-chemical properties of the topsoil (0–30 cm) and the subsoil (30–60 cm) were studied in National Forest Inventory (NFI) plots differing in the dominant tree species (Quercus robur L., Fagus sylvatica L., Quercus ilex L. and Pinus radiata D. Don) but affected by similar climatic conditions. Soil microbial functional activity was assessed by the MicroResp analytical system. The only forest floor properties that differed significantly under different tree species were the concentrations of Ca, Mg and K. The forest floor of oak plots was characterized by higher concentrations of Mg and K, and the forest floor in holm oak plots by higher concentrations of Ca than in the other stands. Holm oak plots were also characterized by significantly higher concentrations of topsoil organic matter, nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium than beech, oak and pine, as well as a higher cation exchange capacity. Substrate C respiration was always higher for carboxylic acids than other substrates and the activity of soil microbial communities was higher under beech and holm oak than under oak and pine. The Mantel partial test and forward stepwise regression revealed that the soil microbial activity in the topsoil was mainly related to the topsoil N concentration. Most of the variation in CLPP in the subsoil was related to the concentration of Ca and pH in the subsoil. In conclusion, the soil microbial functional activity was related to both forest species and soil properties

Indonesia experienced massive deforestation in the last decades where rapid oil palm expansion has been considered as one of the main drivers. This article shows that the process of deforestation and the rapid oil palm expansion cannot be viewed in isolation from broader development contexts. Various actors at local, national, and global levels have used development narratives and poverty alleviation through various policies and institutional setting to create spaces and opportunities for oil palm development. These actors also deliberately created the notion of forest crisis by omitting the values of forest environmental services to justify forest conversion into oil palm plantations. These multiple factors shaped the speed and the direction of oil palm expansion in Indonesia. This rapid oil palm expansion in Indonesia has resulted in massive LUCC and serious environmental problems. Given these complexities, a single policy will not be sufficient when it comes to managing the consequences of rapid oil palm expansion in Indonesia.

Mountaintop rupestrian grasslands or campos rupestres are unique ecosystems with high plant biodiversity. The southern Espinhaço mountains in Brazil are particularly important because they currently harbor 255 threatened plant species at risk of extinction owing to overspread farming, mining and uncontrolled fire in the region. Using the best available data on the distribution of these threatened species, distribution of farming and mining activities, and up-to-date data on fire frequency, here we developed a systematic conservation plan for all these species and pinpointed priority regions for taking different conservation actions. We found that it is possible to protect, on average, more than 25% of the threatened species ranges, avoiding sites with extensive use for farming and mining and favoring areas with intensive fire frequency while constraining the management to a relatively small area of only 17% of the region. The analysis accounts for what is already protected within protected areas in the region and is, therefore, complementary to the work already held by the actors and environmental organizations of the region. We offer maps of priority areas with their respective level of protection and suggest conservation actions at different levels of engagement to be implemented in the priority areas. These priority areas are part of a national species recovery plan for the region in Brazil and will likely support stakeholders and decision makers in its application in the forthcoming years.

Forest fragmentation changes the structure of natural landscapes causing shifts on the distribution and abundance of plant species that could lead to population extinctions. The tree palm Astrocaryum mexicanum is one of the most abundant plant species in the Los Tuxtlas region, Mexico. Nevertheless, 95% of the original rain forest in this region has disappeared, and remaining palm populations are present within landscapes that differ in their conservation status. To identify the landscape (e.g., amount of forest cover, fragment size, fragment shape and isolation) and vegetation (e.g., plant species richness, density and basal area) attributes that could influence the adult population size of A. mexicanum, we analyzed 45 forest fragments (<1–266 ha) distributed in three landscapes that encompassed different levels of fragmentation, and compared with the population inhabiting the Los Tuxtlas Field Station (700 ha). Fragmentation affected the population size of A. mexicanum, with the smaller, most isolated and irregular forest fragments showing the lower number of individuals. The importance value index of A. mexicanum was greater in the most conserved landscape. Furthermore, palm density was positively correlated with species richness, density and basal area of old-growth forest species, but negatively correlated with richness of secondary forest species. Overall, the strong decline in population size of adult reproductive palms may affect the regeneration and genetic diversity of this species increasing its probability of extinction. The loss of this species from the remaining fragments may have dramatic consequence for the ecological functioning of this system.

In the context of global change, the assessment of the past history and current dynamics of forest species is essential for improving our knowledge of the settlement and evolution of the present-day landscape. Several paleoecological approaches are well suited for reconstructing past landscapes and Holocene dynamics. Today, the subalpine forest of Queyras is composed primarily of larch, with lesser proportions of stone pine, mountain pine and fir. During the Holocene, the subalpine forest was subject to natural disturbances, particularly fires. By the end of the Atlantic period, human perturbations resulting from agro-sylvo-pastoral practices became an important factor, and this factor serves to explain the landscape dynamics and the dominance of certain woody species. In this study, a pedoanthracological approach was used to enhance existing knowledge of the history of forest species and to reach a good understanding of the processes that have shaped the current floristic assemblage.The results of the analyses of soil charcoal performed in this study provide the following new information: (i) a longer Holocene history for larch and stone pine, (ii) a lack of evidence for a natural presence of fir and (iii) a long-term history for Scots pine. The dates obtained reveal the early occurrence of recolonization by stone pine and larch following the last glaciation. The charcoals analyzed demonstrate the overall presence of stone pine, which is found throughout the studied history of the area. In terms of the changes presently occurring, among which both the abandonment of human land-use practices and climate change are especially important, the current conditions at mid-high altitudes might potentially allow the establishment of larch forests for a long period as preclimax ecosystems. The low frequency of fir in charcoal samples raises questions about the status and possible presence of fir in the past despite palynological evidence.

The Tropical Atlantic Rain Forest is a biome of high diversity and endemism of plant genetic resources. High diversity of bromeliad species occurs in this biome, but part of them is now endangered. Tissue culture based techniques comprise valuable tools for the mass propagation and conservation of endangered bromeliads. In the present work the in vitro regenerative system based on the induction and development of NC from nodal segments of Billbergia zebrina showed different morphogenetic features from those observed in organogenesis and somatic embryogenesis. Different levels of TDZ, NAA, and 2i-P promoted the induction of NC with different morphologies and regenerative potential. NC induced in response to 0.01 μM of TDZ and subcultured on BM free of PGR resulted in high regenerative frequency. NC originated from BM supplemented with TDZ (0.1 μM) when subcultured on BM with NAA (2 μM) and 2-iP (4 μM) resulted in higher mean number of shoots. Elongated shoots were successfully acclimatized in ex vitro conditions and derived plantlets had normal phenotype. Histological analyses revealed the morphogenesis of the NC related to organization of the meristematic zone in the subepidermic region composed by organized layers with small and isodyametric cells followed by the induction of shoot buds. SEM analysis showed that the induction of NC occurred from the basal region of the explants.

Bromeliaceae is a Neotropical family that evolved ecological key innovations in association with extensive adaptive radiation. Its species present a variety of different mating system strategies varying within and among species, within genera and subfamilies. Also, species with a wide geographical range can display large variation in mating system, reproductive success and genetic diversity. Here we combined data from hand pollinations and genetic analysis to assess outcomes of contemporary gene flow and mating system variation at the range edge of Vriesea gigantea. Results from pollen germination rates showed that this species is cryptically self-incompatible. Hand-pollination experiments and genetic analysis of progeny arrays revealed that V. gigantea has a mixed mating system, with high selfing rates (s = 0.612), and high inbreeding coefficient (F = 0.372). Inbreeding in V. gigantea at southern edge of its distribution range was caused by high levels of selfing rather than by mating among relatives. Moreover, strong pollen pool genetic structure was observed (Φ’FT = 0.671), with an increase from north to south. The parameters observed help us to understand historical and ecological conditions under which V. gigantea has experienced moderate to high levels of selfing in the face of reduced pollen flow from central to peripheral populations due to recent southward range expansion.

The research deals with a study of local fractality in spatial distribution of forest fires in Portugal using the sandbox method. The general procedure is the following: (a) define a circle centred in each and all events with increasing radius R; (b) count the number of other events located within the circle of radius R, N(R); (c) plot the growth curve which is the functional dependence of N(R) versus R; and (d) estimate the local fractal dimension as the slope on log[N(R)] versus log[R]. The computation is carried out by using the location of every fire event as a centre but without the final averaging over all the fires for a given R, which is usually performed to get a global fractal dimension and to estimate global clustering. Sandbox method is widely used in many applications in physics and other subjects. The local procedure has the ability to provide the most complete information regarding the spatial distribution of clustering and avoiding non-homogeneity and non-stationarity problems. Most of the analysis was performed using the National Mapping Burnt Area (NMBA) database which accounts for 32 156 fires during the 1975–2013 period. The results of local analysis are compared with a randomly generated pattern in forest zones (validity domain). The results demonstrate interesting local spatial patterns of clustering. Some results on global measures are reported as well.

Ornithological research from the Bartlett Experimental Forest in New Hampshire, U.S.A. has provided information useful for developing management practices for northern hardwoods forests and understanding factors affecting avian populations. This work also serves to illustrate numerous features and characteristics of experimental forests that facilitate research. One example is opportunities for long-term and interdisciplinary research, illustrated by the application of a 25-year data set on snag longevity collected as part of a silvicultural experiment to evaluate habitat conditions for cavity nesting birds. Experimental forests also provide a conduit for information to managers by virtue of their collocation with U.S National Forests (Stoleson and King, this issue). At the time bird research was initiated on the Bartlett Experimental Forest the potential for forest management to fragment habitat in forested landscapes in the northeast U.S.A. was unknown, because the only studies on this topic were from the Midwest or Mid-Atlantic States where forest patches are isolated by agricultural or suburban development. Research on the Bartlett Experimental Forest has provided managers with region-specific information on the potential for silviculture and associated development to fragment forests, indicating that unlike less forested landscapes, cowbirds (Molothrus ater) are rare, and that edges created by forest roads in extensively forested landscapes have little effect on mature forest birds. Research from the Bartlett Experimental Forest has also provided guidance to managers for providing habitat for shrubland birds, both in terms of silvicultural prescriptions (Yamasaki et al., in preparation) and patch area (Costello et al., 2000). Experimental Forests also provide access to facilities and infrastructure, such as road networks, laboratory space and housing, to facilitate research requiring frequent access to sites, such as radio telemetry investigations (King et al., 2006, Chandler, 2006).

The purpose of this study is to evaluate temporal trends in changes in vegetation patterns within the Sooretama Biological Reserve and its surroundings, located in Espirito Santo State, Brazil. The evaluation will be performed using the EVI and NDVI index of the MODIS sensor, the Mann-Kendall monotonic trend, Seasonal Trend Analysis methods, and monitoring drought events through the VCI drought index for the years 2007 through 2015. The tools utilized were the EVI and NDVI indexes of the MOD13Q1 product and LST from the MOD11A2 product. These indices were used in order to represent the dynamics of the study area biomass and then to analyze the drought occurrence using the index best-suited to the area of study, identified as VCI. The temporal trends in the data set were examined, pixel by pixel, by application of the Mann-Kendall monotonic technique, treating each pixel in space as a one-dimensional temporal series of 16-day cycles. To evaluate the seasonal trend, the analysis used the STA technique (Seasonal Trend Analysis) implemented in the ETM module. The characterization and spatial distribution of drought events were performed through the Vegetation Condition Index (VCI). The use of (a) images and seasonal curves produced by the monotonic trend of Mann-Kendall and (b) analysis of seasonal trends generated the response of the vegetation to climate variations. The VCI indicated a potential for drought occurrence analysis in regions and areas with different vegetation densities. So, the VCI can be used as a powerful tool to compose a comprehensive and early system alert of drought that can accompany the changes in spatial coverage of vegetation and severity of change. Lastly, the analysis of the data from the MODIS NDVI, EVI, and TST images indicated that the data is suitable to a space-time analysis of drought occurrences and vegetation trends.

Some of the greatest forest health impacts in North America are caused by invasive forest insects and pathogens (e.g., emerald ash borer and sudden oak death in the US), by severe outbreaks of native pests (e.g., mountain pine beetle in Canada), and fires exacerbated by changing climate. Ozone and N and S pollutants continue to impact the health of forests in several regions of North America. Long-term monitoring of forest health indicators has facilitated the assessment of forest health and sustainability in North America. By linking a nationwide network of forest health plots with the more extensive forest inventory, forest health experts in the US have evaluated current trends for major forest health indicators and developed assessments of future risks. Canada and Mexico currently lack nationwide networks of forest health plots. Development and expansion of these networks is critical to effective assessment of future forest health impacts.

Determining species extinction risk and its drivers is a major goal for conservation biology. The IUCN Red List is widely used for classifying extinction-risk and prioritizing conservation action. However, this system has been acknowledged as biased and complementary approaches are strongly recommended to achieve more reliable conclusions on conservation priorities. Species traits, often perceived as determinant for resiliency to disturbances, have been used to identify potentially vulnerable species, even when data are scarce (e.g. Data Deficient species). We provide an integrative and cost-effective framework for predicting species extinction-risk using data on 195 anurans from the Brazilian Cerrado. We used IUCN population trend and expert-perceived vulnerability to habitat alteration as response variables, to identify traits associated to increased extinction-risk. We used species traits, threat pressure and geographic range to determine which species and areas should have higher conservation priority. We found the IUCN extinction-risk to be underestimated, as many species categorized as LC or DD are actually sensitive and/or declining. We identified breeding site, habitat and clutch size as predictors of anuran extinction risk. We found that > 70% of the biome's anurans have major protection gaps, incurring in high extinction-risk. The southwest and central regions of the biome are the main hotspots for high extinction-risk species and should be prioritized for conservation. Our framework may be particularly valuable to assess extinction-risk and prioritize conservation action regarding less studied taxa and regions with high anthropogenic pressure, but weak government support and scarce funding.

The Brazilian state has demonstrated an interest in preserving the natural heritage by expanding Brazil's system of protected areas (PAs), well-known internationally. Even so, as in other countries, despite a growing number of conservation initiatives, the state often opts to change a PA's management category into one less restrictive due to the population conflicts regarding to the land use. However, management category changes occur without there being any evaluation of the effects of the subsequent legal status, that is, of its ability to produce the anticipated result, to enable better direction of public policies and conservation initiatives. Accordingly, the aim of this study was to measure the conservation success of a PA, comparing its land use and cover change over time in different management categories. The study area was the Despraiado region (São Paulo, Brazil), which belonged to three PA management categories over 45 years and was subject to environmental protection under various legal instruments. The effectiveness of legal protection was interpreted by spatial changes in land use, or land use and cover changes, as well as crop rotation indices and analysis of the temporal stability of the landscape. We confirmed that the legal environmental restrictions were never fully complied with and the landscape observed remained distant from its conservation scenario proposed, independently of the PA management category and despite the long process of establishment as an area to be protected.

A combination of stomach content analyses and dual stable isotope analyses was used to reveal the trophic ecology of Atlantic seabob shrimp Xiphopenaeus kroyeri off the coast of Suriname. This coastal penaeid shrimp species has a rather omnivorous diet, feeding opportunistically on both animal prey and primary food sources. The species is a predator of hyperbenthic crustaceans, including copepods, amphipods and the luciferid shrimp Lucifer faxoni, which are mainly preyed upon during daytime, when these prey typically reside near the seabed. Benthic microalgae (BM) from intertidal mudflats and offshore sedimentary organic matter (SOM) were important primary food sources. Due to their depleted 13C values, coastal sedimentary and suspended organic matter, and carbon from riverine and mangrove-derived detritus were not incorporated by X. kroyeri. An ontogenetic diet shift was observed from postlavae to juveniles and adults. Adult X. kroyeri were located higher in the food chain, mainly preying on larger benthic organisms. Intertidal BM were an important food source for all life stages of X. kroyeri, contributing up to 64% to the overall diet based on a Bayesian mixing model. Because X. kroyeri is the main epibenthic organism found at high densities in nearshore waters up to 30 m depth, the species plays a crucial role in transferring energy from low trophic level prey and primary food sources up to higher levels in the food chain. Our results indicate that primary production on intertidal mudflats, through BM, forms an important energy source for the subtidal turbid-water food web in muddy tropical coasts. Conservation of intertidal areas and their associated mangrove systems will therefore likely benefit coastal shrimp production and fisheries in tropical ecosystems.

Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD) is likely to be central to a post-Kyoto climate change mitigation agreement. As such, identifying conditions and factors that will shape the success or failure of a reduced deforestation scheme will provide important insights for policy planning. Given that protected areas (PAs) are a cornerstone in forest conservation, we draw on interviews and secondary data to analyze the effects of available PA resources, governance ability, the level of community involvement, and provincial deforestation rates on land-cover change in nine PAs in Panama. Our results illustrate that coupling surveillance measures with greater funding and strong governance are paramount to reducing deforestation. Alone, however, these factors are insufficient for forest protection. We argue that conservation approaches that complement effective surveillance with community participation and equitable benefit sharing will address the wider issues of leakage and permanence.

Populations of white-lipped peccaries, Tayassu pecari, have already been extirpated or drastically reduced in much of the Neotropics, but are still relatively abundant in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso, the country's largest maize and soy producer. This article synthesises over a decade of experience both visiting farms which experienced crop damage and working with hunters, farmers and technicians who live in areas of conflict with T. pecari. These social ungulates feed within maize plantations bordering forest fragments during the entire cultivation cycle and farmers in Mato Grosso vociferously protest the severe economic losses they cause. To protect their crops from damage, farmers slaughter white-lipped peccaries using firearms, traps and mass poisoning. We also draw attention to the need to mitigate the damage caused in agricultural frontiers by this ecologically important species, such that it is not decimated as it has been in the Caatinga and Atlantic Forest biomes.

Global biodiversity is threatened by unsustainable exploitation for subsistence and commerce, and tropical forests are facing a hunting crisis. In Central African forests, hunting pressure has been quantified by monitoring changes in the abundance of affected species and by studying wild meat consumption, trade and hunter behaviour. However, a proportion of offtake is also discarded as bycatch or consumed by hunters when working, which can be overlooked by these methods. For example, remains of hornbills and raptors are found regularly in hunting camps but relatively few birds are consumed in households or traded in markets. Hornbill and raptor populations are sensitive to small increases in mortality because of their low intrinsic population growth rates, however, the scale and socioeconomic drivers of the cryptic hunting pressure affecting these species have not been quantified. We used direct and indirect questioning and mixed-effects models to quantify the socioeconomic predictors, scale and seasonality of illegal bird hunting and consumption in Littoral Region, Cameroon. We predicted that younger, unemployed men with low educational attainment (i.e. hunters) would consume birds more often than other demographics, and that relative offtake would be higher than expected based on results from village and market-based studies. We found that birds were primarily hunted and consumed by unemployed men during the dry season but, in contrast to expectations, we found that hunting prevalence increased with educational attainment. Within unemployed men educated to primary level (240 of 675 respondents in 19 villages), we estimated an average of 29 hornbills and eight raptors (compared with 19 pangolins) were consumed per month during the study period (Feb–Jun 2015) in a catchment of c.1135 km2. We conclude that large forest birds face greater hunting pressure than previously recognised, and birds are a regular source of protein for men during unemployment. Offtake levels may be unsustainable for some raptors and hornbills based on life history traits but in the absence of sufficient baseline ecological and population data we recommend that a social-ecological modeling approach is used in future to quantify hunting sustainability.

The implementation of conservation strategies for species and habitats is frequently hampered by the availability of the necessary resources. These should be prioritized and focused on those species and habitats most in need, but also in regard to the importance of their distribution in a certain region, country or other administrative unit. In that perspective, the concept of national responsibilities (NR) is a recently developed tool to support priority setting. It captures the impact of the loss of a particular species or habitat within the focal region (usually a country) may have on the global persistence of that species or habitat type. Although the method consists of a few simple steps and is not very demanding in regard to data availability per species and habitat type, it is still impossible to determine NRs for all species and habitats. Here, we focus on the difficulties in determining NRs due to missing distribution data, varying interpretations of definitions especially in respect to habitat types, and differences in data formats and maps using European examples of these data limitations and sources of bias. These include artificially enlarged distribution areas resulting from grid cells being reported more than once, gridded shapefiles stretching into the sea or into other biogeographic regions, and differences in the size and the shape of grid cells and hence the resolution of maps. While focusing on European examples, these sources of bias are also relevant for conservation efforts on a global scale. Our analysis stresses the importance of quickly improving data quality, availability and comparability to render conservation more efficient. We give policy relevant examples on how the NR approach can be applied, e.g. how to help attributing budgets to poorer countries, on which species and habitats to focus limited monitoring resources, and how to consider newly emerging diseases. Generally, our analyses suggests (i) to develop clear global data standards, (ii) to regularly assess data to keep up with advances in data handling, and (iii) to use downscaling approaches for biodiversity data to a higher resolution for reducing the impact of bias to a negligible level together with improving the overall quality of distribution data for conservation purposes.

The territory size distribution of the termites Nasutitermes nigriceps and Nasutitermes corniger (Isoptera: Termitidae) in a mangrove forest on the Atlantic coast of Panama showed a rapidly decline region in the rear part and was strongly affected by the degree of connection between the prop roots of mangrove trees [Adams, E.S., Levings, S., 1987. Territory size and population limits in mangrove termites. J. Anim. Ecol. 56, 1069–1081]. To account for these empirical facts, we introduced a lattice model to simulate territorial competition under seasonal cycle, dry and wet season. The simulated territory grew during the wet season while it shrunk during the dry season. The model simulation showed that the shrinkage and expansion process resulted in winner and loser territories in the territorial competition, which consequently led to generate the declining regions.

A challenge in implementing biodiversity conservation is in reconciling criteria for identifying significant areas and representative networks for biodiversity protection. Many international environmental initiatives include biological, ecological, economic, social and governance criteria to aid selection of areas for biodiversity conservation. Here we reviewed criteria used by 15 international initiatives, and what minimum set of biodiversity variables would be needed to support them. From a range of ecological and biological criteria, we identified eight criteria commonly used to identify areas for biodiversity conservation across these initiatives. Four criteria identified areas that (1) contained unique and rare habitats; (2) included fragile and sensitive habitats; (3) were important for ecological integrity; and (4) were representative of all habitats. Another four criteria were based on species' attributes, including (5) the presence of species of conservation concern; (6) the occurrence of restricted-range species; (7) species richness; and (8) importance for life history stages. Information required to inform these criteria include: habitat cover, species occurrence, species richness, species' geographic range and population abundance. This synthesized set of ecological and biological criteria, and their biodiversity variables will simplify the process to identify additional areas of high biodiversity significance, that in turn support achieving the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) targets to fill gaps in the representativeness of the global coverage of protected areas.

Recent climate warming has shifted the timing of spring and autumn vegetation phenological events in the temperate and boreal forest ecosystems of Europe. In many areas spring phenological events start earlier and autumn events switch between earlier and later onset. Consequently, the length of growing season in mid and high latitudes of European forest is extended. However, the lagged effects (i.e. the impact of a warm spring or autumn on the subsequent phenological events) on vegetation phenology and productivity are less explored. In this study, we have (1) characterised extreme warm spring and extreme warm autumn events in Europe during 2003–2011, and (2) investigated if direct impact on forest phenology and productivity due to a specific warm event translated to a lagged effect in subsequent phenological events. We found that warmer events in spring occurred extensively in high latitude Europe producing a significant earlier onset of greening (OG) in broadleaf deciduous forest (BLDF) and mixed forest (MF). However, this earlier OG did not show any significant lagged effects on autumnal senescence. Needleleaf evergreen forest (NLEF), BLDF and MF showed a significantly delayed end of senescence (EOS) as a result of extreme warm autumn events; and in the following year's spring phenological events, OG started significantly earlier. Extreme warm spring events directly led to significant (p = 0.0189) increases in the productivity of BLDF. In order to have a complete understanding of ecosystems response to warm temperature during key phenological events, particularly autumn events, the lagged effect on the next growing season should be considered.

Sustainable management of tropical forests has been identified as one of the main objectives for conservation of global biodiversity and management of carbon stocks. To achieve this goal, managers need tools to assess the sustainability of current management practices. Several international initiatives have undertaken the development of sets of criteria and indicators to help managers move towards sustainability. Among the indicators considered, the structure and composition of dung beetle communities have been identified as excellent indicators of ecological sustainability. However, as occurs with most indicators of the ecological sustainability of forest management, dung beetle surveys require intensive field work making their application over large areas expensive, time consuming, and logistically challenging. A need for prioritization is evident. This work presents a novel approach to the assessment of the Center for International Forestry Research (CIFOR) ecological sustainability indicator I.2.1.2: “The change in diversity of habitats as a result of human interventions is maintained within critical limits as defined by natural variation and/or regional conservation objectives”. Using variography of vegetation index data derived from remotely sensed imagery, we show (1) how the differences in forest structural heterogeneity observed between forest management units and natural areas can be used to identify priority areas for field survey of ecological sustainability indicators (hereafter “priority-for-survey”) and (2) how these priorities correspond to dung beetle community structure and composition. Links between temporal change in forest structural heterogeneity, logging intensity, and dung beetle community structure and composition were established by means of correlation analysis and matrix regression modeling. We found that areas ranked as low priority-for-survey based on image analysis showed no significant difference in dung beetle species richness or diversity from natural reference areas. Further, we found significantly higher dung beetle species richness and diversity estimates in areas ranked as moderate or moderate-low priority-for-survey over the low and reference areas. Finally, the dung beetle community composition in the high priority-for-survey category was significantly less rich and less diverse than any other category. We identified a logging intensity threshold of four trees per hectare as a transition to significant differences in forest structural heterogeneity and the richness and diversity of associated dung beetle communities.

The Cerrado is the largest savanna biome in the Neotropics and considered a major hotspot for world biodiversity. However, over recent decades the area has increasingly been converted to intensive agricultural ecosystems, primarily for soybean production. Conservation tillage systems have gained major importance in tropical America, especially in the Brazilian Cerrado. Long-term field experiments were established to evaluate the effects of soil tillage on soybean production in the Cerrado. The aim of our study was to determine arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) diversity in three natural savanna forests and compare with AMF communities established in three field experiments focusing on soybean production. Since 2000, these experiments differed only in the crop rotation. In one experiment, the rotation was bi-annual with soybean and maize, in the second soybean was mono-cropped, and in the third the soybean/maize rotation was on a more intensive, annual basis. AMF spores were extracted from the soils, counted and morphologically identified. In total, 63 AMF species, belonging to 20 genera, were detected. Average spore densities and species richness decreased in conventionally tilled systems (3–4 spores g−1 and 12–17 species), when compared to no-tillage (4–6 spores g−1 and 15–18 species) and natural savanna (9–11 spores g−1 and 16–22 species), but AMF evenness (Pielou index) was higher under both tillage systems (0.65–0.77), than in the savanna forests (0.54–0.62). AMF community composition significantly differed between all systems. Indicator species were revealed for all three ecosystems: e.g. Glomus macrocarpum and Sclerocystis sinuosa (Cerrado), Sc. coremioides (no-tillage) and Gigaspora margarita, Racocetra coralloidea and Ra. fulgida (tillage). In conclusion, soil cultivation and fertilizer application lead to decreased AMF species richness but remarkably AMF diversity was maintained on similarly high levels in soybean-based crop production systems, even under intensive soybean mono-cropping. The changes in AMF community structure rather were linked to soil pH and potassium, calcium and magnesium than to phosphorus availability or the organic carbon contents. Several species were unrecoverable from either of the tillage systems following conversion from natural savanna forests to cropland.

Estimates of the costs of forest carbon sequestration can guide policy makers in determining the level of effort to place on achieving this form of greenhouse gas emissions mitigation. The Canadian literature on the costs of forest carbon sequestration is dominated by what is known as the bottom-up engineering method. Generally speaking, this approach relies on values observed in markets to estimate land opportunity costs. An alternative is the econometric method, which can capture other potential influences on the behavior of landowners, as revealed by historical data. To our knowledge, there are currently no studies that apply the econometric method to Canada; this may be because detailed land-use data over time is not available. We identified a database compiled by the Canadian Forest Service and used it to estimate an econometric model of afforestation in Ontario. Simulations were conducted from the estimated equation under a range of conditions. The results suggest that carbon sequestration at a given cost could be much lower than indicated by Canadian bottom-up studies. The simulations also demonstrate that, if afforestation is encouraged by awarding offset credits, low carbon prices could result in an unacceptably high share of those credits going to non-additional projects – ones that would have been carried out anyway.

The increasing importance and complexity of land and natural resource management are creating a need for ecosystem-based management (EBM). Multiple criteria decision analysis (MCDA) combined with geographic information systems (GIS) can integrate factors related to the triple bottom line of ecological, economic, and social perspectives required by EBM. However, GIS-based MCDA is limited in this role because (i) it rarely integrates or encourages an exploration phase in preparation for structured evaluation and (ii) inexperienced users may find MCDA methods and GIS software difficult to use. This paper presents a novel approach for (i) supporting an exploration phase to help structure a problem and (ii) integrating the exploration and evaluation phases in an easy-to-use software system. The approach was validated through a land-management case study in a forest-dominated landscape with a variety of stakeholders. Case-study participants used the approach to rate areas within a timber harvest plan based on their potential for conflict with conservation values. The case-study decision analysis determined that between 1.3% and 6.6% of the harvest plan area had a conservation rating of 0.30 or higher on a scale of 0–1. The system was made available to the forest industry and other stakeholders to support harvest plan adjustments, demonstrating how such tools can be used to improve and integrate our knowledge of forest ecology and management. Assessment of participant feedback reveals that an exploration phase is effective in helping understand a problem and prepare for multiple criteria evaluation (MCE).

Many terrestrial species of birds have been observed to depend on large contiguous areas of forest; in the tropics this appears to be especially true for terrestrial insectivores. Far less is understood about how more-common species, that are less dependent on interior forests, use both forested and non-forested habitat in fragmented landscapes. Using both behavioral observations and radio-tracking relocation data, I quantified the within-territory use of different land cover types for three tropical songbird species, the dusky antbird (Cercomacra tyrannina), red-throated ant-tanager (Habia fuscicauda), and cocoa woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus susurrans). Small forest fragments (<50 ha) were also surveyed for these same species. Territories of all three species were mostly forest (>75%), with different amounts of non-forested land cover. As predicted, all three species had increased use in forest cover and decreased use where neighboring territories overlapped. In addition all three species had higher use of areas where there were more forest gaps and/or ‘soft edges’ in the vicinity. Dusky antbirds were less likely to use monocultures of non-native grass and impervious surfaces, while the other two species had mixed responses to non-forested habitats. Dusky antbirds and cocoa woodcreepers were observed foraging at higher-than-expected frequencies along ‘hard edges’ of forested habitat. All three species were found in forest fragments even smaller than a minimal home range area estimate. Conservation of more-common bird species in fragmented landscapes can include secondary forests and small remnants but for these three species non-forested land cover alone would not be expected to provide breeding habitat.

The presence of vegetation corridors in fragmented landscapes has high ecological importance to the gene flow of animals and plants. The landscape in the south of Minas Gerais State, Brazil is characterized by fragmented and disturbed ecosystems. However, there is some secondary vegetation corridors connected with remaining fragments of primary forest. In order to obtain information regarding of the importance of vegetation corridors in maintaining genetic diversity, we assessed the genetic diversity parameters of Myrcia splendens in a fragment–corridor system. Inter-simple sequence repeat markers (ISSRs) were used to assess the genetic diversity and genetic structure of M. splendens. The genetic structure was constructed using 168 trees distributed in five forest fragments and 104 trees distributed in four vegetation corridors. High genetic diversity of the species was indicated by Nei and Shannon indices in the fragments (HE = 0.37, I = 0.53) and in the corridors (HE = 0.33, I = 0.48). The historical gene flow was higher with neighboring corridors than with non-neighboring corridors. Differentiation among fragments was observed to be low with no correlation between genetic and geographic distances (r = 0.057, P = 0.43). Our results indicate that the fragment-corridor system in Minas Gerais State, Southeast Brazil, analyzed is of great importance for M. splendens in situ conservation plans.

Restingas are highly threatened coastal ecosystems located in the Atlantic Forest domain that host a great diversity of plants, including many endemics. Though expanding transportation infrastructure and real estate development have rapidly destroyed extensive portions of natural restinga landscapes along the entire Brazilian coast, comparative phenological studies and conservation programs focused on protecting restinga species are extremely rare. As a result, we currently have a poor understanding of phenological patterns of most plant groups in this habitat. Therefore, aiming to answer the question “Is the phenology of all restinga species the same?”, we designed a taxonomically-focused comparative study of Sapindaceae in the Restinga da Marambaia, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The vegetative and reproductive phenology of four species with a diversity of life forms was analyzed over 24 months: Allophylus puberulus (shrub), Matayba intermedia (tree), Cupania emarginata (tree) and Paullinia coriacea (liana). We found that leaf flush and leaf fall occurred throughout the year for all species. However, they exhibited very different reproductive phenological patterns. Allophylus puberulus showed a nearly continuous, but irregular expression of reproductive phenophases throughout the year, while the other three species have distinct non-overlapping phenological maxima. We also investigated the relationship between phenology and environmental parameters. Most correlations were found with temperature and day length rather than precipitation. However, there was no strong, consistent pattern of phenological events correlating with abiotic stimuli. A detailed discussion of how these patterns compare with other phenological studies of Sapindaceae is included. We conclude that taxonomically focused phenological analyses provide a powerful perspective, and future studies coupling phenology with phylogenetics will yield further insight.

The effects of forest fragmentation on biodiversity can be partitioned into habitat loss and increased isolation of habitat fragments. Habitat quality may however prevail over the effects of fragment area and isolation, especially for mobile animals such as butterflies. To test this hypothesis we surveyed butterfly communities in 36 deciduous forest fragments embedded in a conifer plantation matrix, along two orthogonal gradients of fragment area and isolation. We also sampled eight deciduous riparian forests to compare the complete pool of forest butterflies, expected to be found in riparian forests, to the composition of deciduous fragments. We quantified the effects of deciduous woodland area, isolation and quality on total and forest butterfly richness, community composition and several Community-Weighted Mean traits known to mediate butterfly responses to habitat fragmentation. For the 36 fragments, forest butterfly richness and community composition were not affected by fragment area or isolation but by habitat quality, especially host-plant composition. Riparian forests had higher forest butterfly richness and hosted more habitat specialists, with higher sensitivity to temperature extremes, than deciduous forest remnants. We thus provide new evidence that habitat quality can prevail over fragment area and isolation in shaping the composition of butterfly communities in mosaic landscapes.

Mercury (Hg) is one of the most toxic nonessential trace metals in the environment, with high persistence and bioaccumulation potential, and hence of serious concern to environmental quality and public health. Emitted to the atmosphere, this element can travel long distances, far from emission sources. Hg speciation can lead to Hg contamination of different ecosystem components, as well as biomagnification in trophic food webs. To evaluate the effects of atmospheric Hg deposition in tropical forests, we investigated Hg concentrations in earthworm tissues and soils of two Forest Conservation Units in State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Next, we performed a laboratory study of the biological responses (cast analysis and behavioral, acute, chronic and bioaccumulation ecotoxicological tests) of two earthworms species (Pontoscolex corethrurus and Eisenia andrei) to Hg contamination in tropical artificial soil (TAS) and two natural forest soils (NS) spiked with increasing concentration of HgCl2. Field results showed Hg concentrations up to 13 times higher in earthworm tissues than in forest soils, while in the laboratory Hg accumulation after 91-days of exposure was 25 times greater in spiked-soils with 128 mg Hg kg− 1 (dry wt) than in control (unspiked) soils. In all the toxicity tests P. corethrurus showed a higher adaptability or resistance to mercury than E. andrei. The role of earthworms as environmental bioremediators was confirmed in this study, showing their ability to greatly bioaccumulate trace metals while reducing Hg availability in feces.

Characterizing functional diversity has become central in ecological research and for biodiversity assessment. Understanding the role of species with rare traits, i.e. functionally rare species, in community assembly, ecosystem dynamics and functioning has recently gained momentum. However, functional rarity is still ignored in conservation strategies.Here, we quantified global functional and evolutionary rarity for 2073 species of coral reef fishes and compared the rarity values to IUCN Red List status. Most species were functionally common but geographically rare. However, we found very weak correlation between functional rarity and evolutionary rarity. Functional rarity was highest for species classified as not evaluated or threatened by the IUCN Red List. The location of functional rarity hotspots (Tropical Eastern Pacific) did not match hotspots of species richness and evolutionary distinctiveness (Indo-Australian Archipelago), nor the currently protected areas. We argue that functional rarity should be acknowledged for both species and site prioritization in conservation strategies.

In the last several decades, there has been considerable effort to protect and restore wetlands throughout the USA. These efforts have required significant investment of both private and public funds. Accordingly, it has become important to document the effectiveness of this protection and restoration. This study for the Mid-Atlantic Region (MIAR) Wetland Conservation Effects Assessment Project (CEAP) was part of the US Department of Agriculture CEAP. This study compared natural, converted, and hydrologically restored wetlands in the states of Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia. There were forty-eight total sites, and each site was sampled at 4 landscape elevations (wettest to driest) during a three year period. Here we report an assessment of soil denitrification conducted as one component of the MIAR Wetland-CEAP using denitrification enzyme activity (DEA). DEA values varied significantly with relative elevation and management DEA response to nitrate addition varied significantly with relative elevation and management. In stepwise regression, total C and moisture were the most influential physiochemical conditions for the converted and natural wetlands, respectively. Total C and Ca were the most important for the restored wetlands. Moreover, the percentage of denitrification as nitrous oxide and nosZ gene abundances, differed by relative elevation and management. In all aspects of DEA, the restored wetlands were more similar to the natural wetlands than to the converted wetland.

The process based model SMART–SUMO–WATBAL was applied to 166 intensive monitoring forest plots of mid- and high-latitude Europe to evaluate the effects of expected future changes in carbon dioxide concentration, temperature, precipitation and nitrogen deposition on forest growth (net annual increment). These results were used in the large-scale forest scenario model EFISCEN (European Forest Information SCENario model) to upscale impacts of environmental change and to combine these results with adapted forest management. Because of the few plots available, Mediterranean countries were excluded from analyses. Results are presented for 109 million ha in 23 European countries.We predict significant impacts of environmental change on mid- and high-latitude European forests. Under a no climate change scenario, an increased fellings scenario assumed wood demand to increase from 3.8 to 5.3 m3 ha−1 yr−1 between 2000 and 2010, maintaining growing stock volumes at around 170 m3 ha−1. In 2100 it was thus possible to cut 50% more under intensive management than current felling level. Climate change increased this possibility to 90% (from 3.8 to 7.2 m3 ha−1 yr−1). The growing stock in 2100 increased to 279 m3 ha−1 under base felling level and no environmental change, but under environmental change, the rise was up to 381 m3 ha−1 in 2100. The average carbon stock of whole tree biomass was 72 Mg ha−1 carbon in 2005 and it increased to a predicted 104 Mg ha−1 carbon in 2100 under no environmental change and base fellings. Environmental change enhanced the build up of carbon stocks to up to 143 Mg ha−1 carbon in 2100. An average 35–40% higher increment is thus foreseen for 2100 compared to a no environmental change scenario (both under base fellings). The largest relative growth rate change is foreseen for the Nordic countries, with up to 75% growth increase. The impact of environmental change on C stock change in trees is as significant as the impact of forest management.

Since the last glacial–interglacial cycles, Mediterranean mountains in Southern Europe have constituted the southern refuge of numerous species of Eurosiberian and Boreal origin. Some vestiges of European Tertiary flora have also remained in this area. These mountains present one of the continent's highest plant diversity indices deriving from their geographic and historical circumstances throughout the Quaternary. Throughout this century, a change in the biogeographic characteristics of these mountains is to be expected as a result of climate change.Based on four Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) scenarios, we developed a multivariate analysis model for mountain ranges in Central Spain (Southern Europe), enabling us to adjust data on vegetation, climate, lithology and availability of soil water. With high-resolution data on species occurrences and abiotic characteristics for better accounting of micro-refugia and topographic complexity in mountain regions, we assess the future potential distribution of tree species and changes in plant communities under climate change. Our model provides the climate descriptors that most influence changes in species distribution and which lead us to consider the parameters of these changes as indicators for management.We project for this century a significant spread of Mediterranean tree communities in detriment to temperate or cold-adapted tree communities. In mountain forests in northern Europe, limitations on plant growth are mainly thermic, and the boreal and subalpine species in high- and mid-mountain regions are therefore the ones most threatened by the predicted global warming. To the contrary, our results show that in mountains in southern Europe, the formations that will undergo the greatest changes will be at piedmonts and low-mountain levels, due to increased hydric deficit. These results suggest that nature conservation strategies currently call for new approaches that take into account the fact that climate change is a driving force of species distribution. The results can be used at the landscape scale for management of forest species and for the design of protected areas.

round•Ecological land classification enables improved conservation by linking land types to vegetation, ecosystem services, disturbance regimes, and conservation practices.•Defining landscape-scale ecological site groups allows for the development of generalized state-and-transition models for summarizing the major ecological dynamics and associated conservation practices within a region.•We defined nine ecological site groups for northern New England (MLRA 143) by identifying the fewest number of ecological classes as possible while retaining maximum utility of state-and-transition models for each class.•Ecological site groups provide scalability of ecological site information and simplify the development of ecological concepts and the application of appropriate conservation practices.

Southern forests produce multiple products and services including timber, wildlife habitat, species bio- and genetic diversity, water quality and control, waste remediation, recreation, and carbon sequestration. All of these benefits must be produced in a sustainable manner to meet today's societal needs without compromising future needs. A forest site is productive to the extent that it provides some level of one or more of these products and services. Historically, site productivity research emphasized biomass production and did not directly address the forest's capability for producing other products and services. However, past and on-going site productivity research has greatly increased our understanding of those soil and site properties and processes that influence forest development, and those that are influenced by management. Directing forest site productivity research toward understanding how site processes control both timber and non-timber benefits on all southern forest lands can help us develop the management strategies necessary to produce multiple products and services concomitantly with timber production.

The Pantanal is the most conserved biome in Brazil and among the last wild refuges in South America, but intensification of agriculture and other land use changes present challenges for protecting this exceptionally biodiverse wetland ecosystem. Recent studies have shed new light on the origins and biogeochemistry of a suite of >600 small saline-alkaline lakes in Nhecolândia, a floodplain setting located south of the Taquari River in south-central Pantanal. These soda lakes form a unique aquatic environment in Pantanal and nascent research on their geomicrobiology suggests that their biota may be analogous to early life, and extreme life in Earth's deep biosphere. We argue that the conservation of the soda lakes in the lower Nhecolândia region should be an important strategic component of any conservation plan that aims to mitigate the advance of unsustainable land-use change in the Pantanal. Soda lake conservation has important implications for the carbon cycle, as these landforms sequester carbon dioxide and transmit considerably lower concentrations of methane in comparison to macrophyte-rich freshwater lakes in the region. Further, minerals precipitated in the saline-alkaline lakes are leveraged for cattle consumption, and therefore the continued presence of the lakes is critical for allowing pantaneiro ranchers to pursue certified organic, sustainable beef production systems. Beyond protecting soda lakes and their surrounding forests (mata de cordilheiras) for food systems security, the conservation strategy would also allow further research of little studied extremophile biodiversity and biogeochemistry, with potential for biotechnological innovations attendant to UN Sustainable Development Goals.

Interest in the potential effects of global climate change on forest ecosystems is increasing, but little is known about their effects on canopy communities, even though their reliance on atmospheric moisture and nutrients suggest that they are sensitive to current predictions of climatic change. We conducted a field experiment to assess the potential impacts of predicted climate change on the growth and health of four common non-vascular epiphytes at three elevations in a subtropical montane moist evergreen broad-leaved forest in southwest China. Even slight changes in climate resulted in remarkably reduced rates of growth and detrimental effects on the health of the transplanted epiphyte species over 2 years. Non-vascular epiphytes in this forest type respond much more rapidly to changes in water availability than terrestrial trees. The non-vascular lichen, Nephromopsis pallescens, is highly sensitive to changes in moisture and temperature, and could be adopted as a climate change indicator. Non-vascular epiphyte species may be negatively affected or even severely damaged in the future in subtropical montane forests, as climate conditions are predicted to be warmer and drier. This experiment confirms previous model projections and implies that conservation efforts to maintain the stability and resiliency of montane forest ecosystem to climate change should include epiphyte communities.

Mycorrhizal associations of important tree species were investigated within the research area of the Tropenbos Cameroon Programme (TCP), situated on the western portion of the Atlantic Biafrean forest of south Cameroon. Ninety-seven tree species of economic, social, and ecological importance, and three lianas were selected in three sites that differed in altitude, soil clay content, and soil pH. In each site plots were laid out in undisturbed forest. In each plot, seedlings, saplings, juvenile, and mature trees were identified to species level and counted; girth at breast height measured and basal area calculated; root samples were taken and examined for mycorrhizal type and extent of mycorrhizal colonization.All 100 species investigated were mycorrhizal. Tree of 74 species formed exclusively arbuscular mycorrhizas (AM); 23 trees and three Gnetum species formed ectomycorrhizas (ECM). Five of these ECM plants also harbored AM structures. Extent of mycorrhizal root colonization showed large differences for various AM trees; however, colonization of more than half of these trees was less than 25%. Colonization of ECM trees was often higher than 75%. The contribution of ECM trees to basal area varied between 19 and 35%. ECM trees often occurred in small to large clumps. In sustainable forest management plans, existing ECM forest clumps should be given special conservation value.

Railway territories are man-made habitats forming corridors for non-native species migration. In this study, we assessed non-native species occurrence in plant communities along a railway route of the Białowieża Primeval Forest in Poland in relation to adjacent plant community type and microhabitat (embankment western and eastern sides of the railway track, intertrack space). An 11-km fragment of a narrow-gauge railway route in the western part of the Białowieża Primeval Forest was investigated. This fragment was divided into 416 sections where all observed non-native species were identified, and all individuals, ramets and tussocks were counted. We discovered 12 non-native taxa, most of which (8 species) originated from North America. The highest average number of non-native species per section was recorded in the vicinity of the Circeo-Alnetum community. Statistically, more non-native species occurred on the western embankment than on the eastern one and in the intertrack space.The use of the narrow-gauge railway in the Białowieża Forest has increased the risk of establishment of invasive species in local plant communities. The Białowieża Forest is a refuge for native biodiversity of the utmost importance. Thus, continuous monitoring of the occurrence of non-native species is necessary for the preservation of native plant communities in the vicinity of the narrow-gauge railway route assessed in this study.

Heterogeneous definitions of urban areas and poorly homogenized forest data at the country scale have hampered the comparative assessment of peri-urban forest structure in developed countries. The present study investigates selected landscape characteristics of peri-urban forests in 283 metropolitan areas in Europe controlling for the role of the local context and regional suburbanization trends. Using landscape metrics derived from Urban Atlas maps (a Copernicus/GMES initiative providing a comprehensive land-use assessment of European cities >100,000 inhabitants), significant differences in peri-urban forest structure were detected under five European regions. Specific class metrics (percent forest area, mean patch size, perimeter-to-area ratio) were correlated with urban morphology, landscape and territorial indicators. On average, forest cover is larger in northern and southern European metropolitan areas. Forest patch size increases from western to eastern Europe, with more regular patch shapes in central and eastern regions and less regular shapes in the rest of Europe. Forest class area increases with the area of discontinuous, medium-density settlements. Forest patch size increases with the average patch size of discontinuous dense urban fabric. Our evidence outlines a ‘sprawl model' shaping fringe landscapes characterized by discontinuous urban settlements mixed with fragmented – but possibly well protected – forest patches.

Societal adaptation to climate change requires measures that simultaneously reduce poverty, protect or restore biodiversity and ecosystem services, and remove atmospheric greenhouse gases. Ecosystem-based adaptation to climate change is the type of adaptation that aims to combine these outcomes and is particularly relevant to developing nations that safeguard most of the planetary biodiversity and healthy ecosystems. Although conceptually new, ecosystem-based adaptation is fastly gaining traction both as a research arena and as an integrated policy instrument. This paper aims to revisit this concept and to discuss the science and policy challenges faced by it. It argues that ecosystem-based adaptation is a policy mix that promotes adaptive transition, which is a step towards sustainability transitions. It faces two major challenges in promoting transitions towards adaptation and sustainability. First, research on ecosystem-based adaptation mostly takes place within the socio-ecological systems framework, which is often carried out in isolation from socio-technical systems research. It is widely recognized that both types of research should be integrated, for the benefit of science and policy-making, and the paper discusses the potential of ecosystem-based adaptation in providing such bridge. Second, there is a divide between global and local research and policy, while at local level this divide is related to the setting (e.g., coastal, urban, rural). The resulting mosaic of information lacks integration, which hinders scalability of actions and policies. Finally, I examine the opportunity for ecological and conservation scientists to interact with social, economic and political scientists on ecosystem-based adaptation research, and discuss how timely this opportunity is for Brazil.

The particular dependence of the Atlantic coastal plain flora to water level fluctuations and sensitivity to land use disturbances suggests that effective protective measures must be incorporated into water and land management practices in a watershed or other regional context. The general specifications for a biosphere reserve can provide the basis for the inter-organizational cooperation needed to deal with these and other conservation issues. A proposed Kejimkujik-Tobeatic Biosphere Reserve is described which if successfully implemented, could provide for the continued survival of this special flora in south-western Nova Scotia, Canada.

Harvesting traffic may alter soil properties and reduce forest productivity if soil disturbances are not mitigated. Logging operations were conducted during high soil moisture conditions on the South Carolina, USA coast to salvage timber and reduce wildfire potential following Hurricane Hugo in 1989. Long term study sites were established on wet pine flats to evaluate effects of primary skid trails and site preparation on soil properties and loblolly pine productivity. The experiment was analyzed as a split-plot within an unbalanced randomized complete block design having 12 blocks, two levels of traffic (primary skid trail (On), no obvious traffic (Off)) and four levels of site preparation (bedding (Bed), disking with bedding (D/B), disking (Disk), no site preparation (None)). Remeasurement of the study was conducted in 2015 at 25 years after salvage logging (stand age 23 years). Bed and D/B treatments had greater saturated hydraulic conductivity (p = 0.0567) and macroporosity (p = 0.0071) and lower bulk density (p = 0.0226) values than Disk and None treatments. Macroporosity benefits were evident two years after site preparation installation, but bulk density and saturated hydraulic conductivity were not, suggesting these two measurements were affected over time by differences in rooting activity influenced by initial aeration benefits. Depth to iron depletion (p = 0.0055) was significantly greater and soil carbon (p < 0.0001) was significantly lower in Bed and D/B treatments due to bed elevation above the water table and improved drainage. This implies greater aeration for roots, but trade-offs in above-ground biomass and soil carbon storage. However, above and below ground carbon differences balanced one another between treatments so that combined carbon storage in soil and above ground loblolly pine biomass was not significantly different by site preparation treatment (p = 0.1127). Bed and D/B resulted in approximately double the stand biomass (p < 0.0001) and stand density (p < 0.0001) than Disk and None. Bed and D/B generally created more favorable soil properties and enhanced long term loblolly pine stand productivity. Differences in soil properties and stand productivity between traffic levels, with and without site preparation, were negligible suggesting natural soil recovery mechanisms were mitigated effects of wet site harvesting over 25 years.

Understanding ecosystem processes and the influence of regional scale drivers can provide useful information for managing forest ecosystems. Examining more local scale drivers of forest biomass and water yield can also provide insights for identifying and better understanding the effects of climate change and management on forests. We used diverse multi-scale datasets, functional models and Geographically Weighted Regression (GWR) to model ecosystem processes at the watershed scale and to interpret the influence of ecological drivers across the Southeastern United States (SE US). Aboveground forest biomass (AGB) was determined from available geospatial datasets and water yield was estimated using the Water Supply and Stress Index (WaSSI) model at the watershed level. Our geostatistical model examined the spatial variation in these relationships between ecosystem processes, climate, biophysical, and forest management variables at the watershed level across the SE US. Ecological and management drivers at the watershed level were analyzed locally to identify whether drivers contribute positively or negatively to aboveground forest biomass and water yield ecosystem processes and thus identifying potential synergies and tradeoffs across the SE US region. Although AGB and water yield drivers varied geographically across the study area, they were generally significantly influenced by climate (rainfall and temperature), land-cover factor1 (Water and barren), land-cover factor2 (wetland and forest), organic matter content high, rock depth, available water content, stand age, elevation, and LAI drivers. These drivers were positively or negatively associated with biomass or water yield which significantly contributes to ecosystem interactions or tradeoff/synergies. Our study introduced a spatially-explicit modelling framework to analyze the effect of ecosystem drivers on forest ecosystem structure, function and provision of services. This integrated model approach facilitates multi-scale analyses of drivers and interactions at the local to regional scale.

We evaluated trends (2005–2013) and patterns of dissolved organic nitrogen (DON) and its ratio with dissolved organic carbon (DOC), DOC:DON in atmospheric deposition and soil solution of five Level II plots of the International Co-operative Programme on Assessment and Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Forests (ICP Forests) in Flanders, Northern Belgium. The primary aim was to confirm positive postulated trends in DON levels and DOC:DON under on-going recovery from acidification. The DON concentrations (0.95–1.41 mg L− 1) and fluxes (5.6–8.3 kg ha− 1 y− 1) in throughfall were about twice as high compared to precipitation in the open field (0.40–0.48 mg L− 1, 3.0–3.9 kg ha− 1 y− 1). Annual soil profile leaching losses of DON varied between 1.2 and 3.7 kg ha− 1 y− 1. The highest soil DON concentrations and fluxes were observed beneath the O horizon (1.84–2.36 mg L− 1, 10.1–12.3 kg ha− 1 y− 1). Soil solution concentrations and fluxes of DON showed significant increasing trends. Temporarily soil solution DOC:DON rose following an exceptionally long spring drought in 2007, suggesting an effect of drying and rewetting on DOM composition. Further research is needed to test the dependence of DON and DOC:DON on factors such as latitude, forest cover, length of the growing season, hydrology and topography. Nonetheless, even with considerable variation in soil type, level of base saturation, and soil texture in the five included ICP Forests Level II plots, all data revealed a proportionally larger positive response of DON flux than DOC to recovery from acidification.

Environmental indicators can be used to evaluate natural recovery processes. Although several studies have used ant assemblage metrics as environmental indicators, few try to explain the response of these insect assemblages to forest recovery. Thus, we carried out a vertical ant sampling design to verify the sensitivity of ant assemblages from different microhabitats (epigeic, arboreal and hypogeic) to natural forest recovery. We also verified whether changes to the diversity measures (species richness, composition and evenness) of these assemblages could be predictable and explained by changes in the resource quantity and conditions, and structural and resource heterogeneity that also occur along the natural forest recovery gradient. Additionally, we verified the potential of ant species as indicators of forest recovery. We sampled ants in a pasture and seven forest remnants with different recovery times that represent a forest recovery gradient along a chronosequence. Although, the non response of species richness and evenness, species composition changed along the recovery gradient and the dissimilarity between the ant species composition of pasture and forest habitats increased with the age of the forest remnant. This was supported by ant species indicators of pasture and forest areas pointed out by the IndVal test. The variation of ant species composition of the two groups of habitat types (pasture and forest) could be explained by the different responses of open habitat and forest specialist ants to the increase in vegetation cover along the recovery gradient. Therefore, species composition and indicator species by habitat type seems to be the most predictable data for the use of ants in environmental monitoring programs.

Due to land use history, most of the current temperate and boreal forests are developed on nutrient-poor and rocky soils, keeping fertile soils for agriculture. Consequently, the conditions occurring in forest ecosystems strongly differ from those of other terrestrial environments, giving importance to the access of nutritive elements and their recycling for the long-lasting development of forest ecosystems. In this review, we present an overview of the recent findings on the relationships between bacterial and fungal communities and their tree hosts at both the taxonomic and functional levels. We highlighted the common and different deterministic drivers of these microbial communities, focusing on the tree species effect, the different interfaces existing between the trees and their environment, the impact of tree by-products (decaying wood and litter), the impact of soil and seasonal changes, and lastly, the consequences of forestry practices. Depicting both taxonomic and functional diversity based on cultivation-dependent and -independent analyses, we highlight the distribution patterns and the functional traits characterizing bacterial and fungal communities. We also discuss the importance of bridging environmental microbiology to genomics and how to integrate the interactions between microorganisms for a better understanding of tree growth and health.

We analysed the composition and configuration patterns of the forested landscape in the Cantabrian range (NW Spain) determining how different forest communities are currently affected by long-term fragmentation process. We also evaluated the regional reserve network in relation to forest fragmentation and forest heterogeneity at the landscape level. The current landscape scenario is characterised by low forest habitat cover (22%) and a fragment size distribution strongly skewed towards small values (<10 ha). Forest classes differ strongly in fragment size, internal heterogeneity, shape, dispersion and isolation. Beech forests were less fragmented than other types, being the dominant class in terms of surface and fragment occurrence. Fragmentation was heavier in forests occurring in agriculture-suitable areas (i.e. valley bottoms, southern exposures), such as ash-maple and oak forests, as well as in second-growth forests developed after tree-line deforestation for pastures (i.e. holly and rowan forests). The current reserve network in the Asturias region covers preferentially bigger and less isolated forest fragments. This was a consequence of protection biased towards beech forests, to the detriment of an adequate representativeness of most other forest types, some of them with high ecological value. Future expansion of the reserve network should be based on landscape information, to promote both the protection of well-conserved, less-fragmented forests as well as the inclusion of under-represented target forest types.

Land cover change and implementation of different management practices can greatly affect the global carbon (C) budget and soil quality. The objective of this study was to quantify the effect of different management practices under representative agroforestry and full sun coffee systems on (i) soil organic matter and CO2–C emissions in dry and rainy seasons and (ii) to determine which management system of coffee is the most effective for improving soil quality in the Atlantic Rainforest Biome. A plot of 300 m2, divided into three subplots of 100 m2 each, was established in three sampling sites: an agroforestry coffee system (ACS), a full sun coffee system (FS) and a native rainforest (NR) (chosen as reference site of soil conservation). Soil sampling was carried out at five different depths (0–5, 5–20, 20–40, 40–60 and 60–100 cm) for soil chemical and organic matter characterization in each subplot. CO2–C emissions, soil temperature, moisture and microbial biomass C were measured four times in one year. The soil quality index (SQI) was evaluated with a principal components analysis (PCA) to compare soil quality classes among the selected sites. ACS tended to has the highest soil C content (19.8 g kg− 1) in the 0–5 cm soil layer. FS tended to has less C and nitrogen (N) stock values and elevated metabolic quotient. The CO2–C emissions at the ACS site decreased 1.93 Mg CO2–C ha− 1 year− 1 when compared to the FS system. An overall trend of lower labile C was recorded up to 40 cm depth in the FS system (36% less). The ACS provided continuous input of labile organic matter fractions to the soil by litterfall contributing to a continued incorporation of soil C. The results indicated that CO2–C emission, soil temperature, metabolic quotient, C/N ratio, labile and soluble C were the most important soil quality indicators, reflecting the general biological properties of the soil. Based on the SQI values, ACS is the most suitable management of coffee, since it preserves soil quality. Management strategies that guarantee a continued and diversified input of organic matter enable the following: (i) increased C soil storages, (ii) the stabilization of the microbial biomass C, (iii) a reduction in C loss through CO2–C emissions and (iv) the best indices of soil quality. These are crucial targets in order to restore soil quality in the Atlantic Rainforest Biome.

Although members of Drosophilidae are frequently the topic of ecological studies in Brazil, few have explored Restinga or, until only recently, Pampa biome environments. This study proposes to describe the diversity and temporal variation of the Drosophilidae assemblage from a Restinga forest of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. We performed monthly collections from February 2013 to January 2014 using yeasted banana-baited traps. A total of 25,093 individuals of 46 species were sampled. Drosophila simulans and the D. willistoni subgroup were the dominant taxa; D. polymorpha, D. immigrans, D. paraguayensis and Zygothrica orbitalis were of intermediate abundance, and the other 40 species were rare. Based on sampling effort estimators, our collections were sufficient. Jaccard and Morisita indices evaluated using ANOSIM reveal little similarity in the composition of samples across months. Canonical correspondence analysis shows that the variables of maximum and minimum temperature are the main factors responsible for differentiation of the species composition of the assemblage throughout the year, whereby collections in the coldest periods (July, August and September) are those with a more differentiated composition. In these months, the dominance of D. simulans and the D. willistoni subgroup decreases while increased abundance of the D. tripunctata group (as D. paraguayensis) and Z. orbitalis occurs. In comparison to other studies carried out in environments in southernmost Brazil, we observed a similar pattern of fluctuation in abundance over the year, with a higher abundance of dominant species in warmer months and population sizes decreasing in colder months.

We used stationary matrix models to assess size–class dynamics of a protected neotropical gallery forest in Central Brazil, and tested their predictive capacity for different calibration periods. Data series comprised of all trees (with diameter ≥ 10 cm) registered in 151 (10 m × 20 m) permanent plots in the years of 1985, 1988, 1991, 1994, 1999, 2004, and 2009. Demographic and diameter growth rates fluctuated, and recruitment slightly decreased after 1991. All models produced reliable (P > 0.05) short-term projections (≤10 years). However, models calibrated before 1991 produced unreliable >10-year projections. The model calibrated over the 1991–1994 period reliably predicted size–class structure after 5 consecutive 3-year simulations (15 years). Results show that short-term (10-year) size–class structure of protected neotropical rainforests can be reliably predicted using stationary matrix models; and that predictions are slightly sensitive to the calibration period. Although stand dynamics were variable and affected by environmental stochasticity, size–class structural dynamics remained close to constant after 1991, since all projections from stationary models calibrated after that year were similar to the observed data (P > 0.05). This indicates that, under the recent levels of natural disturbances, the forest has maintained stability in the size–class dynamics.

We investigated the richness, density, and composition of woody-tree species, and which traits of colonizing species are selected in commercial stands of Pinus elliottii and Araucaria angustifolia in southern Brazil. Analyses of variance with permutation tests were performed to assess differences among stand types in relation to density and rarefied richness. Multivariate analyses of variance with permutation tests were performed to compare stand types in relation to species composition and reproductive traits. Native forests presented higher stem density when compared to the plantations, while species richness did not vary among stand types. Species composition differed between the native forest and the plantations. Species' reproductive traits differed between the two types of plantations. The higher frequency of zoochorous diaspores in P. elliottii plantations when compared to the other stand types suggests the importance of the fauna in creating and sustaining the understory structure in this type of plantation. Plantations show a high potential as colonization sites by native woody species, despite their structural differences in relation to native forests. If properly managed, plantations might be catalysts for the recovery of degraded areas.© 2014 Associação Brasileira de Ciência Ecológica e Conservação. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda.

With the establishment of the Natura 2000 (N2000) network, the European Union intends to develop strategies to conserve Europe's threatened habitats and species, including bats. Forest-dwelling bats are highly reliant on forest structures, such as snags and hollow trees, which the bats need as roosts. The decrease in such forest microhabitats significantly affects the habitat use and, therefore, the activity in forests. To determine whether N2000 beech forests under active timber production offer better habitats for bats compared to commercially used non-N2000 forests, we measured the bat activity and assessed the potential roosts in trees and snags in eleven pairs of stands. All survey stands represented mesotrophic beech forests (Fagus sylvatica L.) of the N2000 habitat type 9130 (Asperulo-Fagetum) in three European Biogeographic Regions. The activity of all bat species, the activity of priority N2000 species, the species number, the number of trees with roosts and the snag volume did not differ significantly between the N2000 and non-N2000 stands. We conclude that the current management of the N2000 beech forests is almost identical to that of non-N2000 commercial forests, and thus, the N2000 status has not led to an increase of bat-relevant habitat variables yet. Consequently, additional efforts beyond the administrative assignment of N2000 areas are required to build and ensure an ecologically effective and sustainable network of beech forests in Europe, including increasing important forest requirements for bats, such as roosts and snags.

A study on nitrate yields was conducted in forested watersheds of mainland Portugal. The prime goal was to rank parameters in descending order of their contribution to the export of nitrate towards streams and lakes. To attain the goal, variables like soil loss, rainfall intensity, topography, soil type, forest composition and environmental disturbances such as hardwood harvesting or wildfires were organized in a conceptual yield model. Because some parameters were potentially collinear, a robust multivariate statistical technique was selected to execute the conceptual model and perform the aforementioned ranking, namely Partial Least Squares (PLS) regression. This technique was tested with a sample of 60 forested watersheds (> 70% of forest occupation), being subject to a double-validation process to ensure prediction capability. According to final regression coefficients, soil erosion seems to regulate nitrate distribution across the basins, because soil loss and type, rainfall intensity and topography explained around 60% of nitrate yield variance. The major importance of erosion is followed by a moderate role of biochemical processes such as nitrification or nutrient uptake, which accounted for approximately 15% of nitrate yield variance. In this case, deciduous forests and scrubland seem to behave as net sinks of nitrate while coniferous and mixed forests seem to act dually, as net sources or sinks. The least important parameters are the environmental disturbances, explaining no more than 5% of nitrate yield variance. The results of PLS regression were coupled in a scenario analysis with measures designed to protect soil from erosion and surface water from eutrophication. These interventions are to be implemented until 2045, according to regional plans of forest management. Considering the key role of erosion in explaining nitrate dynamics across the catchments, it was not surprising to verify that soil protection measures may reduce nitrate yields by some 35% of their current values.

The contribution of proteomics to the knowledge of forest tree (the most recalcitrant and almost forgotten plant species) biology is being reviewed and discussed, based on the author’s own research work and papers published up to November 2010. This review is organized in four introductory sections starting with the definition of forest trees (1), the description of the environmental and economic importance (2) and its derived current priorities and research lines for breeding and conservation (3) including forest tree genomics (4). These precede the main body of this review: a general overview to proteomics (5) for introducing the forest tree proteomics section (6). Proteomics, defined as scientific discipline or experimental approach, it will be discussed both from a conceptual and methodological point of view, commenting on realities, challenges and limitations. Proteomics research in woody plants is limited to a reduced number of genera, including Pinus, Picea, Populus, Eucalyptus, and Fagus, mainly using first-generation approaches, e.g., those based on two-dimensional electrophoresis coupled to mass spectrometry. This area joins the own limitations of the technique and the difficulty and recalcitrance of the plant species as an experimental system. Furthermore, it contributes to a deeper knowledge of some biological processes, namely growth, development, organogenesis, and responses to stresses, as it is also used in the characterization and cataloguing of natural populations and biodiversity (proteotyping) and in assisting breeding programmes.

The valuation of nature is an inbuilt component of validating environmental management decisions and an important research field for different disciplines related to conservation, economy and ethics. Here, biodiversity was valued using an ecological approach based on the intrinsic value incorporated in biodiversity per se, regardless of any human association. The Marine Biological Valuation protocol was drawn upon the methodology of terrestrial valuation maps, to support the European MSFD environmental status assessment (descriptor 1 – biodiversity) and national marine spatial planning approaches. To apply the protocol on the Portuguese continental shelf we compiled and analyzed national biological databases for a wide taxonomic range of ecosystem components (seabirds, demersal fish, macrobenthos, marine mammals and sea turtles) and assessed the spatial overlap with existing and proposed conservation areas (Natura 2000 network). The resultant maps described patterns of biological value consistent with the physical and biological oceanographic conditions as well as local hydrodynamics of the Portuguese continental shelf. The results of our approach confirm previously identified valuable areas for protection (particularly in the northern and central regions), but also highlights the value of currently unprotected sites, mainly in the southern region. Biological valuation maps showed to be comprehensive tool to compile and spatially analyze biological datasets. By drawing attention to subzones of biological importance, it constitutes a valuable instrument in making appropriate-scale decisions on the spatial allocation of human activities in the context of the Portuguese marine spatial planning, currently facing the pressure and impacts of increased maritime exploitation.

Natura 2000 targets the sustainable conservation of Europe's biodiversity. An important cornerstone of Natura 2000 is the Habitats Directive, which is currently implemented across European member states. However, straightforward implementation is not obvious since the favourable conservation status of habitats and species needs to be achieved at the member state level, while conservation objectives need to be formulated at the protected site level. To bridge this gap, we propose to start from regional conservation objectives before site level objectives are formulated. These regional conservation objectives have the advantage of providing a framework according to which conservation objectives can be allocated both within and outside the protected sites of the Natura 2000 network. Especially since they all contribute to the national or regional conservation status. Recently, Flanders (northern Belgium) has adopted this approach and has quantified conservation objectives at the regional scale. As the current regional conservation status of habitats and species is mostly unfavourable, regional conservation objectives entail a drastic increase in area (42%) for habitats, and active conservation measures for 78% of the species. We are convinced that the method outlined here, may substantially contribute to a helpful discussion about implementing and streamlining Natura 2000 across European member states.

When environmental damage takes place, forensic experts investigate and undertake initial damage assessments. Determining damage costs can be challenging in terms of remedial action and of assigning monetary value to losses. We develop a Habitat Equivalency Analysis (HEA) framework to assess environmental damage costs and apply it to three case studies from the Brazilian Atlantic Rainforest (BAR). Remediation costs have been used previously as proxies for valuing ecosystem services (ES). In this approach, interim losses, those ES not supplied till the damage is restored, are accounted as compensatory remediation costs, the costs of resource enhancement or creation that compensates for the loss in ES provision. We compared values derived here to those using an alternative valuation, based on a tropical forest’s average annual value (Int.$/ha/year), as described in the literature. Findings demonstrate the potential of the framework to account for interim losses, perpetual damages and the cost of remediation. Although the three study areas varied in the extent of damage and the remediation procedures, the damage cost per hectare was of the same order of magnitude and within a narrow range: 13,216; 28,024; and 19,681 (in 2017 Int.$/ha) for the Citrus; Sand Mining and Eucalyptus study areas respectively. The environmental damage costs per hectare appraised by the alternative valuation were higher and showed greater variation: 32,692; 139,389; and 38,260 (in 2017 Int.$/ha) respectively. The experimental data were shown to be within the range of theoretical results derived. As HEA valuation is solely based on ecosystem damage remediation principles, its application will provide a more robust platform for the evaluation of the total economic value of tropical forests, even in the early stages of damage assessments.

Forest fires and forest biodiversity are related issues of major concern in Mediterranean countries and require an integrated approach to landscape planning. The aim of this study was to develop a GIS approach for regulating forest production while promoting landscape diversity and mitigating fire hazard. A study area located in the centre of Portugal was chosen. The area was primarily occupied by maritime pine and had a high fire hazard, low tree species diversity and an extensive protection area. The classical area control method was used to assist in forest production regulation. Species suitability maps were produced for 21 recommended species for afforestation in the study area. Maritime pine management compartments were defined, and a 50-year harvesting plan was proposed. In each harvested compartment, protection areas were identified for species conversion (e.g., native oaks and/or broadleaves). Afforestation species were proposed according to the species suitability maps produced earlier. Low flammability species that produce high-quality wood, non-wood products and landscape enhancement were preferred. A comparison of the land cover in the study area in 2007 to that anticipated in 2064 via the proposed plan showed that a more fragmented landscape structure could be achieved by introducing 16 species of lower flammability than maritime pine into the study area. This study proved the usefulness of this methodological approach for guiding sustainable changes in homogeneous, unmanaged forest landscapes prone to fire. Further research is needed regarding integrated planning approaches that incorporate environmental, economic and social dimensions (e.g., human desertification of rural areas).

In forested wetlands, hydrology exerts complex and sometimes compensatory influences on tree growth. This is particularly true in semi-arid ecosystems, where water can be both a limiting resource and a stressor. To better understand these relationships, we studied hydrologic and edaphic controls on the density, growth, tree architecture and overall productivity of forested wetlands dominated by the tree species Alnus glutinosa and Salix atrocinerea in Southern Europe. We sampled 49 plots set within 21 stands in the Atlantic coastal zone of the Iberian Peninsula, and quantified woody composition, size structure (diameter and height), and radial growth using dendrochronology. Plots were grouped into three saturation classes to compare tree growth characteristics (tree density, degree of sprouting, live basal area and productivity) across levels of saturation. We used Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to create integrated explanatory factors of hydrology, soil nutrient status and soil texture for use in linear mixed models to predict stand characteristics. Increased site saturation favoured a shift in species dominance from Alnus to Salix and resulted in a higher degree of multi-stemmed tree architecture (‘shrubbiness’), particularly for Alnus. Radial growth was negatively correlated with long-term soil saturation; however, annual productivity on a per-tree basis varied by species. Alnus growth and tree density were negatively correlated with waterlogging and fine-textured soils, possibly due to anaerobiosis in the rooting zone. In contrast, Salix growth was more influenced by nutrient limitation. Overall site productivity as measured by annual basal area increment decreased with prolonged saturation. In summary, soil saturation appears to act as a chronic stressor for tree species in this ecosystem. However, these species persist and maintain a dominant canopy position in the most permanently flooded patches through increased sprouting, albeit at a reduced rate of overall biomass accumulation relative to well-drained sites. The diversity in functional responses among wetland forest species has important implications for the conservation and management of these ecosystems. The sustainable management of these ecosystems is directly tied to their vulnerability to changing hydrological conditions. Non-equilibrium modifications to the hydrologic regime from land use and climate change, which are particularly severe in semi-arid regions, may further decrease productivity, integrity and resilience in these stress-adapted communities.

Road networks can have serious ecological consequences for many species, mainly through habitat fragmentation and mortality due to collisions with vehicles. One example of a species impacted by roads is the giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla), currently listed as Vulnerable by IUCN. Here we analysed the relative effect of fragmentation and mortality due to roads on giant anteater populations and show the critical areas for their persistence in Brazil. We estimated minimum patch size and maximum road density to evaluate the impact of the road network and observed road-kills on this species. We explored different scenarios by varying values of dispersal capacity to estimate the minimum patch size, and also of population densities to estimate maximum road density for giant anteater persistence. Our findings indicated that the minimum patch size can be from 498 to 247 km2 and the maximum road density can vary between 0.21 and 0.55 km/km2 in pessimist and optimistic scenarios, respectively. In Brazil, habitat fragmentation seemed to have a major impact over giant anteater populations. Habitat fragmentation due to roads seemed to have a more negative effect than mortality due to collisions with vehicles. Critical areas for the species persistence can represent 32% of its range in the optimistic scenario with 18% of suitable patches below the minimum size and 0.1% above the maximum road density. This study provides insights and implications for road networks on giant anteater populations in Brazil and guidance on road density and patch size thresholds for land managers and road agencies charged with planning ecologically sustainable roads in Brazil.

op a numerical simulation of the global biogeochemical cycles of carbon that works over time scales extending from years to millions of years. The ocean is represented by warm and cold shallow water reservoirs, a thermocline reservoir, and deep Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific reservoirs. The atmosphere is characterized by a single carbon reservoir and the global biota by a single biomass reservoir. The simulation includes the rock cycle, distinguishing between shelf carbonate and pelagic carbonate precipitation, with distinct lysocline depths in the three deep ocean reservoirs. Dissolution of pelagic carbonates in response to decrease in lysocline depth is included.The simulation is tuned to reproduce the observed radiocarbon record resulting from atomic weapon testing. It is tuned also to reproduce the distribution of dissolved phosphate and total dissolved carbon between the ocean reservoirs as well as the carbon isotope ratios for both13C and14C in ocean and atmosphere. The simulation reproduces reasonably well the historical record of carbon dioxide partial pressure as well as the atmospheric isotope ratios for13C and14C over the last 200 yr as these have changed in response to fossil fuel burning and land use changes, principally forest clearance. The agreements between observation and calculation involves the assumption of a carbon dioxide fertilization effect in which the rate of production of biomass increases with increasing carbon dioxide partial pressure. At present the fertilization effect of increased carbon dioxide outweighs the effects of forest clearance, so the biota comprises an overall sink of atmosph ric carbon dioxide sufficiently large to bring the budget approximately into balance.This simulation is used to examine the future evolution of carbon dioxide and its sensitivity to assumptions about the rate of fossil fuel burning and of forest clearance. Over times extending up to thousands of years, the results are insensitive to the formulation of the rock cycle and to the dissolution of deep sea carbonate sediments. Atmospheric carbon dioxide continues to increase as long fossil fuel is burned at a significant rate, because the rate of fossil fuel production of carbon dioxide far exceeds the rates at which geochemical processes can remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. The maximum concentration of carbon dioxide achieved in the atmosphere depends on the total amount of fossil fuel burned, but only weakly on the rate of burning. The future course of atmospheric carbon dioxide is, however, very sensitive to the fate of the forests in this simulation because of the important role assigned to carbon dioxide fertilization of plant growth rate. Forest clearance drives up atmospheric carbon dioxide not only by converting biomass into atmospheric carbon dioxide but more importantly by reducing the capacity of the biota to sequester fossil fuel carbon dioxide. In this simulation, atmospheric carbon dioxide levels could be sustained indefinitely below 500 parts per million (ppm) if fossil fuel combustion rates were immediately cut from their present value of 5 × 1014m/y to 0.2 × 1014 m/y (a factor of 25 reduction) and if further forest clearance were halted. If neither of these conditions is met and if we consume most of the world's fossil fuel reserves, peak carbon dioxide concentrations of 1000–2000 ppm are probable within the next few centuries.

Nowhere in the eastern United States is the conflict between the conservation of the rich biological diversity of existing forested landscapes vs. a continued expansion of suburban/exurban development more evident than in the case of Sterling Forest, a 7245 ha tract of land on the New York–New Jersey border. This paper reports on our application of geographic information systems (GIS)-based assessment and landscape ecological principles to assess the environmental sensitivity of Sterling Forest lands and to prioritize lands for conservation protection. This GIS assessment served as the basis of subsequent negotiations of a compromise conservation-development plan by a coalition of land conservation trusts and the land owner/developer. Sterling Forest represents a useful case study of the application of GIS technology by the non-profit environmental groups in successfully undertaking an independent analysis of a regionally important land use issue.

The maintenance of the rural population, culture and landscape and the conservation of natural resources are the priority objectives of the new European agricultural policy as defined in Agenda 2000 fundamentally through rural development actions aimed at encouraging the diversification of economic activities in the rural environment and the valorisation of existing natural resources and farms.Soria province is a clear example of the problem of depopulation in the mountainous areas of inland Spain. It also has an abundance of a number of natural resources, in terms of forest masses of great ecological and productive value, which over time have configured a socio-economic structure that is much better prepared to meet the demographic crisis that has been affecting non-forest areas over the past 50 years.In this work, we show that in areas where forest uses predominate as the basic element of the local economy (either directly through wood production or indirectly through the value of their recreational and environmental externalities) the fall in population has been noticeably less than in areas where livestock or agricultural activities predominate.

The incidence of summit-type mire erosion has been investigated in a mire complex in the Forest of Bowland, Lancashire, using a combination of palaeoecological and radiometric techniques in conjunction with documentary evidence. Macrofossil analyses suggest that Sphagna have been a dominant component of the vegetation on Fairsnape Fell over the last 2000 years. However, over the last 100 years, Sphagnum species have disappeared from many areas. We conclude here that this decline was caused by the onset of summit-type erosion, which in turn was initiated through a combination of unusual factors: a period of below-average rainfall in the region in the early 1900s, resulting in lowered water tables in the peat; exceptional summer drought in 1921; and a decline in management standards because of shortage of gamekeepers after the First World War. We believe that these precipitated a catastrophic burn (probably in 1921), which may well have been accidental in origin. High levels of atmospheric pollution did not cause the loss of Sphagnum, but may have influenced their ecology. The heather moorland and blanket mires of Bowland are internationally important habitats for many species of bird of prey, as well as being economically important for grouse shooting. Consequently, catastrophic fires that cause large-scale degradation of upland peat landscapes have important implications for the conservation of these ecosystems and of the scientific archive preserved in peat ecosystems. It is suggested that high sheep-stocking levels on Bowland may prevent recolonisation of bare peat surfaces, thereby allowing peat erosion to continue.

Converting assemblages of marine protected areas (MPAs) into functional MPA networks requires political will, multidisciplinary information, coordinated action and time. We developed a new framework to assist planning environmental representativity in a network across the marine space of Portugal, responding to a political commitment to protect 14% of its area by 2020. An aggregate conservation value was estimated for each of the 27 habitats identified, from intertidal waters to the deep sea. This value was based on expert-judgment scoring for environmental properties and features relevant for conservation, chosen to reflect the strategic objectives of the network, thus providing an objective link between conservation commitments and habitat representativity in space. Additionally, habitats' vulnerability to existing anthropogenic pressures and sensitivity to climate change were also scored. The area coverage of each habitat in Portugal and within existing MPAs (regionally and nationally) was assigned to a scale of five orders of magnitude (from <0.01% to >10%) to assess rarity and existing representation. Aggregate conservation value per habitat was negatively correlated with area coverage, positively correlated with vulnerability and was not correlated with sensitivity. The proposed framework offers a multi-dimensional support tool for MPA network development, in particular regarding the prioritization of new habitats to protect, when the goal is to achieve specific targets while ensuring representativity across large areas and complex habitat mosaics. It requires less information and computation effort in comparison to more quantitative approaches, while still providing an objective instrument to scrutinize progress on the implementation of politically set conservation targets.

Estimation of forest attributes using remotely sensed data has being as a new potential for continuous management of natural resources. Simple statistical models such as linear regressions are most used approach that has been used by researchers. Applying other regression types in forest attribute estimations and their spatial modeling using decision tree analysis such as regression tree may be more usefulness compare to linear regression. In a case study in the Hyrcanian forests, northern of Iran, the capability of linear and regression tree analyses were compared to estimation of stand volume, tree density and tree diversity. Stepwise multiple regression and regression tree analyses were conducted to evaluate relationships between forest characteristics as dependent and ETM + bands and vegetation indices as independent variables. Performance assessment of models was examined using RMSE and Bias on the unused validation plots. The results of analysis showed that statistical models of stand volume, tree density, species richness and reciprocal of Simpson indices using tree regression analysis had higher adjusted R2 and CE compare to linear regression models. In addition, the performance results showed that RMSE of models using tree regression were 88.7 m3/ha, 157n/ha, 1.15 and 0.61 respectively for stand volume, tree density, species richness and Simpson index, Whereas, the RMSE of obtained models using linear regression were computed about 97m3/ha, 170n/ha, 1.51 and 1.15, respectively.

We develop a numerical simulation of the global biogeochemical cycles of carbon that works over time scales extending from years to millions of years. The ocean is represented by warm and cold shallow water reservoirs, a thermocline reservoir, and deep Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific reservoirs. The atmosphere is characterized by a single carbon reservoir and the global biota by a single biomass reservoir. The simulation includes the rock cycle, distinguishing between shelf carbonate and pelagic carbonate precipitation, with distinct lysocline depths in the three deep ocean reservoirs. Dissolution of pelagic carbonates in response to decrease in lysocline depth is included.The simulation is tuned to reproduce the observed radiocarbon record resulting from atomic weapon testing. It is tuned also to reproduce the distribution of dissolved phosphate and total dissolved carbon between the ocean reservoirs as well as the carbon isotope ratios for both 13C and 14C in ocean and atmosphere. The simulation reproduces reasonably well the historical record of carbon dioxide partial pressure as well as the atmospheric isotope ratios for 13C and 14C over the last 200 yr as these have changed in response to fossil fuel burning and land use changes, principally forest clearance. The agreements between observation and calculation involves the assumption of a carbon dioxide fertilization effect in which the rate of production of biomass increases with increasing carbon dioxide partial pressure. At present the fertilization effect of increased carbon dioxide outweighs the effects of forest clearance, so the biota comprises an overall sink of atmosph ric carbon dioxide sufficiently large to bring the budget approximately into balance.This simulation is used to examine the future evolution of carbon dioxide and its sensitivity to assumptions about the rate of fossil fuel burning and of forest clearance. Over times extending up to thousands of years, the results are insensitive to the formulation of the rock cycle and to the dissolution of deep sea carbonate sediments. Atmospheric carbon dioxide continues to increase as long fossil fuel is burned at a significant rate, because the rate of fossil fuel production of carbon dioxide far exceeds the rates at which geochemical processes can remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. The maximum concentration of carbon dioxide achieved in the atmosphere depends on the total amount of fossil fuel burned, but only weakly on the rate of burning. The future course of atmospheric carbon dioxide is, however, very sensitive to the fate of the forests in this simulation because of the important role assigned to carbon dioxide fertilization of plant growth rate. Forest clearance drives up atmospheric carbon dioxide not only by converting biomass into atmospheric carbon dioxide but more importantly by reducing the capacity of the biota to sequester fossil fuel carbon dioxide. In this simulation, atmospheric carbon dioxide levels could be sustained indefinitely below 500 parts per million (ppm) if fossil fuel combustion rates were immediately cut from their present value of 5 × 1014 m/y to 0.2 × 1014 m/y (a factor of 25 reduction) and if further forest clearance were halted. If neither of these conditions is met and if we consume most of the world's fossil fuel reserves, peak carbon dioxide concentrations of 1000–2000 ppm are probable within the next few centuries.

The Bicknell's thrush (Catharus bicknelli) is among North America's migratory bird species of greatest conservation concern. Protecting habitat at both ends of its range has been identified as a high priority action. An estimated 90% of the species' global population overwinters on the island of Hispaniola, where ongoing habitat loss is a severe problem. Preventing further loss of Bicknell's thrush habitat on Hispaniola will require, among other efforts, establishing conservation areas on private lands, where success will depend on cooperation with landowners. This paper considers a voluntary incentive program to landowners in the Dominican Republic to yield a cost-effective network of protected habitat to sustain overwintering Bicknell's thrush populations. TAMARIN, a Geographic Information System (GIS) based model, evaluates the economic and ecological considerations for a voluntary bid scenario where landowners sell their property rights to a government agency or non-governmental organization. Results indicate that two scientific reserves in northeastern Dominican Republic could be connected under one viable forest fragment valued at US $5.5 × 106, increasing the total protected land by 87% to 19,357 ha. Incorporating the spatial variability of economic costs and biological benefits into a conservation program, such as the Bicknell's Thrush Habitat Protection Fund will help planners achieve habitat conservation at least cost.

The long-term persistence of boreal caribou (Rangifer tarandus caribou) is threatened by the negative impacts of human activities, including industrial development. The vast geographical distribution and behavioural variability of caribou warranted the development and validation of an appropriate conservation tool for managers in eastern Canada. We developed a habitat suitability model for boreal caribou in Québec by integrating expert knowledge into a hierarchical analysis. We elicited responses from 14 experts on caribou ecology to determine the best spatiotemporal scales of application, the relative importance of habitat variables, the zone of influence of human infrastructure, and the parameterization of the model. Based on this input, we built the model using 8 habitat categories and 3 human infrastructure variables. Experts identified mature conifer-dominated forests and open lichen woodlands as the most important vegetation categories for boreal caribou, whereas density of and proximity to paved roads, forest roads, and mines decreased habitat quality. We mapped the resulting model over the entire province of Québec (up to the northern forest allocation limit), and validated it using independent GPS telemetry datasets acquired in 3 distinct regions. Our model predicted that habitat suitability was highest in the northeastern part of our study area, where timber harvest activities and roads were virtually absent. Conversely, southern parts of Québec were generally unsuitable for boreal caribou. Our habitat suitability model is among the first tools for boreal caribou conservation available to wildlife and land managers in Québec.

Emerging contaminants (ECs) such as pharmaceuticals, personal care products, drugs of abuse and polar pesticides are under particular attention due to their high consumption, frequent detection in the environment and reported ecotoxicological risk. This study investigates the occurrence and distribution of multiclass of ECs in surface waters at basin scale of two Atlantic coastal lagoons of Uruguay, South America. For this purpose, a target screening approach covering up to 362 compounds was employed using nanoflow liquid chromatography – high resolution mass spectrometry (nanoLC/HRMS). 56 compounds were identified including five banned pesticides in the European Union: atrazine, carbendazim, chlorpyrifos ethyl, diazinon, and ethion. Pharmaceuticals, hormones and drugs of abuse showed maximum detection frequencies and concentrations downstream cities. The highest occurrence of pesticides was found in lagoons and streams with neighboring agricultural activity. ECs were also found in coastal sea. Environmental risk assessment revealed that the hormones 17α-ethinylestradiol and 17-β-estradiol showed the highest risk to aquatic organisms in these basins. This study represents the first basin- scale monitoring of ECs in superficial waters encompassing streams, lagoons, and coastal seas in Uruguay, South America.

Forestry decentralization and devolution reforms involve the transfer of rights, resources and responsibilities related to the governance of forest resources. One of the consequences of these reforms is a reconfiguration of the patterns of interactions between multiple governance actors, which may create friction as actors with different interests shift positions within the governance structure. These shifts may imply important differences with regards to access to power, information, and flows of benefits from forest resources. In this paper, we explore how forestry decentralization affects the propensity for forest-related conflict among forest governance actors. We draw on qualitative field research from the North Atlantic Autonomous Region of Nicaragua to develop a set of hypotheses about the effect of decentralization on conflict. We argue that decentralization generates conflict and that lack of transparency and accountability in reform processes further contributes to more conflict. We hypothesize that over time, under effective decentralization reforms, increases in both transparency and accountability will lead to a decline in conflict. We then test these hypotheses with empirical data from interviews with local governance actors in Bolivia and Peru, two countries with contrasting degrees of forestry sector decentralization. The quantitative analysis finds that there is no clear relationship between decentralization, transparency or accountability and the prevalence of conflict. These findings lead us to conclude that the prevalence of conflict alone is not a particularly instructive indicator of forest governance performance and suggest that future research should pursue a better understanding of how decentralization may alter the nature of conflicts.

This paper is the outcome of a group discussion held at the Savonlinna meeting ‘Management of forest ecosystems and its impact on the GHG budget’. The aim of this break-out group discussion was to ‘Characterize forest management impacts on the GHG budget of forest ecosystems in different European regions’. In this paper we briefly characterize different options that a forest owner has in order to maintain or maximize forest carbon pools and carbon sequestration. These hectare scale descriptions of measures are then regarded in connection to the current state of European forests and how they can be combined with ongoing management trends and local issues. We point out the various possibilities that exist in European forests, where they are located, and where they could possibly be combined with adaptation. We identify these hotspots for largest growing stocks, largest peat areas, and, e.g. largest risks for loss of carbon due to fire or urban sprawl. We conclude that one common strategy cannot be designed. Within each region, local solutions have to be found that optimize goals and aim at integrated and sustainable land use.

From a conceptual point of view, national forest management standards in Latin American countries have progressed significantly in recent years. Examples include the Costa Rican Standards and Procedures for Sustainable Forest Management and Certification, developed by the National Commission for Forest Certification and in Nicaragua, the National Institute of Forestry proposal of principles, criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management. In line with general approaches worldwide, these national standards primarily focus on the fulfillment of sound forest practice. There is comparatively little emphasis on the assessment of management outcomes or changes in key components of the eco- and social-systems that result from management impacts. Essentially, there is little emphasis on adaptive management, though arguments that management cannot be sustainable if it is not adaptive are persuasive. This study sought to contribute to the development of standards that include elements for adaptive management that define, communicate and evaluate sustainable forest management in Costa Rica and Nicaragua. Elements from the national standards and the CIFOR generic C&I template (predominantly focused on forest management outcomes) were used as a starting point. The basic research process consisted of three phases of evaluation (in-office, desk and field). The evaluations were carried out by multidisciplinary, international groups of experts in forest ecology, management and policy. This study demonstrated the value of forums and workshops that facilitate exchange between forest scientists and policymakers; the innovation and application of a practical, applicable and scientifically based methodology for developing national level C&I; and acceptance of this methodology by key players in the fields of forest management and policy. These experiences and the resulting proposals of C&I for the evaluation of ecologically sustainable forest management are expected to be used as points of reference for future development of forest policy in Costa Rica and Nicaragua, and to contribute to the overall understanding of C&I development processes in the region.

The rocky montane savannas of South America, known as campos rupestres in Brazil, where they largely occur, represent a hyperdiverse habitat housing c.15% of the Brazilian vascular flora in less than 1% of the Brazilian territory. Amongst other factors, the remarkable plant diversity in campos rupestres has been attributed to its occurrence as many isolated patches and to floristic influences from surrounding habitats, including lowland woody savannas (cerrado), Atlantic rain forests, seasonally dry woodlands and Amazonian rain forests. However, no study has assessed the degree to which the putative floristic influence from surrounding habitats drives compositional variation in campos rupestres. Here, we used a dataset on the composition of South American woody plant communities (4,637 community surveys, with 115 representing campos rupestres), combined with environmental data, with the aim of characterising and explaining compositional variation of the campos rupestres woody flora. Our results showed that all campos rupestres, including the sites occurring in Amazonian ironstone formations, are more similar to cerrado woody savannas than to any other South American vegetation formations covered in our dataset. Also, multiple campo rupestre floristic groups may be recognized based on distinct species composition and environmental conditions, primarily related to substrate and climate. We stress the importance of considering this floristic heterogeneity in conservation, management and research planning.

We monitored breeding bird communities and vegetation both before and after Hurricane Katrina category 2 winds severely damaged extensive bottomland hardwood forest of the Pearl River basin, south Louisiana. Many trees were felled by wind, most others were stripped of leaves and branches, and the canopy opened considerably (57%). Blackberry thickets sprouted and expanded to cover almost all of what was previously a patchily open forest understory. The bird community changed distinctively following the hurricane, driven primarily by increased density of species that prefer dense understory (regenerating) habitat. Individual species that increased significantly in density included one year-round resident, Carolina wren, and five breeding migrants, white-eyed vireo, Swainson's warbler, Kentucky warbler, hooded warbler, and yellow-breasted chat. These patterns were predictable responses to the opened canopy and increased density of understory vegetation. However, over three years following the storm, most species, especially canopy breeders, showed no distinct numerical response to the hurricane, which suggests that the initial bird community was resistant to hurricane disturbance. Only one species, Acadian flycatcher, declined significantly after the hurricane, presumably because of loss of its preferred open understory breeding and feeding habitat. Our results thus document and reinforce the important role hurricanes play along the Gulf coast in structuring forest bird communities by altering understory habitat. We expect habitat changes will continue as invasive plant species further change forest community structure, and as large storms increase in frequency in relation to global climate change. Thus, we also expect continued changes to the bird community, which may include additional future declines.

The Caatinga is the least known Brazilian biome in terms of the diversity of Culicidae. No systematic study of the diversity or ecology of the mosquitoes of this biome is available, despite the importance of vector diseases in Brazil. The present study addressed the mosquito biodiversity in the Caatinga biome by sampling adult populations. Specimens were sampled monthly from March 2013 to September 2014 in a Caatinga conservation unit located in the Brazilian semiarid zone. Mosquito collections were carried out in Shannon traps from late afternoon to early evening, and manual aspiration was used to capture diurnal species as well. A total of 4,692 mosquitoes were collected. The most dominant and constant species were all undescribed species belonging to the genera Wyeomyia and Runchomyia, which together represented 80% of the specimens. The most abundant species of epidemiological importance was Haemagogus (Con.) leucocelaenus. The abundance of mosquitoes was positively associated with the relative humidity and temperature recorded during the month preceding the collection date. In the Caatinga, the diversity of adult mosquitoes was associated with the availability (quantity and diversity) of natural larval habitats found in the different phytophysiognomies of the biome, which vary according to temperature and humidity. The number of species unknown to science reflects the levels of endemism that exist in the study area, and reinforces the need to further taxonomic investigation in the biome.

Scholarship on the ecosystem services provided by urban forests has focused on regulating and supporting services, with a growing body of research examining provisioning and cultural ecosystem services from farms and gardens in metropolitan areas. Using the case of New York, New York, USA, we propose a method to assess the supply of potential provisioning ecosystem services from species and spaces other than those explicitly designated for food production. We analyze the abundance and spatial distribution of trees and shrubs with known uses for food, medicine, craft, and other purposes across urban greenspace types. To do so, we created a database of all woody species known to occur in New York City, joining a citywide assessment of trees and shrubs with additional data from a metropolitan flora and a guide to native plants in the city. A second database of useful, or forageable, species was created by compiling information from a New York City-focused online foraging application and ten field guides chosen for the likelihood that prospective foragers would find and consult them. The City’s street tree inventory and associated GIS shapefile provided the basis for more detailed analyses of forageable woody species in this land use type. Our results show a substantial supply of potential provisioning ecosystem services from woody species in New York City. Coupled with growing literature on actual foraging in cities worldwide, these findings suggest implications for accountings of ecosystem services from urban forests as well as policy and management initiatives to enhance social-ecological resilience.

Major hydroelectric dams are among key emergent agents of habitat loss and fragmentation in lowland tropical forests. Orchid bees (Apidae, Euglossini) are one of the most important groups of specialized pollinators of flowering plants in Neotropical forests. Here, we investigate how an entire assemblage of orchid bees responded to the effects of forest habitat loss, isolation and forest canopy degradation induced by a hydroelectric reservoir of Central Brazilian Amazonia. Built in 1986, the Balbina Dam resulted in a vast archipelagic landscape containing 3546 primary forest islands of varying sizes and isolation, surrounded by 3129 km2 of freshwater. Using scent traps, we sampled 34 islands, 14 open-water matrix sites, and three mainland continuous forests, yielding 2870 male orchid bees representing 25 species. Local orchid bee species richness was affected by forest patch area but particularly by site isolation. Distance to forest edges, either within forest areas or into the open-water matrix, was the most important predictor of species richness and composition. Variation in matrix dispersal of individual species to increasingly isolated sites was a key determinant of community structure. Given the patterns of patch persistence and matrix movements of orchid bees in increasingly fragmented forest landscapes, we outline how forest bees respond to the landscape alteration induced by major hydroelectric dams. These results should be considered in environmental impact studies prior to the approval of new dams.

The success of conservation efforts largely depends on broad-based public support. However, the growing separation between people and elements of nature, due to global processes such as urbanization, may decrease individual connection with nature and public support for conservation. Encouraging interactions between people and nature becomes, therefore, of major importance. As people spend most of the daily time at work, enhancing the interaction between people and biodiversity in their work places could sustainably benefit people and conservation directly (protecting biodiversity) and indirectly (via people’s actions). Yet, to date, little effort has been made to explore biodiversity in workplaces and its influence on the knowledge, perception and behavior of employees.In this study, we explored how top-down biodiversity-friendly initiatives (management of the outdoor areas, communication campaign with signs, exhibitions of nature photography) at work (power plant in rural France) can influence employees’ biodiversity-related knowledge, attitudes and behaviors, using a before-after survey. We showed that the influence of such initiatives in the workplace can have small but significant impacts on awareness and behavior of employees in their private everyday life. By implementing new settings in the everyday life of the employees, the studied company (the French electricity company EDF) may have defined new social norms in the workplace. Thus conserving biodiversity in workplaces may mutually benefit conservation directly through preserving local biodiversity and indirectly by influencing and strengthening people’s relationship to it.

The southern limit of European beech Fagus forests in Spain follows the Pyrenees and the Cantabrian mountains. In the Central Prepyrenees, beech is often mixed with fir Abies alba—also at the southern limit of its range—and covers the slopes exposed to cloud, where it forms isolated relict deciduous forests among the submediterranean and more widespread Quercus faginea woodland. These forests are scattered over the sierras running west to east for 160 km through the provinces of Zaragoza, Huesca and Lérida.A floristic and ecological study for conservation allows us to distinguish three types of beechwoods: (a) submediterranean forests with box Buxus sempervirens, growing on limestone or marls; (b) more or less isolated atlantic montane beechwoods, on eutrophic soils, and (c) acidophilous forests, over sandstones or other acidic soils. Most have been cleared or cut, not only for timber but also for grazing; in some cases Pinus sylvestris has spontaneously colonised the cleared areas and the former wood is able to regenerate; but in others the soil has been eroded, and regeneration of the beechwoods is inhibited, being replaced by submediterranean pastures or shrubs. At the present time, most of the forests are young, with trees 60–80 years old and only occasionally some up to 200 years.Reafforestation was always with pines, but in many cases by opening up terraces—a very destructive procedure causing soil erosion—and with too many roads. Most of the forest belongs to the State, and the Regional Administration of Forestry (Aragon) is now studying their maintenance, first by the establishment of the Sierra de Guara Natural Park and also by declaring many ‘protective forests’.In this paper we study their present situation and dynamics, emphasize their great ecological, landscape and didactic value and propose a number of beechwoods to be protected: Montsec, Aubenç and Malpás (Lérida); Gabardiella, Monte Peiró, Bonansa and La Garona (Huesca) and Puy Moné (Zaragoza).

The detection of vegetation fires using remote sensing has proven useful for highlighting areas undergoing rapid conversion in humid forests, but not in tropical dry forest (TDF). To further understand this relationship, we explored the correlation between MODIS Active Fires and forest cover change at local scales using 3 × 3 km sampling grids in three TDF landscapes in Bolivia; Mexico, and Brazil. Our analysis showed no single overall correlation among sites between the frequency of fires reported by the MODIS Active Fire Mapping product and forest cover change. Also, aggregated patterns of fire occurrence in Brazil and Bolivia did not correspond to areas with high percentage of forest loss, which indicates that the fire/deforestation relationship in TDF is not apparent in a simple fire frequency map. However, statistically significant correlations were found in sampling boxes with 50–60%, 50–70%, 50–95% forest cover at “initial state” of the time series in the Mexican site, Bolivian site and Brazilian site, respectively. Our findings suggest that complex interactions between anthropogenic fire-use, satellite-detected fires, and deforestation in highly fragmented TDF landscapes are difficult to describe at regional scales and might only be possible to analyze using finer resolution sampling grids.

n robust protected area networks, accurately measure species losses, or understand the processes that maintain species diversity, conservation science must consider the organization of biodiversity in space. Central is beta-diversity – the component of regional diversity that accumulates from compositional differences between local species assemblages. We review how beta-diversity is impacted by human activities, including farming, selective logging, urbanization, species invasions, overhunting, and climate change. Beta-diversity increases, decreases, or remains unchanged by these impacts, depending on the balance of processes that cause species composition to become more different (biotic heterogenization) or more similar (biotic homogenization) between sites. While maintaining high beta-diversity is not always a desirable conservation outcome, understanding beta-diversity is essential for protecting regional diversity and can directly assist conservation planning.

We review the state of fungal conservation in Europe. Despite a large public interest in fungi, they are often insufficiently considered in the conservation initiatives of most countries and not adequately heeded in international biodiversity agreements. We attribute this to the generally low profile of fungi among conservation stakeholders and decision makers together with limited efforts of mycological scientists to put mycological knowledge into a conservation context. Recent advances in mycological knowledge, taxonomy, distribution, ecology and threats now categorically enable fungi to be included within national and European conservation agendas. 33 European countries have produced fungal Red-Lists reporting the status of macrofungi and these are official in 20 countries. These lists indicate that at least 10 % of European larger fungi are threatened, mainly due to changing land use and nitrogen deposition. Fungal biodiversity may benefit from many general conservation efforts, but many specific fungus values are also overlooked. We advocate increased interaction between scientists and conservation coordinators and practitioners, greater promotion of fungi and their conservation and ecosystem service values by mycologists, the production of a European fungal Red-List and the need to integrate fungi with animals and plants in conservation issues.

Fishermen frequently switch their target fish species without documenting changes in which species they are targeting and the fishing practices used, generating misleading catchability information about the fish caught. To date, changes in target species have been incorporated in stock assessments at two different levels in analyses. First, these changes are taken into account during the parameterization of generalized linear models used to compute the CPUE index standardization. Second, changes in target species are directly incorporated as a time-varying catchability parameter during the fitting of the dynamic model used for the assessment. Here, we present an alternative method for this incorporation by specifying a single change point in the stationary distribution of the catchability coefficient in a Bayesian state-space production model. Two models were fitted to the time series of the south Atlantic blue shark (Prionace glauca) stock. In one of the models, only one catchability coefficient was estimated. In the other model, a change point was included, and two catchability coefficients were estimated, one before the change point, and the other after. Despite the latter model introducing an extra parameter, it produced a significantly better fit than the modeling approach without the change point. Although including a single change point in the catchability coefficient had no significant impact on the status of south Atlantic blue shark (which is still above BMSY), it provided a robust way of accounting for changes in catchability as a result of fishermen changing target species.

Understanding the environmental factors shaping savannah and tropical forest boundaries is important to predict tropical vegetation responses to climate change and other human-mediated disturbances. To better understand the soil characteristics affecting the distribution of Cerradão (Brazilian woodland savannah) and seasonally dry forest (SDF), two vegetation types occurring next to each other in a similar seasonal climate in south-eastern Brazil, we compared several leaf chemical and morphological traits associated with soil pH and resource availability of Cerradão and SDF woody species. Leaf functional traits were measured for 25 Cerradão and 27 SDF species. We performed between-site comparisons with either all species pooled using phylogenetically independent contrasts or species shared between Cerradão and SDF, as well as congeneric pairs. We found higher specific leaf area and leaf nitrogen, potassium, calcium and sulfur concentrations for SDF species. We did not find higher concentrations for leaf phosphorus and manganese (Mn) for SDF species, despite a higher concentration of these nutrients in SDF soil. Cerradão plants had higher leaf iron (Fe), Mn and aluminium (Al) concentrations. For most of the traits assessed, variance was higher among species and genera than between sites. Nutrients with greater availability in the SDF soil did not invariably exhibit higher concentrations in the leaves of SDF species, indicating that these were not limiting for plant productivity. Higher concentrations in the leaves of Cerradão species for Al, Fe and Mn are probably a consequence of lower soil pH, which increases the availability of these elements. In spite of the differences in belowground resources and the divergence for some traits between Cerradão and SDF, our results show high diversity in leaf functional traits within communities and a similarity of leaf functional traits in closely related species in the contrasting habitats. Besides, we surmise that soil pH is an important factor affecting Cerradão and SDF species distribution, excluding SDF species from more acidic soils, because of the toxic effects of Al, and possibly also Mn and Fe.

Roughly 90% of butterfly species live in the tropics. Despite this, we know very little about tropical butterfly ecology particularly when compared to temperate butterfly systems. The relative scarcity of data on tropical butterfly populations hampers our ability to effectively conserve them. In this review we summarize recurring themes from ecological research on tropical butterflies to serve as a framework for understanding their conservation. Key themes include: (1) the tropics represent the evolutionary origins of butterfly diversity, (2) while some tropical butterflies exhibit relatively stable population dynamics, longer-lived adult stages, and more continuous age-specific reproduction compared to temperate zone species, the generality of these patterns is debatable, and (3) complex species interactions (e.g. mimicry, parasitism and predation) can have significantly greater influences on ecological and evolutionary processes in tropical butterflies than in temperate ones. This state of ecological knowledge, combined with scarce resources, has traditionally constrained tropical butterfly conservation efforts to habitat level approaches, unlike the species- and population-specific approaches familiar in North America and Europe. Consequently, much conservation research on butterflies in the tropics has focused on the relationship between habitat quality (e.g. forest fragmentation) and butterfly diversity, though predictive patterns even in this regard remain elusive. We argue that with the increasing threats of habitat destruction, fragmentation and climate change, it is necessary to move beyond this diversity and habitat relationship if we are to improve predictive capabilities when evaluating anthropogenic impacts on tropical butterfly communities. Tropical butterflies are more than just useful indicator species. They represent some of the most spectacular and visually appealing organisms in the world and play many vital roles in tropical ecosystems. We hope that this synthesis will lay the groundwork for future ecological studies of tropical butterfly populations, species, communities and conservation.

There are several methodologies for the characterization and evaluation of river habitats. The scientific community has made a great effort in designing the best indexes for this purpose, and they have also been tested in different countries and rivers. Nevertheless, there has not been a transfer of that knowledge to land managers of these spaces or, at least, to those who design improvement and restoration measures. The aim of our research was the assessment of the Riparian Forest Quality Index (QBR), the “Riparian Quality Index” (RQI) and the “Fluvial Habitat Index” (IHF) as indicators of the ecological status of fluvial habitats and their application in restoration projects. The main results of this study were that the IHF index could be used as a support resource and as a monitoring tool to assess the habitat heterogeneity before and after any action is taken. However, when we evaluated the QBR and RQI indexes, the best results were with the first one. The total QBR suggests the urgency level of restoration in the section that is evaluated, and each of its sub-indexes identifies which element of the river is affected. Therefore, it will be a useful tool in decision making for the conservation of these characteristic spaces, especially for engineers who, as a result of their experience in biological and ecological processes, are involved in the design and building of ecosystems, particularly in rivers and on their banks.

In the wet forest regions of southwest Sri Lanka and the Western Ghats, India, Pinus caribaea was a common tree species for reforestation on public lands that were originally cleared of native forest for agriculture but subsequently succeeded to fire tolerant grasses and ferns. Much of this reforestation occurred during the 1970s and 1980s. The ecological literature suggests that in many temperate broadleaf forest regions pine is an important component of early succession on old fields, beneath which second growth hardwood can establish and eventually dominate. More recent studies have demonstrated the establishment of native rain forest regeneration beneath a variety of exotic tree plantations. We review nearly twenty-five years of research on this topic for South Asia through a series of studies done in southwest Sri Lanka. Results demonstrate that native species recruitment of both pioneers and site generalist late-successional trees grow well beneath exotic pine plantations. Diversity and density increase from plantation interior to edge. Protection from groundstory fire is the single most important component of promoting regeneration recruitment beneath pine. Establishing late-successional site and dispersal restricted species requires planting beneath pine rather than reliance on natural establishment. Best establishment and growth occur in openings where rows of canopy pine have been removed. Species considered for planting comprise the major late-successional canopy tree species of the forest in the genera Dipterocarpus, Shorea (Dipterocarpaceae) and Mesua (Clusiaceae). Native species that produce non-timber forest products (NTFP) need to be planted with best results in canopy openings. The most valuable NTFP’s comprise a sugar palm (Caryota urens), rattan (Calamus spp.) and a medicinal liana (Coscinium fenestratum). Financial analyses reveal that pine plantations that are enrichment planted and cultivated with rain forest timber and non-timber species can provide superior economic benefits as compared to land cultivated singly for tea.

egradation is a global environmental issue, but its definition is problematic. Difficulties include choosing appropriate reference states, timescales, thresholds, and forest values. We dispense with many such ambiguities by interpreting forest degradation through the frame of ecological resilience, and with reference to forest dynamics. Specifically, we define forest degradation as a state of anthropogenically induced arrested succession, where ecological processes that underlie forest dynamics are diminished or severely constrained. Metrics of degradation might include those that reflect ecological processes shaping community dynamics, notably the regeneration of plant species. Arrested succession implies that management intervention is necessary to recover successional trajectories. Such a definition can be applied to any forest ecosystem, and can also be extended to other ecosystems.

Exotic and native tree species have been widely used in the West Africa to reverse the tendency of land degradation. Although benefic effects have been reported on soil stabilization, a lack of information about their impact on soil symbiotic microorganisms still remains. This investigation has been carried out in a semiarid Sahel region and aimed to survey the abundance and diversity of natural legume-nodulating rhizobia (LNR) and arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungal communities in soil samples from deforested and man-made forest systems. A genetically diverse LNR population is supported by the phylogenetic analysis, which clustered the isolates into three genera: Bradyrhizobium, Mesorhizobium and Sinorhizobium. The results showed that the man-made forest systems increased the LNR abundance and genetic diversity as well as the soil phosphorus and nitrogen contents. By contrast, strong modifications have been recorded in the characteristics of the AM fungal communities. The number of AM fungus taxa as well as the mycorrhizal inoculum potential (MIP) of soils decreased drastically in the man-made forest systems in comparison with the deforested land. In addition, the larger-spored AM fungi (Scutellospora and Gigaspora) were specifically found in soil samples from the deforested land. The displacement of larger-spored species was associated with a concomitant proliferation of small spored (Glomus) species. We conclude that man-made forestry can modify the soil symbiotic microorganisms and the results support the need for further adoption of management practices that could improve or sustain the development of herbaceous layers to promote the soil AM fungal communities.

Brazil has extensive forests and savannas on deep weathered soils and plays a key role in the discussions about carbon sequestration, but the distribution of soil organic carbon (SOC) stocks up to 1 m depth has not been investigated in Brazil using machine learning techniques. In this study, we applied a methodological framework to optimize the prediction of SOC stocks for the entire Brazilian territory and determine how the environmental heterogeneity of Brazil influences the SOC stocks distribution. We used a legacy dataset of 8227 soil profiles which consisted of 37,693 samples. For each profile, the vertical distribution of SOC and bulk density were interpolated to standard depths (0–5, 5–15, 15–30, 30–60 and 60–100 cm) using mass preserving equal-area quadratic splines. The covariates database was composed of 74 variables including bioclimatic (temperature and precipitation) data, soil and biome maps, vegetation indexes and morphometric maps derived from a digital elevation model, with a 1 km spatial resolution. To obtain the best prediction performance, we tested four machine learning algorithms: Random Forests, Cubist, Generalized Linear Model Boosting and Support Vector Machines. Random Forests showed the best performance in predicting SOC stocks for all depths, with the highest performance at 30–60 cm for training (R2 = 0.32) and validation (R2 = 0.33); hence, it was selected for the spatial prediction of SOC stocks. The most important covariates selected by Random Forests using the recursive feature elimination were: soil class, sum of monthly mean temperature (SAMT), precipitation, slope height and vegetation indexes (NDVI, GPP). In total, Brazilian soils store approximately 71.3 PgC within the top 100 cm, where the first 0–30 cm contains almost 36 PgC. Approximately 31% of the total SOC stocks (22.2 PgC) occurs in protected areas (2.6 million km2), which are not subjected to land use pressure and carbon losses. Although the Amazon biome has the highest amount of stored SOC (36.1 PgC), its soils do not represent a good potential for carbon accumulation. Among soil classes, the Luvisols showed the lowest SOC density (6.45 kg m−2) and the Histosols presented the highest values (14.87 kg m−2). More than 57% of the total SOC was found in nutrient-poor, deep-weathered Ferralsols and Acrisols, which are the dominant soils in Brazil. The presented methodological framework covers all steps of prediction process, building maps with known accuracy and has great potential to be used in future soil carbon inventories at large scales. Concerning conservation issues, the results highlight the importance of nature reserves for protecting SOC in the long-term.

This paper presents carbon stocks and fluxes of the whole-tree biomass of European forests and other wooded land, distinguished by coniferous, deciduous and mixed forests. The results are presented at the European, national and (where possible) regional level. Results concerning carbon stocks, and fluxes of Net Ecosystem Production and Net Biome Production for whole-tree biomass (excluding wood products and soils) were derived from a detailed European forest resource database and converted to carbon using biomass conversion factors. Uncertainties and differences from other estimates are discussed.Based on these detailed national forest inventory data, the estimated carbon stock in whole-tree biomass for the European forest, excluding Russia and the Newly Independent States, amounts to 6.15PgC. The annual sink before harvest is estimated at 217TgC and the sink after harvest is estimated at 77TgC. The variations in stocks and fluxes throughout Europe are large, with the largest carbon stocks and the largest sinks in Atlantic and Central Europe (regions with abundant precipitation and a not too extreme temperature or drought regime). This paper indicates ways of both maintaining the carbon sink in the forest and at the same time producing wood for bio-energy. Main problem may not be the physical availability of wood, but the fact that bioenergy based on woody biomass requires a completely different way of thinking and acting of the energy producers.

Recent ‘New Conservation’ approaches called for more ecosystem services (ES) emphasis in conservation. We analysed data from 3757 Natura 2000 special protection areas (SPAs) and translated positive and negative impacts listed by conservation managers into indicators of the use of nine provisioning, regulating and cultural ES. Overall, the use of ES is considered by SPA managers to affect conservation goals more negatively than positively. ES associated with livestock keeping and fodder production are recorded as having the highest fraction of positive impacts on SPAs, ranging from 88% and 78% in the Boreal biogeographic region to 20% and 6% in the Mediterranean. The use of ES varied according to dominant habitat class, highlighting the dependence of specific ES on associated ecosystem functions. For instance, fibre production was the predominant ES throughout forest habitats while crop, fodder and livestock exhibit similar patterns of dominance across agricultural landscapes. In contrast, the use of wild food and recreation activities are seen as causing mainly negative effects across all habitats. Our analysis suggests that most uses of ES result in negative effects on conservation goals. These outcomes should be considered when implementing future conservation strategies.

The maintenance of forest fragments within urban landscapes is essential for human well-being, as the loss of biodiversity may result in a reduction of ecological services in cities. Conserving diverse functional groups within urban landscapes is essential, since it is directly related with the resilience of such ecosystems. Through the use of indicator groups, it is possible to draw predictions on how communities respond to increasing urbanization. The goal of our study was to assess how the increase of urban land cover affects the assemblage and functional groups of dung beetles (Scarabaeinae) that inhabit forest fragments in a tropical city. We sampled dung beetles in nine fragments embedded in the metropolitan region of João Pessoa, Brazil. Increasing urbanization negatively affected the abundance of coprophagous species, as well as the species richness, abundance and biomass of roller beetles. Assemblages from the most urbanized forest fragments were significantly different from the other fragments. According to the decomposition of β diversity, species turnover was the main process shaping the dung beetle assemblages in João Pessoa. In this study we provide evidence that specific functional groups of dung beetles are affected by urbanization. Furthermore, as each functional group has different strategies to occupy habitats and use resources, urbanization has contrasting effects for each group. Our results confirm that dung beetles are highly sensitive to urbanization and that protected areas within cities are fundamental to conserve biodiversity and ecosystem services.

Despite landscape-level changes in fruit quantity, food resources may be constantly available to frugivorous animals if they track asynchronous fruit peaks. To investigate fruit availability patterns and their consequences on bird abundance, we tested for the occurrence of seasonal patterns in fruit production at three elevations (range 500–1000 m asl) in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest over three years and compared these patterns among the elevations and years. Fruit production occurred throughout the year and showed only slight seasonality, and only at the two higher elevation sites. Contrary to expectation, fruiting peaks were neither predictable nor complementary. A few plant species (about 5%) contributed disproportionately to the high annual variation of fruit production in plant communities. We found no relationship between fruit production and bird capture rates of both generalist and specialist fruit eating species, suggesting that birds do not track fruit resources along the gradient, at least in some parts of the Atlantic Forest, or in some years. The apparent constancy of fruit availability probably does not stimulate birds to track to other elevations. In addition, plants with high annual variation in fruit production could be influencing and biasing our assessment of this relationship.

The conversion of natural and semi-natural forests into plantations is an increasing trend across European landscapes under abandonment. In Northwest Iberian Peninsula, current land use changes, namely neglected management (or even abandonment) of maritime pine (Pinus pinaster) and blue gum eucalypt (Eucalyptus globulus) stands by individual landowners, represents a major challenge for landscape planning and management. The consequences of these changes for within-stand tree diversity and structure are still under-investigated. Here, we evaluate how fine-scale diversity and spatial structure of tree assemblages in the core area of stands change with land conversion. Fifty stands were selected in a farming landscape of Northwest Portugal. At the center of each stand, a 100 m2 plot was surveyed for tree species richness and structural diversity, diameter at breast height (DBH) and spatial location of individual trees. Spatial distribution patterns of trees were evaluated using autocorrelation tests and point pattern analyses. Overall, the interior of pine stands showed higher tree diversity, with more heterogeneous DBH structure and complex patterns of tree distribution, compared to eucalypt and even abandoned mixed stands. Such differences seem to result both from the inherent characteristics of the dominant tree species, and from the differential management applied within each type of forest mosaics. Therefore, active landscape management in the study area should be promoted, particularly focusing on pine co-existence with eucalypt stands in the same landscape as a sustainable strategy to achieve both conservation and production goals.

Tropical forest understory birds are declining globally for unknown reasons, indicating an urgent need to understand the causes. We review and synthesize studies investigating causes of these declines focusing on the Sarapiquí region of the Caribbean slope of Costa Rica. We discuss evidence for five potential causes of population declines motivated by current understanding of the effects of fragmentation, disturbance of remnant forests, climate change, and their possible interactions: (1) reduced forest area increases the probability of stochastic extirpation; (2) reduced connectivity among forest patches decreases population rescue opportunities; (3) degradation of preferred microhabitats due to, for example, abundant large mammals, jeopardizes specialized birds’ foraging opportunities; (4) high nest predation rates reduce productivity below replacement levels; and (5) changes in macro- and microclimate increase energetic demands and reduce survival. Our review documents how tropical forest loss and degradation likely impact understory birds through a variety of direct, indirect, and interrelated causes spanning multiple temporal and spatial scales and levels of biological organization. We propose that the processes affecting understory birds in the Sarapiquí region may be broadly representative of threats experienced by rainforest understory birds pantropically. Effective conservation will require consideration of such diverse and interacting factors.

Many studies report the history of fire in pine dominated forests but almost none have occurred on islands. The endemic Canary Islands pine (Pinuscanariensis C.Sm.), the main forest species of the island chain, possesses several fire resistant traits, but its historical fire patterns have not been studied. To understand the historical fire regimes we examined partial cross sections collected from fire-scarred Pinuscanariensis stands on three western islands. Using dendrochronological methods, the fire return interval (ca. 1850–2007) and fire seasonality were summarized. Fire-climate relationships, comparing years with high fire occurrence with tree-ring reconstructed indices of regional climate were also explored. Fire was once very frequent early in the tree-ring record, ranging from 2.5 to 4 years between fires, and because of the low incidence of lightning, this pattern was associated with human land use. After ca. 1960, the fire regime changed to a more widespread pattern at a lower frequency. Climate variability was not associated with widespread fires early in the fire record. After 1960, widespread fire years were significantly drier than normal while antecedent conditions were wetter. Over the last several decades fire suppression has essentially eliminated all but the largest, higher intensity wildfires, establishing a new fire regime. We suggest strategies that promote fire as a forest management tool to restore a fire regime consistent with historical patterns. Canary Island pine could be useful in management programs in fire prone environments of the world because of its fire trails (fire tolerance and sprouting ability).

Molecular phylogeography can lead to a better understanding of the interaction between past climate events, large-scale vegetation shifts, and the evolutionary history of Neotropical seasonal forests. The endangered timber tree species Cedrela fissilis is associated with seasonal forests and occurs throughout South America. We sampled C. fissilis from 56 sites across the species’ range in Brazil and Bolivia and obtained sequence data for nuclear and chloroplast DNA. Most specimens (149 out of 169) exhibited intraindividual polymorphism for the nuclear internal transcribed spacer (ITS). Cloning and an array of complementary sequence analyses indicated that the multiple copies of ITS were functional paralogs – concerted evolution in C. fissilis appeared to be incomplete. Independent Bayesian analyses using either ITS or cpDNA data revealed two separate phylogenetic lineages within C. fissilis that corresponded to populations located in separate geographic regions. The divergence occurred in the Early Pliocene and Late Miocene. We argue that climate-mediated events triggered dispersal events and split ancestral populations into at least two large refugial areas of seasonal forest that were located to the east and west of the present day Cerrado. Upon recent climate amelioration, formerly isolated lineages reconnected and intraspecific hybridization gave rise to intraindividual polymorphism and incomplete concerted evolution in C. fissilis.

Effective management of semi-aquatic animals requires detailed information on upland habitat use around aquatic habitats. Quantifying the amount of habitats needed to sustain local animals’ populations is a crucial criterion when setting protective buffers to water bodies, especially for amphibians, which depend on these upland habitats for breeding and development. Differences in upland habitat use can emerge among amphibian species with distinct life-history traits, including reproductive-strategy (pond-breeding vs. non-pond breeding anurans), life-stage (adults vs. juveniles), and sex (males vs. females). To date there has been no quantitative study of upland habitat use in the Neotropics, which can provide a baseline for quantifying the amount of upland forested habitats needed to sustain local amphibian populations. We monitored three ponds for over two sampling year using drift fences with pitfall traps to investigate how reproductive-strategy, life-stage, and sex affect anuran upland habitat use in a forest remnant in the Atlantic Forest hotspot. We found no differences in upland habitat use between adult and juvenile anurans. However, we found that although the species richness of pond-breeding and non-pond breeding anurans was similar near wetlands, there was greater abundance of pond-breeding compared to non-pond breeding anurans. We also found a strong difference between the sexes in pond-breeding anurans, with males remaining closer to wetlands than females. Thus, the sex ratio of amphibian populations can be strongly skewed toward males if only small protective terrestrial buffers (50-m) are enforced during land development. Our findings also point to the inadequacy of current Brazilian policies to protect small wetlands and the fauna that depend on them. We recommend that policymakers adjust regulatory criteria to set hierarchical protective buffers around wetlands allowing different levels of land-use intervention.

The present paper addresses the conservation planning and management issues of terrestrial ecosystems with particular insight to small islands (with examples of application in the Macaronesian archipelagos of Cape Verde, Canaries, Madeira and Azores). It analyses specific conservation planning and management approaches and proposes concrete characterization and evaluation frameworks able to support decision and management processes ensuring an active and participative involvement of all concerned stakeholders. These methodological perspectives involve not only new paradigmatic approaches to the process of characterization and evaluation of environmental elements and processes as well as their use and disturbance through land use, but also regarding the individual and collective perspectives regarding benefice and supporting management behaviours. Some examples from islands of the Macaronesian archipelagos, in particular Pico in the archipelago of Azores and Santiago in the Cape Verde archipelago, are used to illustrate some possible management approaches, involving the consideration of the entire island as a conservation object and mobilizing their actors (individuals, groups, administrations or other organizations) as conscious, participative stakeholders. These examples involve possible land use and management changes and trade-off processes specific to each island that are listed and explained.

Understanding how urban nature is important to the public can broaden management objectives and give citizens a say in how nature is managed in the places where they live. However, studies on the topic do not usually integrate multiple research methods: and case studies, or have an opportunity to reflect on an understanding of the value-elicitation process, which is vital for strengthening future research. This article synthesizes multiple qualitative and quantitative research studies that focused on developing an understanding of how the public values the urban forest. Investigating urban-forest public values provides opportunities to understand how the public assigns importance to urban nature in a context where the benefits of nature to humans are less tangible. The studies took place in four Canadian and three Colombian cities, and elicited values from 1289 participants and respondents with the use of field tours, personal diaries, focus groups, photo-elicitation, interviews, and side-walk interception surveys. The synthesis presented here merged the value codes from all case studies to develop a general framework of urban forest public values, and analysed the relationship between the value codes, case studies, and research methods, using qualitative and quantitative meta-analysis techniques. By integrating these rich data sets, we reveal the complex structure of the aesthetic, ecological, economic, environmental, health, psychological, and socio-cultural ideas that these members of the public associate with the urban forest. The quantitative research methods in our studies mostly elicited aesthetic and environmental values, while the qualitative methods elicited all types of values, while enriching descriptions of psycho-social and natural-ecological values. Future research on public values associated with nature can be strengthened by deepening the natural experience of participants, and by using open-ended and collective value-elicitation mechanisms.

A Humic Cambisol developed over granite under Pinus pinaster Sol. located in the Atlantic climate zone, which had been affected by a high intensity wildfire, was studied 1 month after burning. The soil had a very rich organic matter A horizon, 30 cm deep. The effects of the fire on the N status and N mineralization capacity were estimated comparing the surface (0–5 cm) and subsurface (5–10 cm) layers from the burnt soil with the corresponding layers from the same unbumt soil. N mineralization kinetics were determined by aerobic incubation at 28°C for 11 weeks. The fire increased the total N content in the surface layer but not in the subsurface. Total inorganic N, which was mainly in the form of NH+4-N, increased after the burning in both layers, whereas NO−3-N content, which was very low, only increased in the subsurface layer. The fire increased the N mineralization capacity, but did not modify organic N mineralization behaviour. Ammonification largely predominated over nitrification in both the unburnt and the burnt soils. N mineralization kinetics followed the first order equation Nm = N0((1 − e−kt) but the fire affected the kinetic parameters. The potentially-mineralizable N decreased and the kinetic constant increased in the burnt samples showing that the wildfire reduced the mineralizable organic-N reserves and increased the mineralization rate, thus predicting a rapid depletion of the labile organic N. The temporary ability of the burnt soil to supply available N is recommended to be used to grow an early crop to avoid physical soil degradation.

In some tropical regions, following the abandonment of agriculture and pastures, secondary forests can recover plant species richness and forest structure (e.g. canopy cover, biomass); however, the importance of these secondary forests for fauna is not clear. Secondary forests can benefit fauna by providing suitable habitats, connecting forests fragments, and increasing gene flow. Previous studies of forest regeneration have showed different levels of amphibian recovery. In Puerto Rico, 1–5 years old secondary forests achieved similar amphibian species richness and composition in comparison with old-growth forests, while in Brazil secondary forests from 14 to 19 years of recovery only recovered 60% of the species of old-growth forests. We evaluated amphibian recovery in secondary forests in northeastern Costa Rica, by assessing amphibian recovery in 12 secondary forests that vary in age of recovery and in three old-growth forests using visual and acoustic surveys. Our sites varied in terms of their landscape (e.g. amount of surrounding forest) and forest characteristics (e.g. forest age, aboveground biomass, basal area, number of tree species, number of stems, leaf-litter depth), but there was no relationship between these characteristics and amphibian species richness or species composition. We found that amphibians are recovering rapidly in secondary forests in Costa Rica, and even young forests (10–16 years) had similar species richness and composition in comparison with old-growth forests. These forests are providing suitable microhabitats conditions for amphibians. In addition, this study highlights the importance of landscape characteristics. The abundance of amphibian species sources (e.g. forest patches) and connections between forests appear to be helping the species colonize these sites. Worldwide, the area of secondary forests is increasing, and our results show that these habitats are suitable for a diversity of amphibian species, suggesting that these forests can help reduce amphibian population and species decline.

Palm heart from Euterpe edulis (palmiteiro) is one of the most important non-timber forest products (NTFP) exploited from the Mata Atlântica region of southeastern Brazil. In this paper, we examine the structure of natural forests and its impact on regeneration, growth and yield of palmiteiro in the Mata Atlântica region. Flowering and seed production of mature palmiteiros are variable but approximately one-half of all ‘seed-bearing’ palmiteiros flower and produce seed in any given year. Our results suggest that as the density or abundance of other woody plants increases, regeneration, survival and growth of palmiteiro is usually reduced. High densities of palmiteiro itself appear to suppress growth, while harvesting of mature palmiteiro leads to a marked increase in the growth of smaller size classes of palms. A reduction in the density or abundance of trees, lianas and tree-ferns would appear to benefit palmiteiro, but the differences in forest structure between the study sites suggests that successful management strategies may differ depending upon site conditions. A native bamboo (Guadua tagoara) limits the regeneration of many woody plants, but it appears to have only a limited effect on the survival, regeneration and growth of palmiteiro.

Increasing trends of atmospheric nitrogen (N) deposition due to pollution and land-use changes are dramatically altering global biogeochemical cycles. Bryophytes, which are extremely vulnerable to N deposition, often play essential roles in these cycles by contributing to large nutrient pools in boreal and montane forest ecosystems. To interpret the sensitivity of epiphytic bryophytes for N deposition and to determine their critical load (CL) in a subtropical montane cloud forest, community-level, physiological and chemical responses of epiphytic bryophytes were tested in a 2-year field experiment of N additions. The results showed a significant decrease in the cover of the bryophyte communities at an N addition level of 7.4 kg ha−1 yr−1, which is consistent with declines in the biomass production, vitality, and net photosynthetic rate responses of two dominant bryophyte species. Given the background N deposition rate of 10.5 kg ha−1yr−1 for the study site, a CL of N deposition is therefore estimated as ca. 18 kg N ha−1 yr−1. A disordered cellular carbon (C) metabolism, including photosynthesis inhibition and ensuing chlorophyll degradation, due to the leakage of magnesium and potassium and corresponding downstream effects, along with direct toxic effects of excessive N additions is suggested as the main mechanism driving the decline of epiphytic bryophytes. Our results confirmed the process of C metabolism and the chemical stability of epiphytic bryophytes are strongly influenced by N addition levels; when coupled to the strong correlations found with the loss of bryophytes, this study provides important and timely evidence on the response mechanisms of bryophytes in an increasingly N-polluted world. In addition, this study underlines a general decline in community heterogeneity and biomass production of epiphytic bryophytes induced by increasing N deposition.

Forest regeneration may reduce the current loss of species due to tropical deforestation, but little is known about the extent and inter-specific variability of this effect. We compared the probability with which nine parrot species use old-growth and secondary forests in a ∼400 km2 Amazonian landscape, while considering two types of habitat use: perching and flyover use. Perching use, when individuals stop at a sampling site, implies resting, foraging, or breeding activities; flyover merely implies that parrots fly through, above the canopy at a site. We established 155 sampling sites spanning old growth and approximately 30-year-old secondary forest, and sampled them repeatedly using autonomous audio recorders. Perching and flyover use were distinguished based on the temporal variation of intensity in parrot vocalization sonograms. We modeled our data with a set of species-specific, multi-state occupancy models that estimate the probability of each type of use for both habitats while accounting for imperfect species detection. Models were fit in a maximum likelihood framework and ranked according to the Akaike information criterion. All but one species fly over both habitats with the same probability, while seven out of nine show a higher probability of perching in old growth than in secondary forest. Interspecific variation in response to habitat change was not explained by variation in body mass or relative brain size. After three decades of forest regeneration in our study area, there are still measurable differences in habitat use, with a broad tendency for parrots to favor old growth over secondary forest.

The understanding of tree growth pattern under competition in natural forests is important to support strategies and actions of forest management. The objective of this study was to evaluate the retrospective growth and competition among trees of Araucaria Forest remnants in south Brazil. Dendrochronology was applied to recover growth information of Podocarpus lambertii Klotzsch ex Endl. from different strata. Rouvenien and Kuuluvainen 2 was the selected index to analyze retrospective competition between trees. It was possible to adjust an equation relating competition and diameter increments. Trees that had reached the forest upper canopy were less subject to competition in the last 30 years and probably throughout their lives. Competition variation of trees from lower strata is much larger, showing greater growth fluctuation in trees that fought for light during their lifetime. We tested this procedure on P. lambertii from Araucaria Forest, but we believe that it will be also useful to analyze growth and competition interactions among other species. Modeling individual trees’ growth with such competition analysis tools will enable the improvement of silvicultural treatments for natural forests management under specific criteria.

Puffers are biologically and ecologically fascinating fishes best known for their unique morphology and arsenal of defenses including inflation and bioaccumulation of deadly neurotoxins. These fishes are also commercially, culturally, and ecologically important in many regions. One-hundred-and-fifty-one species of marine puffers were assessed against the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List Criteria at a 2011 workshop held in Xiamen, China. Here we present the first comprehensive review of puffer geographic and depth distribution, use and trade, and habitats and ecology and a summary of the global conservation status of marine puffers, determined by applying the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List Criteria. The majority (77%) of puffers were assessed as Least Concern, 15% were Data Deficient, and 8% were threatened (Critically Endangered, Endangered or Vulnerable) or Near Threatened. Of the threatened species, the majority are limited-ranging habitat specialists which are primarily affected by habitat loss due to climate change and coastal development. However, one threatened puffer (Takifugu chinensis – CR) and four Near Threatened puffers, also in the genus Takifugu (which contains 24 species total), are wide-ranging habitat generalists which are commercially targeted in the international puffer trade. A disproportionate number of species of conservation concern are found along the coast of eastern Asia, from Japan to the South China Sea, with the highest concentration in the East China Sea. Better management of fishing and other conservation efforts are needed for commercially fished Takifugu species in this region. Taxonomic issues within the Tetraodontidae confound accurate reporting and produce a lack of resolution in species distributions. Resolution of taxonomy will enable more accurate assessment of the conservation status of many Data Deficient puffers.

Habitat loss and fragmentation represent major threats for the conservation of apex predators, such as the jaguar (Panthera onca). Investigating species' resource selection behavior in response to landscape alteration is critical for developing relevant conservation management plans. The jaguar is found across a variety of habitats with different gradients of human disturbance, making them a good candidate to study how apex predators respond to increasing intensity of human land use. We developed resource selection models to characterize patterns of jaguar resource selection at two different spatial scales, home range (coarse) and foraging scale (fine). This analysis was based on the largest existing GPS-location dataset for jaguars (n = 40 individuals, n = 87,376 locations), spanning the species' geographic range in Brazil and Argentina. We found that both males and females jaguars exhibited an overall preference for forests and areas close to watercourses at both the home range and foraging scale. At the foraging scale, areas of high livestock density “attracted” male jaguars. We also performed a follow-up analysis to test for context-dependent resource selection (i.e., functional responses) by relating individual behavior to local habitat characteristics. We found that jaguars in heavily-forested landscapes showed strong avoidance of non-forest. Furthermore, we found that only the individuals in closest proximity to watercourses showed positive selection for water. Our results highlight that jaguars display different patterns of resource selection in different areas, demonstrating a considerable ability to use or tolerate a wide variety of different conditions across the species geographic range. This plasticity may allow jaguars to adjust their behavior according to land use changes but also increases human-jaguar conflict and jaguar mortality, especially in areas with high livestock density.

Areas affected by forest fires that occurred in 2005 were mapped in the municipalities of Boca do Acre and Lábrea (in the southern part of Brazil’s state of Amazonas) and estimates were made of the loss of biomass and carbon stock and the committed emissions from increased tree mortality due to fire. Fire scars observed on Landsat-5 TM satellite images from 2004 to 2006 were visually interpreted and digitized; over 865.6 km2 of forest affected by fire were mapped, the majority (2.9% of the total forest cover) concentrated along the southern edges of the municipalities, which border on the states of Rondônia and Acre. The greatest loss of biomass due to the increase in tree mortality was indicated by the survey made 4 years after the fires: 4.5 × 106 Mg total (above + below-ground) and 3.7 × 106 Mg (only above-ground). Consequently, 2.2 × 106 Mg C (total) and 1.8 × 106 Mg C (above-ground) of potential carbon emissions were committed from the initial burn of forest biomass and from trees killed by the fire. Emissions occur both through oxidation of dead biomass by decomposition or through combustion in subsequent fire events. Our results indicate that fires can affect extensive tracts of forest and can emit significant amounts of carbon to the atmosphere in periods of drought. Fire plays a significant role as a threat to the biological balance of the forest and causes loss of biomass and emission of greenhouse gases that have critical implications for the future of forests in the Amazon.

The conservation of biodiversity in Latin American metropolitan areas is threatened by the intense land-use and -cover change. Assessing the overall biodiversity changes in entire regions faces with the traditional lack of consistent biodiversity data. This work aims at contributing to this assessment through a set of major pressures to biodiversity defined from land-use and -cover changes, and evaluating their extent, distribution and correlations with geographical variables. The study was performed in the framework of the Metropolitan Urban Plan of Concepción (MUPC, Chile). Land-use and -cover maps were obtained through image classification for the years 2000 and 2010, before and after the MUPC approval, and combined in a land-use and -cover change (LUCC) map. A set of pressures to biodiversity (natural and artificial forestation, deforestation, agricultural abandonment and expansion, and urbanization) was obtained from reclassifying the LUCC map. The correlations of these pressures with a set of geographical variables were assessed using canonical ordination methods. Finally, a preliminary forecast analysis of the effects of the MUPC was performed by combining the land-use and -cover map of 2010 with the urban-extension areas of the plan.Results showed that, in only 10 years, 57% of the Concepción Metropolitan Area (CMA) was affected by land-use and -cover changes, and 48% was affected by the pressures to biodiversity. Artificial forestation and deforestation were the dominant pressures, followed by agricultural abandonment and urbanization. The geographical distribution of pressures during the 2000–2010 period also contributed to affect the conservation of biodiversity and the sustainable management of the CMA. Indeed, natural forestation occurred close to urbanization, thus threatening the ecological integrity of native forests, while artificial forestation, deforestation and agricultural abandonment took place in steeply areas thus increasing landslide risk. Despite urbanization was not the most relevant pressure in the short studied period, urban development planned in the MUPC would determine an overall increase of 60% in the built-up area of the CMA, mostly affecting brushwood and forest plantations but also native forest and wetlands. Implications of these results for the strategic environmental assessment (SEA) and the sustainable management of Latin American metropolis are finally discussed.

Choice experiments are used to investigate the preferences and the willingness to pay of foreign tourists and Costa Ricans for increased support for nature conservation and scenic beauty through a system of Payments for Environmental Services (PESs). In order to assess preferences for these different public goods services of private forests, survey respondents were asked to choose between spatially differentiated areas to receive PESs. Through different experts and focus groups, the establishment of PESs in remote areas was acknowledged to favor nature conservation and their establishment in accessible areas, to favor scenic beauty.A survey was conducted among Costa Rican residents and both Costa Rican and foreign tourists. Results of the nested multinomial logit model show that both populations support increased PESs dedicated to both nature conservation and scenic beauty. These results were robust across respondents with different socioeconomic characteristics, but among both populations higher income groups were more willing to contribute to PESs. Willingness to pay for nature conservation PESs was greater than for scenic beauty reflecting an acceptance of the existence value of nature. Respondents' preferences for alternative payment vehicles were mixed, with foreign tourists preferring voluntary contributions and Costa Ricans being indifferent. This research demonstrates that choice experiments, including a significant initial research step of experts and focus group consultation, can aid in incorporating stakeholder preferences into the design and evolution of conservation policy instruments.

A recent shift in conservation policy from the site scale to the ecosystem or landscape scale requires underpinning by large-scale species distribution data. This poses a significant challenge in conserving small/less charismatic species (SLCS's) whose often cryptic nature can result in spatially restricted sampling, thus preventing landscape scale conservation projects from being realised for these ecologically important groups.Species distribution models (SDMs) can provide a powerful tool to bridge this gap. However, in the case of SLCS's (here lichen epiphytes in temperate rainforests of western Scotland are used as a model system), direct predictor variables exist at micro-scales (millimetres to centimetres), which are not extensively available in landscape-scale datasets. Here we identify a group of well-mapped larger-scale ‘compound variables’ which capture the effect of multiple direct predictors (such as bark pH and topography), and test whether they can be successfully used to predict species distributions at the landscape scale, circumventing the need for direct (micro-scale) predictor data.By testing the SDMs more widely within western Scotland, accurate predictions of species presence/absence could be made throughout the region for 5 of the 9 lichen epiphytes, making these SDMs extremely valuable as a conservation planning tool.Species distribution models utilising compound variables as predictors offer a solution to the paucity of species distributional data for SLCS's, and present a valuable resource in conservation planning for such species. The importance of testing the SDMs outside of a training region to prevent prediction error is highlighted however.

This region, comprised between the Kouilou estuary and Pointe-Noire, is characterised by a very specific morphological setting. On the continental side, the coastal sector is dominated by cliffs of sand over 100 m high, referred to as the Série des Cirques, whereas, on the ocean side, very active erosion is presently taking place which has resulted in a retreat of the shoreline of more than 100 m over the last hundred years.New 14C datings and different analyses of organic matter and clay minerals (X-Ray data) were performed in order to reconstruct the geological and ecological evolution of the area during the Late Holocene and replace it in the palaeoclimatic scheme deduced from previous regional studies.From 7 to 6000 yr cal BP, the accumulation of important beach barriers by the oceanic drift allowed the definition of a narrow swamp depression several tens of kilometres long.A dense ombrophile and hydromorphic forest, in spite of being very close to the oceanic coast, remained sheltered from any brackish influence and fed accumulations of peat and organic muds. The emersive trend of 3000-2000 yr BP, i.e. the passage from a vast forest swamp with a water body several metres deep to a wet zone with some emersions, is expressed by a large colluvial accumulation.High primary production is not clearly attested in this wet area. High HI values would indicate rather long-lasting conservation in a swampy environment, the lowest values indicating alternating episodes of emersion and immersion. In such peatlands, OM preservation is favoured by an anoxic environment and rapid burial.The δ 13C values of older peats dated ca. 7000 yr cal BP are −28 to −26‰, typical of a C3 origin. Thus, the ca. −16‰ value indicates the greatest opening of the cover, suggesting a forest-savanna mosaic ca. 2500 yr cal BP. At Kivesso, several proxies suggest a wetter trend towards 500 yr cal BP. An ultimate drier trend is observed during the last two centuries, which has been attested to by a δ 13C ratio indicating a clear decrease of the forest extent, probably linked to local Kivesso edaphic conditions.

Integrating biodiversity conservation into forest management is a major goal in sustainable forestry. Hence, target values for forest structural and compositional stand characteristics are required to ensure wildlife habitats of sufficient extent and quality. Yet, the possibility to meet these targets depends on the patch conditions, notably their initial state and future trajectory. Shaped by succession, site conditions and management regime, not all forest stands can be readily converted into a particular state, which calls for flexible management prescriptions. Using the example of two forest grouse species, capercaillie and hazel grouse, we sought complementary variable combinations – with quantitative thresholds for any given crucial habitat feature – which would likewise offer suitable habitat. Habitat variables were mapped in sampling plots within occupied and non-occupied 1 km2 grid cells distributed across three Swiss mountain regions. Generalized linear mixed models (GLMM) were combined with conditional inference trees (CIT) to identify species-relevant variable combinations and variable thresholds. Important features for both species were the proportion of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) and the number of basal-branched trees, as well as a low proportion of beech (Fagus sylvatica) in the canopy layer. Hazel grouse additionally favoured rowans (Sorbus aucuparia) as feeding trees and a high percentage of herbs in the ground layer, while the presence of inner forest edges was additionally important for capercaillie. Thresholds were not clear-cut: different values applied for a particular variable depending on other, functionally similar habitat variables present at the site. By delivering information about relevance, interactions and the required amount of crucial variables, we provide alternative options for flexible species habitat management which allows accounting for the prevailing stand conditions.

Dispersal syndromes and networks must be used cautiously in conserving and restoring seed-dispersal processes. In many tropical forests most tree and shrub species require dispersal by animals for local persistence and for migration in response to environmental change. The most important errors to avoid in practical use of both dispersal syndromes (suites of fruit and seed characteristics that attract different dispersal agents) and network modules (groups of interacting dispersal agents and plants bearing fruits or seeds that they eat) are: (1) assuming that use of fruit resources by fruit-eating animals implies effective seed dispersal; (2) assuming that superficially similar fruits imply equally effective dispersal by similar animals, and (3) assuming that fruit resources at issue support animal populations. This essay explores strengths and weaknesses of uses of dispersal syndromes and disperser networks modules in conservation and restoration. Examples include some that are consistent with expectations from syndrome categorization and some that are not. An unappreciated weakness in using either dispersal syndromes or network modules is that contingent foraging by animals in highly disturbed habitats, now comprising 60%–70% of tropical land biomes, may not resemble foraging choices or consequences in protected closed forests, where most research on tropical seed dispersal is done. General prescriptions for the future include maintaining or creating habitat heterogeneity in largely deforested landscapes where remnant closed forests still exist, and active restoration in landscapes where little heterogeneity remains. In both cases, adaptations of multiple frame-work tree approaches have the best chance of preserving or enhancing populations of animal-dispersed trees and their seed vectors, and in opening migration paths in response to climate change.

The cerco-fixo is an artisanal fishing trap widely used by traditional communities in the estuarine region of the southern coast of the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The primary goal of the study was to investigate, through ethnobotanical and ecological approaches, the use of plant species by traditional fishermen to build the cerco-fixo at Cardoso Island State Park and Cananéia Island. Ethnobotanical data were collected through interviews, direct observation, plant collection and identification, and document analysis. An ecological evaluation was also done comparing five 20 × 20 m plots in a managed area to five 20 × 20m plots in an unmanaged area, both within arboreal sandy soil vegetation called restinga arbórea, found within the Brazilian Atlantic Forest domain. This study involved 34 fishermen living at Cardoso and Cananéia Islands. The fishermen know more than 90 Atlantic Forest plant species that can be used to build the cerco-fixo. Tree species from the family Myrtaceae were the most quoted in the interviews. With respect to the ecological evaluation, the cluster analyses showed greater heterogeneity in terms of floristic composition (i.e. greater floristic dissimilarity) within the plots of the managed area. The analyses of diversity showed a slightly higher species richness and slightly lower values for Shannon, Simpson, Hurlbert’s PIE and Evenness indices in the managed area (59 species; H′ = 3.28; 1/D = 10.77; E = 0.80; Hurlbert’s PIE = 0.91) compared to the unmanaged area (54 species; H′ = 3.39; 1/D = 20.21; E = 0.85; Hurlbert’s PIE = 0.95). The Hutcheson’s t test showed no significant difference between both areas’ Shannon diversity indices (t: −1.04; p: 0.30). These results are attributed to the greater dominance of the palm species Euterpe edulis Mart. in the managed area (28.2% of the trees sampled at this area; n = 118), which equals twice the percentage of individuals of the same species found for the unmanaged area (14.6% of the sampled trees; n = 48). We discuss the impact of the fishermen’s harvesting practices in the managed area with an emphasis on three main points: (1) the harvesting practices are likely not contributing to a decrease in diversity in the managed area; (2) the greater heterogeneity in terms of floristic composition found for the managed area may reflect a mosaic pattern created by the opening of small tree-gaps distributed across this area over the course of more than 50 years; (3) the disturbance promoted by the fishermen’s harvesting practices can be compared to natural disturbances of low impact that create mosaic patterns in tropical forests. This study emphasizes the prominence of the human dimension in ecological processes and the importance of considering the perspectives of local people when discussing the conservation of the natural environments in which these people live.

Sterols and hydrocarbons were determined in the surface sediments from the transitional environment between Paranaguá Bay and the shallow continental shelf in the South Atlantic to assess the sources of organic matter (OM) and the contamination status of an area exposed to multiple anthropogenic inputs. Total aliphatic hydrocarbon concentrations were less than 10 μg g−1, which is typical of unpolluted sediments, and related to recent inputs from higher terrestrial plants. Total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon ranged from <DL to 14.41 ng g−1 (dry weight), which was predominantly derived from combustion with non-detectable levels occurring in 65% of the samples. Sterols typically related to marine sources predominated in the analysed sediments. Hence, the study area was protected from human activity. The relative absence of anthropogenic input and OM preservation clearly indicate that the organic markers analysed can be used to investigate the biogenic input of sedimentary OM in the study area.

Overhunting has caused severe decline or local extinction in many large-bodied mammals with direct consequences on plant regeneration, yet little is known about indirect impacts of selective defaunation on commensal species. Cascading effects of species extinction across dependent species groups are likely to occur in coprophagous beetles, because these invertebrates rely on mammal dung for food and nesting material. Both mammals and dung beetles provide important ecosystem services and cascading effects are likely to lead to rapid functional losses. In this study, we described changes in dung beetle communities across a gradient of selective defaunation in continuous Brazilian Atlantic rain forest. We compared the dung beetle assemblages in seven sites with different mammalian biomass and composition. The reduction in the mammalian biomass had a major effect on dung beetle communities by (1) increasing dung beetle abundance with decreasing overall mammal, primate and large mammal biomasses, (2) decreasing dung beetle species richness with decreasing overall mammal biomass and (3) decreasing dung beetle size with decreasing large mammal biomass. Moreover, our study demonstrated the importance of the composition of mammal communities in structuring dung beetle communities. This study documented how selective changes in mammalian biomass and composition affect dung beetle species communities, which in turn may have cascading consequences for the ecosystem. Since most of tropical ecosystems are facing dramatic changes in mammalian composition, it is urgent to evaluate the functional losses associated with such co-extinctions.

The science of ecosystem services has evolved significantly in the last decade following an increase in interest in the understanding and valuation of these services. Forests provide important ecosystem services that supply societal needs, such as timber, but this provision is not free of conflicts derived from the intensive management of forests. A GIS based approach using data from national forest inventories allows us to identify the provision of timber services and to conduct its valuation. The analysis includes a sample of 37,761 plots for 38 commercial tree species in the Spanish Mediterranean region, where we identify sustainable and non-sustainable forests in terms of harvesting intensities and value both the flow of benefits and their net present value. From the analysis we conclude that non-sustainable forests are providing higher economic returns than sustainable forests for most abundant tree species. However, when analysing long term trends, results show that sustainable forests yield higher economic benefits. This latter perspective is preferred when looking at the value of timber as a provisioning service of forests. According to our results, if we wish to encourage sustainability we need to (a) get lower discount rates adopted for the private sector and (b) ensure longer time horizons.

Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) has been cited as the main raw material for biodiesel production in Brazil. This oilseed is cultivated in the Brazilian Atlantic coast in mixed ‘spontaneous’ agroforest systems and in commercial plantations. Different oil palm cultivations derived from native rain forest can modify the soil organic carbon (C) dynamics. The aim of our study was to evaluate the changes in soil organic carbon (SOC) stocks after conversion of Atlantic forest into oil palm production in Bahia State, Brazil. Soil samplings were carried out in May 2008 and February 2009 in four areas: Native Atlantic Rain Forest (NARF), a mixed secondary forest/agroforestry Spontaneous System (SPSY), oil palm cultivated during 23 (OP23) and 34 years (OP34). The spatial variability of C and nitrogen (N) contents and the differences in soil C stocks between the avenues (inter-rows) and frond piles in oil palm areas were evaluated. We found the highest soil C contents in the region next the oil palm base (1.22% in OP23 and 1.49% in OP34). The soil C stocks were higher in frond piles (1.7 times in OP23 and 2.6 times in OP34) than in the avenues, due to inputs of soil organic matter by pruned fronds. The soil C stocks adjusted for a mass equivalent and different clay content decreased in SPSY. The OP23 area showed lower SOC stocks compared with native system. However, OP34 area showed the highest C stocks among the areas evaluated with an increase of 25% of the amount of SOC storage found under native vegetation. We found SOC storage of 34.7 Mg ha−1 and 66.6 Mg ha−1 under OP23 and OP34, respectively, indicating an increase of soil C stocks in oil palm plantations over time.

Forest ground vegetation constitutes the largest number of plant species that participate in forest dynamics. Single species or species groups of forest ground vegetation can be used as indicators for site conditions. Ground vegetation has to be accounted in forest simulation modeling if biodiversity dynamics are evaluated to serve the purpose of sustainable forest management. The usual approach is to segregate ground vegetation into plant functional types. However, there are other methods that could be used. In our contribution we propose to split ground vegetation into ecological-coenotic species groups. An application of the ecological-coenotic approach allowed for a forecasting of the dynamics of forest ground vegetation diversity on the basis of forest ecosystem modeling outputs, standard forest inventory data, and regional phytosociological data sets. A new software BioCalc designed for the forecasting of dynamics of forest ground vegetation diversity, and the EFIMOD model of the forest growth and element cycling in the forest–soil system is used for simulating the forest ecosystem parameters under different forest management regimes.An application of the proposed method for a study area situated in the Central European Russia is discussed. Two hundred-year dynamics of ground vegetation composition, forest types and species diversity is analysed under four forest management scenarios: NAT, natural development; SCU, selective cuttings; LRU, authorized by Russian legislation clear cuttings; ILL, non-authorized by the legislation but widespread clear cuttings. The simulation results showed that the total number of forest types is higher in all scenarios with cuttings relative to the NAT scenario. However, the NAT strategy leads to the growth of coniferous-broad-leaved forests close to the climax forest type of the study area. Cuttings hinder the development of climax forest structure due to the low level of deadwood in harvested forests and the absence of species-rich forest units dominated by nitrophilous tall herbs in the understorey. The NAT strategy leads to the highest species diversity in ground vegetation if a free forest development has taken place for rather long time, i.e. more than 100 years in the study area. The sum of species diversity is rather low for SCU, LRU, and ILL scenarios. It is 0.8, 0.7, and 0.6, respectively, in comparison with the NAT scenario. The SCU scenario lead to a simplification of ground vegetation together with a conservation of nemoral and boreal species. Scenarios with clear cuttings (LRU and ILL) maintain piny and meadow groups in ground vegetation.None of the forest management scenario leads to the maintenance of the whole set of ecological-coenotic groups in ground vegetation. Only a spatial combination of different management regimes in the forest area is necessary for the biodiversity restoration and maintenance.

Estimating patterns of habitat use is challenging for marine avian species because seabirds tend to aggregate in large groups and it can be difficult to locate both individuals and groups in vast marine environments. We developed an approach to estimate the statistical power of discrete survey events to identify species-specific hotspots and coldspots of long-term seabird abundance in marine environments. We illustrate our approach using historical seabird data from survey transects in the U.S. Atlantic Ocean Outer Continental Shelf (OCS), an area that has been divided into “lease blocks” for proposed offshore wind energy development. For our power analysis, we examined whether discrete lease blocks within the region could be defined as hotspots (3 × mean abundance in the OCS) or coldspots (1/3 ×) for individual species within a given season. For each of 74 species/season combinations, we determined which of eight candidate statistical distributions (ranging in their degree of skewedness) best fit the count data. We then used the selected distribution and estimates of regional prevalence to calculate and map statistical power to detect hotspots and coldspots, and estimate the p-value from Monte Carlo significance tests that specific lease blocks are in fact hotspots or coldspots relative to regional average abundance. The power to detect species-specific hotspots was higher than that of coldspots for most species because species-specific prevalence was relatively low (mean: 0.111; SD: 0.110). The number of surveys required for adequate power (> 0.6) was large for most species (tens to hundreds) using this hotspot definition. Regulators may need to accept higher proportional effect sizes, combine species into groups, and/or broaden the spatial scale by combining lease blocks in order to determine optimal placement of wind farms. Our power analysis approach provides a general framework for both retrospective analyses and future avian survey design and is applicable to a broad range of research and conservation problems.

Aphidophagous natural enemies significantly lower yield losses induced by aphids in cereals. This natural biocontrol is threatened, and conserving this ecosystem service requires better understanding of the factors that influence it. Natural enemies are mainly responsive to habitat diversity in the surrounding landscape. However, their positive response to landscape heterogeneity does not necessarily translate into more effective pest control. In this study, we investigated combined effects of production situation (including landscape heterogeneity) and agricultural practices, especially soil management, on an aerial natural biocontrol. Grain aphid populations and predation by a hoverfly species were assessed in 52 wheat fields under plowed, reduced-tillage or direct seeding systems, under conventional or organic management, at two nearby locations. The hoverfly populations that prey on aphids were studied by counting their pupae shells on ear barbs. Crop management and production situation were studied to describe pest occurrence and natural biocontrol. Both integrated (e.g. tillage type, organic management) and specific (e.g. nitrogen fertilization, rotation duration) variables were compared. Our main finding was that the integrated variables did not sufficiently explain aphid abundance and their biocontrol. Conversely, specific variables related to types of management were informative. Nitrogen fertilization induced an increase in aphid populations and the number of hoverfly pupae as the time since last plowing increased. Semi-natural habitats had considerable influence on the pest and its natural enemy; however, the strong influence of location observed in this study was not related to landscape composition. We showed that although the landscape did influence the potential for biological regulation, crop management enabled its expression and thus its effectiveness. Categorizing crop management practices too coarsely may masks effects of individual practices. Future studies on biological control of pests in agroecosystems will gain to finely describe cropping systems as well as landscape heterogeneity, if they are to unravel the explanatory variables on this utmost important ecosystem service for ecological intensification of agriculture.

Wildfire prevention advertisements featuring Smokey Bear represent the longest-standing and most successful government advertising and branding campaign in U.S. history. As the public face of U.S. fire control policy, Smokey Bear uses mass media to influence the attitudes and behavior of U.S. citizenry in order to accomplish particular outcomes related to wildfire prevention and suppression, forest protection, and resource management. Smokey Bear can therefore be viewed as a governmental instrument that simultaneously targets the behavior of the U.S. public and the biophysical materiality of combustible forests. Examining the evolution of Smokey Bear and related wildfire prevention media, we explore connections between state management of people, territory, and flammable landscapes. Borrowing from Nigel Clark (2011), we use the term pyropolitics to describe the resulting more-than-human assemblage of citizenship, fire suppression and forest ecology. Importantly, this pyropolitical assemblage has substantive and recursive impacts on state practice. Through aggressive wildfire prevention and suppression that include and extend beyond Smokey Bear, the U.S. state has transformed fuel loads, species compositions, and ecosystem dynamics across North America. One result is a heightened propensity toward catastrophic wildfire, requiring additional and sustained state intervention to maintain an imposed and unstable equilibrium. Thus even as the economic, social and cultural realities of U.S. civic life have changed over the course of the 20th and early 21st centuries – and even as knowledge of the ecological benefits of fire to ecosystem health has developed over time – the message of Smokey Bear has remained remarkably consistent, communicating an official imperative to prevent anthropogenic ignition.

Preserving large tracts of natural habitats is essential to maintain biodiversity. Nevertheless, even large areas may still suffer from less “visible” impacts such as loss of ecological processes. Because mapping ecological processes over large scales is not practical, an alternative is to map surrogate species that are key for those processes. In this study, we chose four species of Neotropical large mammals (the largest apex predator: jaguar – Panthera onca; the largest herbivore: tapir – Tapirus terrestris; the largest seed predator: white-lipped peccary – Tayassu pecari; and the largest arboreal seed disperser: muriqui – Brachyteles spp.) in an ecosystem with an old history of human impact (the Atlantic Forest) to test whether areas with native forest still harbor ecological processes that may guarantee long-term ecosystem maintenance. We gathered 94 locations with recent presence of the four species to map current ranges and model suitable areas. Our results reveal that 96% of the remaining Atlantic Forest is depleted of at least one of the four surrogate species and 88% is completely depleted of all four surrogate species. We also found that only 16% is still environmentally suitable for all four, and 55% is completely unsuitable to all four of them. Our study highlights the importance of looking beyond land cover to fully depict intactness of natural areas, and suggests that ecosystems with a long history of human impact (such as the Atlantic Forest) may be suffering from ecological impacts not seen at a first glance.

Preserving large tracts of natural habitats is essential to maintain biodiversity. Nevertheless, even large areas may still suffer from less “visible” impacts such as loss of ecological processes. Because mapping ecological processes over large scales is not practical, an alternative is to map surrogate species that are key for those processes. In this study, we chose four species of Neotropical large mammals (the largest apex predator: jaguar – Panthera onca; the largest herbivore: tapir – Tapirus terrestris; the largest seed predator: white-lipped peccary – Tayassu pecari; and the largest arboreal seed disperser: muriqui – Brachyteles spp.) in an ecosystem with an old history of human impact (the Atlantic Forest) to test whether areas with native forest still harbor ecological processes that may guarantee long-term ecosystem maintenance. We gathered 94 locations with recent presence of the four species to map current ranges and model suitable areas. Our results reveal that 96% of the remaining Atlantic Forest is depleted of at least one of the four surrogate species and 88% is completely depleted of all four surrogate species. We also found that only 16% is still environmentally suitable for all four, and 55% is completely unsuitable to all four of them. Our study highlights the importance of looking beyond land cover to fully depict intactness of natural areas, and suggests that ecosystems with a long history of human impact (such as the Atlantic Forest) may be suffering from ecological impacts not seen at a first glance.

This text presents a new methodological approach to ecological economic analysis, employing Georgescu-Roegen's flow-fund theory of economic process. It offers an alternative to monetary valuation based analyses and aims to contribute toward advancing work concerned with addressing complex ecological economic questions as complete wholes. The methodology is demonstrated through reference to the empirical case of a proposed rail link between Peru and Brazil, which would cut across the Sierra del Divisor of western Amazonia, connecting the Pacific and Atlantic coasts and further opening up the Amazon commodity frontier. In order to analyze the potential impacts of the rail-link, four flow-fund representations of economic process (two at the regional and two at the local level) are developed in order to juxtapose two alternative political economy contexts that might govern the rail-link's impacts in the region: one where conservation is prioritized over cash income and one where it is not. Our results suggest that completion of the rail-link under the current political economy context, which prioritizes cash income over conservation, is likely to have substantial negative consequences for forest conservation in both Peru and Brazil and for local livelihoods throughout the region.

The lowland rain forests of Central America are poorly known from the standpoint of management for timber production. We studied the stand dynamics of a logged Costa Rican rain forest under three different regimes of post-logging silvicultural treatment. The site was located on low hills with Ultisols in Holdridge's Tropical Wet Forest life zone. The Pentaclethra macroloba-dominated forest had been high graded before planned management began. Management of the 540 × 540 m (29.2 ha) experimental area began with a timber harvest in the whole area during 1989–1990, 4 trees ha−1 being cut overall for 10.1 m3 ha−1. The experimental plots were 180 × 180 m (3.24 ha), comprising a 100 × 100 m (1.0 ha) central permanent sample plot (PSP) with a 40-m wide buffer strip. Two types of post-harvest silvicultural treatment: liberation/refinement (in 1991) and shelterwood (in 1992) were applied under a complete randomized block design with three replicates, using logged but untreated plots as controls. PSP data reported are for the 1988–1996 period for individuals with ≥10 cm DBH. The most marked changes in forest structure were caused by silvicultural treatment, basal area under the liberation/refinement treatment being reduced to ca. 65% of its probable mature forest value. Recruitment exceeded mortality in the years following intervention under all three treatments, but forest structural recovery was slowest under the liberation/refinement treatment. Post-intervention mortality rates appeared higher under the liberation/refinement treatment than under the control or shelterwood treatments, though differences were not statistically significant. In relation to tree attributes, mortality rates increased with decreasing DBH increment, crown illumination and quality of crown form. Commercial DBH increments were higher under the liberation/refinement treatment than in control plots during the 1993–1996 period. On the basis of its response to intervention during the first seven years of management, the forest appears resilient and productive; trends over time in mortality rates under the most intense silvicultural regime require close attention however. Pentaclethra-dominated forests are important components of the productive forest resources of Costa Rica and Nicaragua and, given current deforestation rates in areas such as southern Nicaragua, it is now urgent that the existing biophysical knowledge of these forests be applied to forest conservation and management.

Understanding the origin and ecological dynamics of tropical savannas in terms of natural and human drivers of change is a hot topic that may be crucial for conservation. The case of the Gran Sabana (GS), a huge savanna island within the Amazon-Orinoco rainforests, is presented as a pilot study for the Neotropics. A vivid debate exists on whether or not forests formerly covered the GS and on the potential role of anthropogenic fires in the establishment of present-day savannas. This debate has generated a conflict between conservation ecologists defending the ancient forests hypothesis and indigenous inhabitants (Pemones), for whom the use of fire is an inalienable cultural trait. Here we discuss the latest palaeoecological findings documenting past vegetation dynamics and the shaping of present GS landscapes. At the beginning of the Younger Dryas (YD), the GS was more forested than it is today but an abrupt, hitherto irreversible, shift toward savannisation, likely caused by coupled climate-fire synergies, was recorded between the mid-YD and the Early Holocene. It is suggested that fires could have been ignited by the first South American settlers in their eastward migration from the Panama Isthmus through the so called Atlantic Route. The Pemones would have established in the GS during the Late Holocene when savannas already covered the region. A simplistic debate between either forest or savanna as the “original” GS vegetation is unrealistic and should be replaced by a more dynamic approach. The term “original” vegetation itself is misleading and should not be used.

Agricultural conservation practices (CPs) are commonly implemented to reduce diffuse nutrient pollution. Climate change can complicate the development, implementation, and efficiency of agricultural CPs by altering hydrology, nutrient cycling, and erosion. This research quantifies the impact of climate change on hydrology, nutrient cycling, erosion, and the effectiveness of agricultural CP in the Susquehanna River Basin in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed, USA. We develop, calibrate, and test the Soil and Water Assessment Tool-Variable Source Area (SWAT-VSA) model and select four CPs; buffer strips, strip-cropping, no-till, and tile drainage, to test their effectiveness in reducing climate change impacts on water quality. We force the model with six downscaled global climate models (GCMs) for a historic period (1990–2014) and two future scenario periods (2041–2065 and 2075–2099) and quantify the impact of climate change on hydrology, nitrate-N (NO3-N), total N (TN), dissolved phosphorus (DP), total phosphorus (TP), and sediment export with and without CPs. We also test prioritizing CP installation on the 30% of agricultural lands that generate the most runoff (e.g., critical source areas-CSAs). Compared against the historical baseline and with no CPs, the ensemble model predictions indicate that climate change results in annual increases in flow (4.5 ± 7.3%), surface runoff (3.5 ± 6.1%), sediment export (28.5 ± 18.2%) and TN export (9.5 ± 5.1%), but decreases in NO3-N (12 ± 12.8%), DP (14 ± 11.5), and TP (2.5 ± 7.4%) export. When agricultural CPs are simulated most do not appreciably change the water balance, however, tile drainage and strip-cropping decrease surface runoff, sediment export, and DP/TP, while buffer strips reduce N export. Installing CPs on CSAs results in nearly the same level of performance for most practices and most pollutants. These results suggest that climate change will influence the performance of agricultural CPs and that targeting agricultural CPs to CSAs can provide nearly the same level of water quality effects as more widespread adoption.

This research examines the general public's perceptions of policy tools for private forests and examines the relationships between policy support and individual demographic characteristics, as well as timber harvesting attitudes. Empirical data were collected through a random digital dial telephone survey of United States residents in 2003 and 2004. Factor and reliability analyses were used to define a private forest policy tool scale containing two distinct policy tools—authority (regulations, sanctions, and incentives) and empowerment (learning, capacity-building, symbolic, and incentive) tools. Overall, the public held neutral attitudes towards authority tools and supported empowerment tools. Of all the demographic characteristics examined in this research, general linear modeling indicated that only education significantly predicted support for authority and empowerment tools. Timber harvesting attitudes were effective predictors of empowerment tools; in general, support for timber harvesting for present benefits was negatively related to support for private forest policy tools. Implications for private forestland policy are presented.

The complete paleoecological history from Lake Consuelo forest yields a record of ground-level cloud formation and changes in its lower altitudinal limit over the last 46,300 cal yr BP. The timing of early lake level fluctuations prior to 37,000 cal yr BP appears sensitive to North Atlantic temperature oscillations, corresponding to Dansgaard–Oeschger interstadials 11, 10 and 8 recorded in GISP2. After the LGM, the first hint of warming is recorded in Lake Consuelo at 22,000 cal yr BP and agrees with other estimates for the region. The mid-Holocene (7400–5000 cal yr BP) was the period of highest rates of change and most significant reorganizations in the Consuelo forest. These community changes resulted from a regionally widespread dry period. Results from Lake Consuelo indicate that moisture availability, mediated through cloud cover, played the most significant role in ecological change in this system. Rates of past climate fluctuations never exceeded the forest capacity to accommodate change. Unfortunately, this might not be the case under predicted scenarios for the end of the current century.

Volcanic soils have a large potential for organic carbon storage and for forest growth, in particular under moist temperate climate. Documenting both potentials may offer incentives for forest conservation and exploitation, and for the allocation of bonds for environmental services. We studied sites on lava flows of different ages (1835, 4200, 6200, 8000, 10,000 and 30,500 years B.P.) covered by volcanic ashes within the Sierra del Chichinautzin Volcanic Field, under pine or fir forest. We analyzed the accumulation of organic carbon in the soils and its relation with the evolution of site quality, forest productivity indicators and C storage in tree biomass. We also studied the relation between soil C accumulation and different soil properties as soil pH, clay contents and pyrophosphate extractable Al and oxalate extractable Al and Si contents. Results show that carbon accumulation in the soil increases linearly with age within 1835 and 10,000 years old sites with a mean accumulation rate of 4.33 kg m− 2 each 1000 years. However, between 10,000 and 30,500 years the amount of C stored decreases again by about 30% of the maximum soil C accumulation. During the first 8000 years of the chronosequence site quality improves with soil development. Tree growth indexes approach stabilization at sites of ages between 10,000 and 30,500 years. Adult pine trees reach an accumulation of 27 kg C per tree each year. During the first 10,000 years carbon accumulation in mineral surface horizons is associated with the formation of Al-bearing organo–mineral complexes (characterized by pyrophosphate extractions), which seem to compete with the neoformation of short range order clay minerals. As clay and Al-oxide formation progresses these soil variables contribute also to stabilize soil C, although they are by far not as efficient as the organo–mineral complexes.

For the first time in the highlands of southern Brazil, a palynological study was performed on sedimentary records from two Araucaria forests. Radiocarbon dates were used. The sites were Alpes de São Francisco (29°27′26″S, 50°36′57″W) and Banhado Amarelo (29°18′48″S, 50°08′13″W), located in the Eastern Plateau region of Rio Grande do Sul in São Francisco de Paula municipality. Between 13,000 and 10,800 BP, Alpes de São Francisco was cold and dry, and contained a shallow water reservoir surround by marsh, near sparse grassland, with forests probably in refuges. Between 10,800 and 9400 BP, the climate was warmer and the moisture increased. The reservoir began to be filled with herbaceous plants, regional grassland developed, and forests probably began to expand from the refuges. Between 9400 and 5600 BP, the climate was dry, grasslands decreased in size and forests became more isolated and were probably located in refuges. From 5600 BP onward the moisture increased, forming a local bog at 5000 BP. The bog was colonized by pioneer arboreal taxa and Araucaria forest that expanded until ca. 3300 BP. Between 4300 and 3300 BP, Banhado Amarelo consisted of an incipient herbaceous marsh with adjacent sparse grassland. A delay in the arrival of moisture at the site was probably due to geographic conditions. Between 3300 and 1600 BP, the humidity increased in Banhado Amarelo, forming a bog with forest cover. After 3300 BP in Alpes de São Francisco and after 1600 BP in Banhado Amarelo, the data suggest a reduction in the reproductive capacity of the forest taxa, probably due to temperature elevation. Therefore, these forests need urgent environmental conservation programs and the present-day bogs are very important as possible generators of Araucaria forest patches in Eastern Plateau depressions.

This study analyzed the influence of vegetation structure variation along a natural vegetation mosaic formed by Araucaria forest and Campos grassland in the southern Brazilian highlands, on the species richness and composition of epigeic ants. The study site consisted of two different grassland–forest ecotones, where 76 pitfall traps were installed. We estimated the area covered by canopy vegetation by hemispherical photographs, and the structure of the understory vegetation by counting the number of vegetation touches, using a graduated stick. We collected 31 species or morphospecies of epigeic ants belonging to 17 genera and 6 subfamilies. Cluster analysis defined three habitat groups (grassland, edge, and forest) with different ant species composition as revealed by ordination analysis. The highest richness was observed at the forest edge, and decreased towards the grassland and the forest interior. Variation in the richness and composition of epigeic ant species was significantly explained by the factor of distance from the forest. The relationship between species richness and understory density was negative. On the other hand, species composition of epigeic ant assemblages was significantly explained by canopy cover. This finding indicates that the ecological responses of ant assemblages resulted predominantly from edge effects mediated by changes in vegetation structure.

This article presents a qualitative analysis of the reasons why Costa Rica, despite its advanced forest policy, still has problems in implementing forest-friendly management practices. A multi-stakeholder analysis shows that the Costa Rican institutional reform fails to modify the payoffs that private stakeholders obtain from not complying with laws and regulations. Deficient monitoring mechanisms at the governmental and private levels reduce the efficacy of formal sanctions. Informal norms lead private stakeholders to comply with conventional logging rather than with forest-friendly or sound logging practices.

The interest in forests managed by communities has been increasing in recent decades, and it implied a relevant research agenda on community-based forest management institutions. This paper analyzes the process of institutional change, the property rights system and the governance mechanism in the management of communal forests in Galicia from the approach of the New Institutional Economics (NIE). Traditionally, the Spanish legal framework did not establish the existence of communal forests, and therefore there was a process of state and individual-proprietorship of communal land. The 1957 Forestry Act legally assumed the figure of communal forests, and the 1968 Communal Forestry Act implied a new phase in the process of collective-choice institutional change. The process conduced to an institutional framework that has supported communal property rights and has implied an institutional status-quo for Galician communal forest policy since 1989.

A significant component of the urban ecosystem is the urban forest. It is also the quintessential meeting point of culture and nature, so it is critical to incorporate values-based approaches to managing them. The values that really count are those of urban citizens. A novel qualitative method was used to determine what qualities of the urban forest are valued by citizens of Calgary, Alberta, and Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. These values were compared with those reported in the literature to reveal that citizens value the urban forests mostly for their non-material benefits. Specifically, urban forests contribute to human emotional, intellectual, and moral fulfilment.

Climatic warming will increase river temperature globally, with consequences for cold water-adapted organisms. In regions with low forest cover, elevated river temperature is often associated with a lack of bankside shading. Consequently, river managers have advocated riparian tree planting as a strategy to reduce temperature extremes. However, the effect of riparian shading on river temperature varies substantially between locations. Process-based models can elucidate the relative importance of woodland and other factors driving river temperature and thus improve understanding of spatial variability of the effect of shading, but characterising the spatial distribution and height of riparian tree cover necessary to parameterise these models remains a significant challenge. Here, we document a novel approach that combines Structure-from-Motion (SfM) photogrammetry acquired from a drone to characterise the riparian canopy with a process based temperature model (Heat Source) to simulate the effects of tree shading on river temperature. Our approach was applied in the Girnock Burn, a tributary of the Aberdeenshire Dee, Scotland. Results show that SfM approximates true canopy elevation with a good degree of accuracy (R2 = 0.96) and reveals notable spatial heterogeneity in shading. When these data were incorporated into a process-based temperature model, it was possible to simulate river temperatures with a similarly-high level of accuracy (RMSE <0.7 °C) to a model parameterised using ‘conventional’ LiDAR tree height data. We subsequently demonstrate the utility of our approach for quantifying the magnitude of shading effects on stream temperature by comparing simulated temperatures against another model from which all riparian woodland has been removed. Our findings highlight drone-based SfM as an effective tool for characterising riparian shading and improving river temperature models. This research provides valuable insights into the effects of riparian woodland on river temperature and the potential of bankside tree planting for climate change adaptation.

Five catchment areas in Uruguay were selected to conduct a nutrient exportation analysis and to evaluate the effects of current land use on the eutrophication of coastal lagoons. Satellite images and national agriculture censuses were used for a quantitative analysis of land use changes from 1974 to 2005, and a nutrient export coefficient approximation was used to determine long-term changes in annual loads. Several eutrophication indicators (water, sediment and autotrophic communities) were assessed seasonally in the lagoon basins during 2005 and 2006. The areal annual load of nutrients exported to the lagoons increased over time. Population and extensive livestock ranching were the most important nutrient sources, while agriculture is increasing in importance. Buffer effects of riparian forests on eutrophication indicators were observed in contrast to the wetlands surrounding the lagoons, which seem to be acting as a source of nutrients. Catchment size was inversely related to most eutrophication indicators. Afforestation and agriculture were found not to directly impact eutrophication indicators, however, catchments with larger agricultural areas showed higher concentrations of suspended solids, which may indicate the export of particulate nutrients. Salinity was inversely related to most eutrophication indicators, suggesting that the manipulation of the sand bar of the lagoons is a critical management issue. Sediment-related eutrophication indicators were more sensitive to changes in land uses and covers, in contrast with the more variable water column indicators, suggesting their potential use as enduring indicators. This research provides a rapid and integral assessment for qualitatively linking catchment changes with eutrophication indicators in coastal environments, which can easily be replicated to track pollutants in locations that lack standardized monitoring programs needed for more complex catchment modeling approaches.

The identity and composition of the overstorey trees can have large impacts on the understorey vegetation in temperate forests. Here, we assess the effects of the conversion of mixed deciduous forests to Norway spruce (Picea abies) plantations on the understorey vegetation composition and diversity. We also investigated whether the effects of this conversion depend on the soil fertility and if they affect the species pool at the landscape scale. The study area contained ancient deciduous woodlands mainly consisting of Quercus spp., Fagus sylvatica and Carpinus betulus in the Gaume, an area with a mild temperate climate in southern Belgium. Spruce plantations were established 30–50 years ago in this matrix of deciduous woodlands. Differences in overstorey and understorey vegetation, forest floor and soil characteristics between 40 paired plots in spruce plantations and adjacent deciduous forest were compared along a soil fertility gradient. The forest floor mass was higher and the soil pH was lower in spruce plantations. The composition of the understorey vegetation differed between deciduous forest and spruce plantations: the spruce stands contained more light-demanding and acid-tolerant understorey species than the adjacent deciduous stands. The mean understorey species diversity, i.e., the local species diversity in a plot (α-diversity) as well as the total number of species (γ-diversity), did not differ significantly between the deciduous and spruce stands. Hence, the differing species composition of the spruce plantations contributes to a larger overall species pool and higher across site β-diversity. Although the differences in the environmental variables within a plot pair increased along the fertility gradient, the differences in understorey vegetation diversity between deciduous and spruce stands showed no relationship with the gradient. Only the difference in Ellenberg indicator value for soil reaction (R) within a pair increased with increasing soil fertility. In line with the abiotic changes, the understorey vegetation composition had shifted towards a more acid-tolerant vegetation type 30–50 years after conversion to spruce plantations. The increase in light-demanding species was probably due to a more intensive thinning management in the spruce stands.

Most of the scientific studies of forest impacts on stream flows have been conducted in North America. Many were primarily concerned with felling effects. These have generally found forests to be associated with reducing both peak and low flows. Their results, however, may not necessarily be directly applicable to European forests due to differences in tree species, forest management, catchment physiography and climate. Forests are a major land cover in Europe, and there are plans to promote and further expand the area of European forests. The recent droughts and floods in different parts of Europe have heightened interest in the role of forests on river flow regimes, particularly flood peak and dry weather baseflows. This paper presents the hydrological results from 28 basins across Europe sampling a wide range of forest types, climate conditions and ground conditions. The aim was to determine if forestry can have significant impacts on stream flows and to identify particularly critical situations. The findings highlighted coniferous plantations on poorly drained soils in NW Europe and eucalyptus in Southern Europe as the situations where the most marked changes to flows are likely to occur. In contrast, other forest types, and changes in forest cover at a regional scale will be likely to have a relatively small effect on peak and low flows.

Only within the past 100 years have we, as recent immigrants to this continent, made a concerted effort to restore and manage the composition and productivity of North American forests. One of the earliest manifestations of management effects on growth, production, and sustainability was reforestation and land stabilization of wind- and water-eroded land wrought by abusive agriculture. In the past 50 years, basic and applied research has greatly increased forest productivity of desired species on many sites by integrating intensive forest management practices. Forest management was further enhanced by site-specific prescriptions made possible by finely honed soil and land classification systems interpreted specifically for forestry uses. Managers of our private and public forests are facing new challenges caused, in part, by public expectations that forests provide a myriad of services along with products; services that have been taken for granted and are poorly monetized. Managing forests simultaneously for wood, biodiversity, carbon sequestration, energy, water quality, flood control, habitat, and recreation is the 21st century challenge for foresters who need science to underpin their prescriptions. This paper is a review of forest management effects on growth, production, and sustainability of forest ecosystems.

Epiphytic bryophytes and lichens are an important component of the endangered forest biota in temperate forests, their diversity and composition patterns being regulated by tree, stand and landscape scale factors. The aim of this study is to improve ecological understanding of such factors in managed coniferous–deciduous mixed forests of Hungary in the context of forest management. In particular, this study investigate the effect of tree species composition, stand structure (tree size distribution, shrub layer and dead wood), microclimate (light, temperature and air humidity), landscape and historical factors on the stand level and tree level composition of epiphytic bryophytes and lichens. The relationships were explored by multivariate methods (Redundancy Analysis, canonical correspondence analysis and variation partitioning) and indicator species analysis. Tree species is among the most important driver of species composition in both organism groups. For bryophytes, the continuity of forest microclimate and the presence of shrub layer are also important, while lichen assemblages are influenced by light availability. Landscape and historical variables were less influential than stand scale factors. On the basis of our results, the main strategy of management focusing on epiphyte diversity conservation should include: (1) the maintenance of tree species diversity in mixed stands; (2) increasing the proportion of deciduous trees (mainly oaks and hornbeam); (3) the maintenance of large trees within the stands; (4) the presence of shrub and regeneration layer; (5) the creation of heterogeneous light conditions.

Deforestation in Brazilian Amazonia accounts for a disproportionate global scale fraction of both carbon emissions from biomass burning and biodiversity erosion through habitat loss. Here we use field- and remote-sensing data to examine the effects of private landholding size on the amount and type of forest cover retained within economically active rural properties in an aging southern Amazonian deforestation frontier. Data on both upland and riparian forest cover from a survey of 300 rural properties indicated that 49.4% (SD = 29.0%) of the total forest cover was maintained as of 2007, and that property size is a key regional-scale determinant of patterns of deforestation and land-use change. Small properties (≤150 ha) retained a lower proportion of forest (20.7%, SD = 17.6) than did large properties (>150 ha; 55.6%, SD = 27.2). Generalized linear models showed that property size had a positive effect on remaining areas of both upland and total forest cover. Using a Landsat time-series, the age of first clear-cutting that could be mapped within the boundaries of each property had a negative effect on the proportion of upland, riparian, and total forest cover retained. Based on these data, we show contrasts in land-use strategies between smallholders and largeholders, as well as differences in compliance with legal requirements in relation to minimum forest cover set-asides within private landholdings. This suggests that property size structure must be explicitly considered in landscape-scale conservation planning initiatives guiding agro-pastoral frontier expansion into remaining areas of tropical forest.

Current threats to the planet's biodiversity are unprecedented, and they particularly imperil insular floras. In this investigation, we use the threat factors identified by the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment as the main drivers of biodiversity loss on islands to define and rank 13 current, continuing threats to the plant diversity of nine focal archipelagos where volcanic origin (or in the Seychelles a prolonged isolation after a continental origin) has produced a high degree of endemicity and fragility in the face of habitat alteration. We also conduct a global endangerment assessment based on the numbers of insular endemic plants in the endangered (EN) and critically endangered (CR) IUCN categories for 53 island groups with an estimated 9951 endemic plant species, providing a representative sample of the world's insular systems and their floristic richness. Our analyses indicate that isolation does not significantly influence endangerment, but plant endemics from very small islands are more often critically endangered. We estimate that between 3500 and 6800 of the estimated 70,000 insular endemic plant species worldwide might be highly threatened (CR+EN) and between ca. 2000 and 2800 of them in critical danger of extinction (CR). Based on these analyses, and on a worldwide literature review of the biological threat factors considered, we identify challenging questions for conservation research, asking (i) what are the most urgent priorities for the conservation of insular species and floras, and (ii) with the knowledge and assets available, how can we improve the impact of conservation science and practice on the preservation of island biodiversity? Our analysis indicates that the synergistic action of many threat factors can induce major ecological disturbances, leading to multiple extinctions. We review weaknesses and strengths in conservation research and management in the nine focal archipelagos, and highlight the urgent need for conservation scientists to share knowledge and expertise, identify and discuss common challenges, and formulate multi-disciplinary conservation objectives for insular plant endemics worldwide. To our knowledge, this is the most up-to-date and comprehensive survey yet to review the threat factors to native plants on oceanic islands and define priority research questions.

A methodology to classify rocky shores along the North East Atlantic (NEA) region was developed. Previously, biotypes and the variability of environmental conditions within these were recognized based on abiotic data. A biological validation was required in order to support the ecological meaning of the physical typologies obtained. A database of intertidal macroalgae species occurring in the coastal area between Norway and the South Iberian Peninsula was generated. Semi-quantitative abundance data of the most representative macroalgal taxa were collected in three levels: common, rare or absent. Ordination and classification multivariate analyses revealed a clear latitudinal gradient in the distribution of macroalgae species resulting in two distinct groups: one northern and one southern group, separated at the coast of Brittany (France). In general, the results based on biological data coincided with the results based on physical characteristics. The ecological meaning of the coastal waters classification at a broad scale shown in this work demonstrates that it can be valuable as a practical tool for conservation and management purposes.

In Europe temperate forests play a prominent role in timber production, nature protection, water conservation, erosion control and recreation. For centuries temperate forests in Europe have been affected by forest devastation and soil degradation. Applying great efforts to eliminate the severe wood shortage of those days, countermeasures were taken during the last 150 years by regenerating and tending highly productive forests. High growth rates and an increasing growing stock of these forests indicate that formerly stated goals have been successfully achieved. Coniferous species were often favoured because they were easy to establish and manage, and gave reason for high volume growth expectations. Today coniferous forests expand far beyond the limits of their natural ranges.These changes have been accompanied by a loss of biodiversity, a shift to nonsite adapted tree species and reduce the resistance against storms, snow, ice, droughts, insects and fungi. Some of these hazards were further intensified by the increasing average stand age, as well as in some areas by severe air pollution. Climatic fluctuations, especially changes in the frequency and intensity of extreme warm and dry climatic conditions and of heavy storms, had considerable impact on forest ecosystems.The changing demands of today require a widened scope of forest management. Society is asking for sustainable forestry emphasizing biodiversity and naturalistic forest management. It is of great economic and ecological relevance to know on which sites today's forests are most susceptible to climatic and other environmental changes and hazards. In those areas adjustments of management through a conversion the prevailing forests towards more site adapted mixed forests needs to be considered with priority. The high diversity in site conditions, ownership, economic and socio-cultural conditions require strategies adapted to the local and regional needs. Higher resistance of forests will increase economic and social benefits of forests and reduce the risks by maintaining sustainable forestry.

Conservation policy in Brazilian Amazonia is rapidly evolving. The dynamics of different interest groups affect the political economy of land use. Choices include allocation of effort between completely and partially protected areas and between creation of new conservation units versus consolidation of existing units. Tensions between different levels of government, different groups of nongovernmental organizations, and between the public versus private sectors are evident. While the conflicting interests of such groups present many barriers, they also offer conservation opportunities. Negotiation with indigenous peoples represents one of the most critical areas for the long-term future of natural ecosystems in the region.

Tree species are becoming the focus of increasing conservation concern, with some 9000 species now threatened globally. Studies of intraspecific variation can contribute to the development of conservation strategies, by identifying appropriate units for conservation. The recent application of molecular techniques to a variety of tree species has highlighted a far higher degree of population differentiation than indicated by previous isozyme analyses, a result consistent with theoretical predictions. Analysis of the geographic distribution of cpDNA lineages has also enabled current patterns of population differentiation to be related to postglacial migration routes from different forest refugia. Such results highlight the importance of refugial areas for conservation of intraspecific variation in tree species.

This paper discusses North Atlantic insect biota and their origins in relation to climate change in the North Atlantic. The debate concerning biotic survival in refugia or immigration to a clean slate is argued from a fossil insect point of view. The hypothesis for the survival of the fauna during the last Ice Age is challenged by the lack of endemics on the North Atlantic islands and the bulk of the fossil data point towards immigration onto a tabula rasa. The mechanisms involved, coupled with the climate dynamics of the North Atlantic region and the climatic tolerances of pre-human impact Coleoptera assemblages, from the Faroe Islands, Iceland and Greenland point to early Holocene introductions via ice rafting perhaps from Scandinavia, as the initial “en bloc” event of dispersal. Post human settlement introductions are dominated by synanthropic species and a range of local extinctions, which could be a direct result of human impact, exacerbated in the post medieval period by the Little Ice Age.

Historical baselines of forest cover are needed to understand the causes and consequences of recent changes and to assess the effectiveness of land-use policies. However, historical assessment of the global distribution of forest cover and change has been lacking due to obstacles in image acquisition, computational demands, and lack of retrospective reference data for image classification. As limitations of access to imagery and computational power are overcome, the possibility is increased of an automated retrospective classification of forest cover. We used locally fit classification trees to relate hind-cast observations of “stable pixels” of forest and non-forest cover from circa-2000 to Landsat spectral measurements taken from the circa-1990 epoch of the Global Land Survey collection of Landsat images. Based on analysis of nearly 30,000 Landsat images, forest-cover change between 1990 and 2000 epochs was detected based on joint probabilities of cover in the two epochs. Assessed across a sample of areas with coincident reference data in the conterminous United States, the resulting maps achieved 93% accuracy for forest cover and 84% for forest-cover change—comparable or even higher than many previous national efforts. Global accuracy assessment likewise showed accuracy of 88% for forest-cover change. The maps depict the global distribution of gross gains and losses in forest cover, as well as their net change. The initial analysis showed strong effects of extant land use in temperate regions and land-use change in the tropics over the period, while wildfire dominated in the boreal zone. Regions of high net forest loss (e.g., Amazonia) were associated with land-use changes into agriculture, and regions of high gross gains and losses (e.g., southeastern US, Sweden) were associated with intensive forestry. These results, including the global forest cover and forest cover change datasets, will be a basis for the estimation of the efficacy of policies and analyzing correlation between forest cover change and socio-economic factors.

Mediterranean forests in northern Morocco have been studied. Tree species composition and abundance were investigated in 84 forest sites, distributed throughout the sandstone formation of the Tangier region. The relative abundance of 15 tree and arborescent shrub species was related, by ordination analysis, to altitude, disturbance by fire, and soil fertility. High-elevation forests were dominated by Cedrus atlantica, Quercus pyrenaica and Pinus pinaster. Sacred forests (protected as holy burial places) had a distinct stand structure, and were considered as refuges, for maintaining biodiversity at landscape scale. The evergreen oak Quercus suber and the semideciduous Quercus canariensis co-dominated the lowland forests. The mean basal area of the studied forests was 34 m2 ha–1. The mean trunk size (dbh) for Q. suber was 24 cm and for Q. canariensis 36.5 cm; in both cases there were indications of declining regeneration at population level. A comparative biogeographical analysis with the equivalent region in southern Spain (separated by the Strait of Gibraltar; 14 km wide), indicated a possible biodiversity loss in the Moroccan forests.

Coastal urbanization is rapidly expanding worldwide while its impacts on seaweed communities remain poorly understood. We assessed the impact of urbanization along an extensive latitudinal gradient encompassing three phycogeographical regions in the SW Atlantic. Human population density, number of dwellings, and terrestrial vegetation cover were determined for each survey area and correlated with diversity indices calculated from seaweed percent cover data. Urban areas had significantly lower calcareous algal cover (−38%), and there was significantly less carbonate in the sediment off urban areas than off reference areas. Seaweed richness averaged 26% less in urban areas than in areas with higher vegetation cover. We observed a remarkable decline in Phaeophyceae and a substantial increase of Chlorophyta in urban areas across a wide latitudinal gradient. Our data show that coastal urbanization is causing substantial loss of seaweed biodiversity in the SW Atlantic, and is considerably changing seaweed assemblages.

The Neotropics are one of the most species rich regions on Earth, with over 3150 species of birds. This unrivaled biodiversity has been attributed to higher proportions of mountain ranges, tropical rain forest or rain fall in the forest than in any other major biogeographic regions. Five primary hypotheses aim to explain processes of diversification within the Neotropics; (1) the Pleistocene refuge hypothesis, (2) the riverine barrier hypothesis, (3) the Miocene marine incursions hypothesis, (4) the ecological gradient hypothesis, and (5) the impact of the last Andean uplift serving as a barrier between eastern and western population Andean populations. We assessed these hypotheses to see which best explained the species richness of the forest-falcons (Micrastur), a poorly known lineage of birds that inhabit lowland and mid-elevation humid forest. Our analyses suggest all speciation events within the genus Micrastur probably occurred in the last 2.5–3.6 myrs, at or before the Pliocene/Pleistocene boundary, with the basal split within the genus being 7 myrs old. Hence our data allow us to formerly reject the classical Pleistocene refuge for Micrastur, Our divergence time estimates are younger that dates for the Miocene marine incursions, the riverine barrier and the Andean uplift hypotheses.

The use of forest biomass in thermal generation processes has been recognized by the Government of Nova Scotia (NS) as one option that could help meet its renewable electricity goals (25% by 2015 and 40% by 2020). Over half of the woodland in NS is owned by small-private woodland owners (51%), indicating that they could significantly influence the future of NS forests and its potential use for energy purposes. This paper presents the results of a survey of small-woodland owners on their attitudes towards using energy from forest biomass. 489 small-woodland owners responded to mail-out surveys and 14 rural community members participated in three focus groups. Three major findings emerged. First, it was found that the acceptability of using forest products varied depending on multiple factors – the source of biomass, harvesting methods, and [predicted] end-use. Second, forest sustainability and keeping resources local were the two most important concerns amongst respondents. Finally, respondents felt that better collaboration with other stakeholders and education around the issues would be the best strategies for overcoming these concerns. The paper also highlights the barriers and drivers as perceived by the woodland owners as they relate to the possibility of using more biomass for energy in the future.

The jaguar (Panthera onca) inhabits most of the lowlands (<2000 m) of central and South America in small and numerous fragmented populations. This species now occupies only 50% of its historic range and is included in ICUN red list. Current conservation and management plans rely on the identification and preservation of corridors and potential areas for species dispersion that provide gene flow. Over the last decade, expert-based knowledge consolidation and computational modeling complemented with radio-telemetry and camera-trapping analysis defined suitable areas for jaguar long-term survival and corridors for preserving jaguar connectivity. However, none of these static models incorporate jaguar population dynamics and assume that current population distribution is at steady state equilibrium. Here, we analyze jaguar metapopulation dynamics with a spatially explicit stochastic dispersal model to predict jaguar population distribution and density at a continental level. We also incorporate other biological features in the model such as gender differences regarding movement patterns and include the effect of human-jaguar conflict. This dynamic model provides a good framework for jaguar conservation analysis by providing new insights into jaguar migration and species viability.

The notion of naturalness is an important concept of forest sustainable management, biological conservation, or as a base for restoration projects. The naturalness degree of a forest system is commonly evaluated based on forest ecology indicators, primarily with a relative short time resolution (e.g. dendroecological indication). However, the current state of ecological systems is the result of processes occurring in interaction at different and hierarchically connected spatial and temporal scales, including long term resolution (e.g. Holocene scale). Consequently, to assess the naturalness degree of ecological systems it is important to deal with their various temporal and spatial scales. In order to do that, palaeoecological approaches are needed, but hitherto have rarely been applied in naturalness investigations. The difficulties of interpretation in terms of spatial resolution of the main used palaeoecological approaches (e.g. palynology) and the presence of archive sites favourable to provide palaeoecological proxies seem to be limiting factors. Pedoanthracology allows the investigation of forest dynamics at the local spatial scale potentially everywhere, and for a longer time resolution. This paper illustrates this by using pedoanthracology to contribute to the naturalness assessment of three study cases in various biomes in Europe, in the south French Alps, in Central Germany and in Northern Germany. The charcoal richness of soil samples was quantified, and fragments were analysed taxonomically. Radiocarbon dating of single charcoals, combined with soil description, allows interpretation of the data within a temporal and spatial framework.At the site in Northern Germany, the ancient occurrence of fire was identified, burning early Holocene pioneer forest vegetation, while during more recent times, the burning of Fagus forest happened, Fagus sylvatica being today's dominant forest tree. At the site south of the Harz Mountains, in Central Germany, the established reference system is a Quercus dominated forest, which has persisted for thousands of years until today, possibly due to human woodland management. At the third site, in the French Southern Alps, the local forest system has never been more mature than in the current state, because it was regularly renewed by fire disturbances.

The Indian Ocean Tsunami focused world attention on societal responses to environmental hazards and the potential of natural systems to moderate disturbance effects. Coastal areas are critical to the welfare of up to 50% of the world's population. Coastal systems in the southern United States are adapted to specific disturbance regimes of tropical cyclones (hurricanes) and fire. In August and September 2005, Hurricanes Katrina and Rita caused what has been termed the most costly natural disaster in U.S. history, including an estimated $2 billion to $3 billion in damage from wind alone. A total of 2.23 million ha of timberland in the coastal states of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama was damaged. Although financial loss estimates are incomplete, there is little doubt that these hurricanes caused extensive damage and their effects on the landscape will linger for years to come. Crafting a strategy for incorporating large, infrequent disturbances into a managed landscape such as the forested coastal plain of the southern U.S. must balance the desirable with the possible. We advance an adaptive strategy that distinguishes event risk (hurricane occurrence) from vulnerability of coastal forests and outcome risk (hurricane severity). Our strategy focuses on managing the disturbance event, the system after disturbance, and the recovery process, followed by modifying initial conditions to reduce vulnerability. We apply these concepts to a case study of the effects of recent Hurricanes Katrina and Rita on forests of the coastal plain of the northern Gulf of Mexico.

Epiphytic bryophytes and lichens are an important component of the endangered forest biota in temperate forests, their diversity and composition patterns being regulated by tree, stand and landscape scale factors. The aim of this study is to improve ecological understanding of such factors in managed coniferous–deciduous mixed forests of Hungary in the context of forest management. In particular, this study investigate the effect of tree species composition, stand structure (tree size distribution, shrub layer and dead wood), microclimate (light, temperature and air humidity), landscape and historical factors on the stand level and tree level composition of epiphytic bryophytes and lichens. The relationships were explored by multivariate methods (redundancy analysis, canonical correspondence analysis and variation partitioning) and indicator species analysis. Tree species is among the most important driver of species composition in both organism groups. For bryophytes, the continuity of forest microclimate and the presence of shrub layer are also important, while lichen assemblages are influenced by light availability. Landscape and historical variables were less influential than stand scale factors. On the basis of our results, the main strategy of management focusing on epiphyte diversity conservation should include: (1) the maintenance of tree species diversity in mixed stands; (2) increasing the proportion of deciduous trees (mainly oaks and hornbeam); (3) the maintenance of large trees within the stands; (4) the presence of shrub and regeneration layer; (5) the creation of heterogeneous light conditions.

Due to the decline of Mid Atlantic brook trout populations coupled with diminishing budgets of relevant natural resource agencies who monitor the populations, a quick and cost effective assessment of brook trout streams or potential brook trout streams in the Mid-Atlantic United States is warranted. Using five core metrics – two watershed metrics (percent land use in agriculture and distance to the nearest road from the survey site) and three in-stream metrics (riffle/run quality, dissolved oxygen content and water temperature), a classification model has been developed, useful as preliminary indication as to a stream’s suitability to sustain brook trout populations. Developed via discriminant analysis using Maryland Department of Natural Resources’ historical stream data, two classification equations (Smith–Sklarew equations) can be simplified into one equation, which produces a sustainability statistic (S). Should the five field measurements from the metrics produce a positive “S” value at a given site, then the stream reach most likely favors conditions suitable for sustainable brook trout populations. Conversely, negative “S” values indicate less than adequate conditions for sustainable brook trout populations.

The increase in corn ethanol production has raised concerns about its indirect impacts on the expansion of cropland and implications for the environment and continues to be a controversial issue. In particular, land enrolled in the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) declined by 7.2 million acres between 2007 and 2012 while corn ethanol production more than doubled. However, the extent to which this decline in CRP acres can be causally attributed to increased ethanol production is yet to be determined. Using a dynamic, partial equilibrium economic model for the US agricultural sector we find that doubling of corn ethanol production over the 2007–2012 period (holding all else constant) led to the conversion of 3.2 million acres of unused cropland, including 1 million acres in CRP, to crop production. While substantial in magnitude, we find that these land use changes due to biofuel production accounted for only 16% and 13% of the total reduction in unused cropland and in CRP acres, respectively, that occurred over the 2007–2012 period. We also find that the land use change per million gallons of corn ethanol has declined non-linearly over time from 453 acres to 112 acres over the 2007–2012 period.

Phytosociological records from three different woodlands, each with oak–hornbeam stands (Tilio–Carpinetum), were analyzed in terms of the presence/absence of two harmful species, alien Impatiens parviflora and native Carex brizoides. Records from the Białowieża Primeval Forest (northeastern Poland) represented old-growth forest, and others from the Silesian Upland (southeastern Poland) represented managed forest and invaded forest. The three sets of records were compared in terms of stand structure, Ellenberg indicator scores, and the shares of various plant functional types. Vegetation analyses also included species richness scores, Shannon–Wiener indices, and DCA and CCA ordination with the cover of the two species as variables. There were fewer differences between managed and old-growth forest than between managed and invaded forest. Invaded forest was characterized by low species richness, higher frequency of hemerophilous species, lower frequency of myrmecochores, and higher light availability and temperature. It was concluded that, of the two invasive species, C. brizoides is a better indicator of human-induced disturbance. Both cover and binary data explained changes in floristic composition in the presence of this species. Invasion by both species was favored by forest management practices. Their presence led to further species impoverishment, and harmed the quality of the forest floor habitat.

Droughts can influence forest composition directly by limiting water or indirectly by intensifying other stressors that affect establishment, growth, and mortality. Using community assemblages of eastern US tree species and drought tolerance characteristics assessed from literature, we examine recent drought conditions in relation to the spatial distribution of species and their tolerance to drought. First we calculate and compare a cumulative drought severity index (CDSI) for the conterminous US for the periods 1960–1986 and 1987–2013 using climate division Palmer Drought Severity Index (PDSI) values and a gridded self-calibrated PDSI dataset. This comparison indicates that drought conditions in the East tend to be less frequent and generally less severe than those in the West, and that the West has had a large increase in CDSI values in the latter period. Then we focus on the past and potential future role of droughtiness in eastern forests, which are relatively more diverse than western forests but have individual species that are uniquely affected by drought conditions. We found that eastern US forests tend to be relatively balanced in the composition of drought-tolerant and -intolerant species and that drought conditions are relatively uncommon in the East. Understanding the composition and distribution of drought tolerance levels within forests is crucial when managing for the impacts of drought (e.g., managing for survival), especially given the expected rise of drought in the future.

Management of coastal areas is necessary to maintain and protect existing permanent structures. Coastal erosion management falls into soft and hard shoreline stabilization options with the United States tending to favor hard. However, post-Hurricane Sandy 2012, soft dune and beach replenishment have become more favorable in the U.S. with support being necessarily contingent upon an understanding of the pros, cons, and concepts surrounding each management strategy. Misconceptions could thus lead to a halt in progress and poor decisions with implications for community safety. We sought to gain a better understanding of current knowledge surrounding best practices in coastal management communities. Our assumption was that misconceptions in one coastal area, New Jersey, are likely echoed in other coastal areas in the U.S. and internationally. We employed a two-phase research design with an exploratory phase using semi-structured interview guidelines to collect data from a quota sample of 53 local residents and then tested the distribution of knowledge about coastal management facts by asking a convenience sample of 300 residents a structured set of 15 questions. Study participants identify differences in how beaches are managed and how protected they conversely consider an area to be. Dunes are generally preferred over hard engineering and replenishment. However, many key concepts regarding how dunes function naturally, with regards to the role of vegetation and fencing, are poorly understood suggesting a need for greater education surrounding these topics. Participants support continued tax investment in coastal areas to avoid retreat but recognize a tragedy of the commons in such actions for future generations. Learning who knows what, may contribute to more fruitful dialogues among stakeholders to pave the way for the adoption of suitable and sustainable management practices for better protected shorelines.

In 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a significant Global Financial Crisis (GFC). Several factors were perceived as drivers of the crisis, however, its dynamics and consequences for natural resources and the environment remain largely unknown, particularly in Brazil. Combining grounded theory and case study methodologies, this research explores and contrasts the perspectives of highly knowledgeable stakeholders on how the GFC impacted sustainable forest management in the Brazilian Amazon, using the State of Pará as a case study. Our findings indicate that the GFC cannot be considered as a unique phenomenon impacting SFM and that it is intimately linked to other political, social and environmental events unfolding within Brazil and at the global level. Decreased deforestation was perceived to have occurred due to restrained production, increased risk aversion, increased public awareness and enhanced government efforts towards law enforcement. The forest-based exporting segment was seen to suffer the most severe impacts of the crisis. Environmentally friendly initiatives were perceived to offer forest product differentiation in the market; while investments in non-market-oriented initiatives were restrained. Our results suggest that in times of economic crisis, forest policy-makers need to focus on both formal and informal forest economies in order to promote sustainable forest management objectives.

Species gap analyses that adopt conservation targets based on individual species attributes recognize that some biodiversity features need more protection than others and should lead to better outcomes than uniform conservation targets. In the Brazilian Cerrado hotspot, 4 of the 30 endemic lizard species are included in the IUCN or Brazilian red lists of threatened species. For 18 species with more than 5 occurrence records, we produced distribution models using Maxent and for 12 species with less than 5 occurrence records we used a 5 km radius around the records to indicate distributions. For all species, we estimated habitat loss after discounting cleared areas from indicated distributions. Non-modeled species were considered as truly restricted-range endemics and had conservation targets set a priori as 100%. We formulated conservation targets for 18 modeled species based on three characteristics: natural rarity, vulnerability, and life-history. We estimated vulnerability from a model of future habitat loss across the Cerrado, derived with Maxent. We then performed a gap analysis considering strictly protected conservation areas. We applied percentage targets (between 12% and 23%) to estimated species distributions prior to habitat loss and evaluated the targets against the presence of the species within strictly protected conservation areas. Disturbingly, only one species is adequately protected by the current system of protected areas. We also found that one species is a minor conservation gap, whereas the remaining 28 species are either major (13) or total (5) conservation gaps. Habitat loss has erased a significant fraction of the original distribution of Cerrado endemic lizards and the existent network of protected areas is wholly inadequate to ensure their conservation. The use of conservation targets based on natural rarity, vulnerability, and life-story will support more defensible conservation guidelines than commonly used uniform targets for this threatened Neotropical savanna biome.

Soil erosion leads to land degradation and translocation of soil particles together with associated particulate organic carbon (POC) and nutrients, thereby influencing the global carbon cycle. In the present study, we estimated the contribution of POC delivered to a first-order stream from upslope sugarcane fields and a riparian forest in southeast Brazil. The results show that the amount of surface runoff and soil erosion generated in the riparian forest is significantly lower than in the upslope sugarcane field. However, the contribution of the forest to the total stream bed POC was above 70%, even though most sediments delivered to the stream originated from the upland sugarcane fields. The discrepancy between sediment and POC delivery from both land uses is a consequence of the presence of preferential runoff pathways from the agricultural fields, through the buffer strips, to the stream. This disconnection between the main sources of sediment and POC to the first-order stream is a potentially important mechanism influencing the transfer of POC from upslope areas to waterways. This mechanism should be considered in order to more reliably assess fluxes of OC from upslope areas to first-order streams in landscapes where arable land is separated from streams by a semi-natural buffer zone with permanent vegetation.

Chamaedorea alternans is a palm species that has suffered from selective extraction, and habitat loss. We collected 11 populations from fragmented and conserved forest. We assess genetic variation of C. alternans, genetic exchange, differentiation, bottlenecks, effective population size and signals of natural selection. Genetic diversity was higher in conserved than in fragmented forest but not significant. Fragmentation did not play a significant role in genetic diversity, possibly due to the populations heterogeneity. C. alternans has been subject to a pronounced isolation of trees as a product of logging, thus raising inbreeding. Bayesian clustering show a trend towards an increased structuring over the course of generations but also, indicates that populations have recently gone through a bottleneck. The bottleneck following deforestation was not severe enough to lower the effective size, this could lead to high standing genetic diversity, providing a buffer against genetic erosion. We observed directional and balancing selection in C. alternans. Maintenance of variability and increased differentiation signify that their populations have been subject to a differential selective pressure at the ecological and the landscape level, combined effect could lead to disturb pollination and dispersion processes, modifying in the long term the effective population size.

Forest fragmentation results from deforestation and disturbance, with subsequent edge effects extending deep into remaining forest areas. No study has quantified the effects of both deforestation and selective logging, separately and combined, on forest fragmentation and edge effects over large regions. The main objectives of this study were to: (1) quantify the rates and extent of forest fragmentation from deforestation and logging within the Brazilian Amazon, and (2) contextualize the spatio-temporal dynamics of this forest fragmentation through a literature review of potential ecological repercussions of edge creation. Using GIS and remote sensing, we quantified forest fragmentation – defined as both increases in the forest edge-to-area ratio and number of forest fragments – and edge-effected forest occurring from these activities across more than 1.1 million km2 of the Brazilian Amazon from 1999 to 2002. Annually, deforestation and logging generated ∼32,000 and 38,000 km of new forest edge while increasing the edge-to-area ratio of remaining forest by 0.14 and 0.15, respectively. Combined deforestation and logging increased the edge-to-area ratio of remaining forest by 65% over our study period, while generating 5539 and 3383 new forest fragments, respectively. Although we found that 90% of individual forest fragments were smaller than 4 km2, we also found that 50% of the remaining intact forests were located in contiguous forest areas greater than 35,000 km2. We then conducted a literature review documenting 146 edge effects and found that these penetrated to a median distance of 100 m, a distance encompassing 6.4% of all remaining forests in our study region in the year 2002, while 53% of forests were located within two km of an edge. Annually deforestation and logging increased the proportion of edge-forest by 0.8% and 3.1%, respectively. As a result of both activities, the total proportion of edge-forest increased by 2.6% per year, while the proportion within 100-m increased by 0.5%. Over our study period, deforestation resulted in an additional ∼3000 km2 of edge-forest, whereas logging generated ∼20,000 km2, as it extended deep into intact forest areas. These results show the large extent and rapid expansion of previously unquantified soft-edges throughout the Amazon and highlight the need for greater research into their ecological impacts.

In an area of tropical seasonal semideciduous forest, the soil characteristics, floristic composition, physiognomic structure, and the distribution of three regeneration and three dispersal guilds were studied for four stands within the forest that had documented histories of varying degrees of human disturbance. The aim was to study forest regeneration in areas of preserved forest and secondary forest, with parts of both types of forest experiencing either ‘intensive’ or ‘occasional’ cattle trampling. The study was carried out in the Sebastião Aleixo da Silva Ecological Station, Bauru, São Paulo State, Brazil. Two stands were called ‘secondary’ because they corresponded to forest tracts that were felled and occupied by crops and pastures in the past and then abandoned to forest regeneration ca. 40 years before this study. The other two stands, called ‘preserved’, corresponded to areas of the fragment where the forest has been maintained with only minor human impacts. The arboreal component of the tree community (diameter at breast height or dbh≥5 cm) was sampled in 20 plots of 40m×40 m, and the subarboreal component (diameter at the base of the stem or dbs<5 cm and height≥0.5 m) in subplots of 40m×2 m. Physiognomic features, such as canopy height and density of climbing plants, were registered all over a 5m×5 m gridline laid on the sample plots. Soil bulk samples were collected for chemical and textural analyses. Most detected differences contrasted the secondary to the preserved forest stands. The soils of the secondary stands showed higher proportions of sand and lower levels of mineral nutrients and organic matter than those of the preserved stands, probably due to higher losses by leaching and erosion. Compared to the secondary stands, the preserved ones had higher proportions of tall trees, higher mean canopy height, lower species diversity, higher abundance of autochorous and shade-tolerant climax species, and lower abundance of pioneer and light-demanding climax species. Despite the high proportion of species shared by the preserved and secondary stands (108 out of 139), they differed consistently in terms of density of the most abundant species. On the other hand, the secondary and preserved stands held similar values for tree density and basal area, suggesting that 40 years were enough to restore these features. Effects of cattle trampling on the vegetation were detected for the frequency of trees of anemochorous and zoochorous species, which were higher in the stands under occasional and intensive cattle trampling, respectively. The density of thin climbers was lower in the stands with intensive trampling.

Numerous forest organisms rely on non-excavated tree-holes, which are often limited in managed European woods. Holes’ supply depends on formation rates and persistence times. I use 30 years of data from a primeval forest (strictly protected reserve, Białowieża National Park, Poland) to determine how long non-excavated holes persist, whether their persistence varies across forest types, tree species and conditions, or bird species using them. From 1979 to 2010, I followed the fate of 1794 holes, used by 14 non-excavator bird species. Almost half of them were destroyed during this time, most often (40%) due to tree fall or break off of the hole-bearing section, growing over injury (28%) or decay of walls (24%). Holes were retained for a median of 12 years, longer in deciduous habitats (11–13 years) than in coniferous forests (4.4 years). These differences were due to different sets of tree species used in different habitats. Lifespan of holes varied by tree species, ranging from 5 (Populus tremula) to 16.5 years (Quercus robur). Persistence was much lower for holes in dead (5 years) than in living (14 years) substrates. It increased with increasing tree size. Differences in persistence times of holes used by various bird species was mostly a by-product of them selecting trees of different qualities. Holes in large living trees, with relatively hard wood, persisted longest. Their retention should become a conservation priority. Current forestry policies should be modified, to assure that hole-bearing trees are retained, and trees in which replacement holes could be formed are maintained.

Indicators on the state of global biodiversity illustrate continued decline, while pressure on biodiversity keeps rising. This necessitates revisiting site prioritization and species protection for conservation. Patterns of richness and threat of four well-studied aquatic taxa, the fishes, crabs, molluscs and dragonflies largely coincide at the continental scale, at least in Africa. For this study, we focus on dragonflies, for which there is a point locality database, as a surrogate taxon, modeling the species at the fine-scale, using species distribution modeling. With this approach, we built a protected areas network using spatial planning software. Priority areas for dragonfly conservation largely coincided with analyses of global biodiversity hotspots. The Zambian swamps and woodlands, as well as the rainforests of the Lower Guinea and Congo Basin are emphasized as hotspots of dragonfly diversity. Among globally threatened species, 72% were recorded at least once in a protected area. Although the current reserve network covers 10.7% of the landscape, the proportional representation of species geographic distributions in reserves is only 1.2%. The reserve network is therefore inefficient concerning freshwater species, and many areas of conservation priority that are not formally protected remain. The advantage of operating at the fine scale, while covering a large geographic area is that it shifts the focus from the large-scale hotspots to smaller priority areas within and beyond hotspots. Also, by operating at the fine-scale for a large geographical area, the potential exists for local conservation managers to consider campaigning for the inclusion of the priority areas that are not formally protected, while adjacent to the existing reserve networks. Where this is not possible, we recommend monitoring these areas to detect future threats to the habitats that these might face.

Species differ in their need for conservation action and in their relative importance for conserving current and historic ecological and evolutionary diversity. Given the present biodiversity crisis and the lack of resources, threatened species must be differentiated from each other so that those presenting higher conservation priority can be attended first. Here we propose a novel approach to calculate a priority index (PI) for species within monophyletic groups, by combining life history traits, extrinsic factors, ecological singularity, and phylogenetic distinctness. To test our approach we used a group of Neotropical snakes, the pseudoboines, as our model lineage. To create the PI we combined four different indices: intrinsic vulnerability to extinction (IVE, comprised by six factors), extrinsic vulnerability to extinction (EVE, comprised by three factors), ecological oddity (EO, four factors) and phylogenetic distinctness (PD). Intrinsic vulnerability to extinction was evenly distributed across the clade and EVE was higher in species present in the Brazilian hotspots of Biodiversity, Atlantic Forest and Cerrado. As expected due to the nature of the index, a few species that differ from the average phenotype presented high EO values, whereas PD values did not vary greatly among pseudoboines. Representatives from almost all clades within the pseudoboines appear among the ten highest PI values, maximizing the phylogenetic diversity of the prioritized taxa. Although it is not possible to compare values obtained in studies to different lineages (indices are clade-specific), extending this approach to more inclusive lineages (e.g., families) might enhance the quality of future prioritization processes. The method we propose would be especially useful for taxonomically driven conservation action plans.

We use social ecological systems theory (SES) to analyse change in forest communities in the northern Bolivian Amazon. SES characterizes interdependent dynamics of social and ecological systems and we hypothesized it to be a useful frame to grasp dynamics of forest communities affected by changes in forest policies, regulations and institutions, as well as economic demands and conservation objectives. We analysed the long-term historical changes since the region became incorporated in the global tropical forest product value chain since the late 19th century and quantitatively analysed changes in 85 forest communities between 1997 and 2009. We collected information on 16 variables related to demographic, productive, and socio-economic characteristics. Results show that forest communities have experienced major changes and have adapted to these changes. Social thresholds, a key concept in SES, are consistent with multiple social economic forces experienced by forest communities. Detrimental feed-back effects of SES can be confronted when innovative exploration mechanisms, such as new productive chains are developed, or the agro-extractive cycles of current productive system are expanded. Competition among households, population growth and more profitable economic opportunities may threaten benign forms of forest products extraction that have persisted through various cycles of internal and external changes.

Antillean dry forests have experienced high levels of human impact for almost five centuries. Economic changes in the second half of the 20th century have facilitated forest recovery in Puerto Rico. We quantified the extent of forest cover and the community composition of representative forest fragments in the subtropical dry forest life zone (sensu Holdridge, 1967) in southwestern Puerto Rico. Forest cover, which was largely eliminated by the 1940s, stood at 48% in the western dry forest life zone in 1993. Fragments varied in land-use history and supported from 1% to 86% of the reference species sampled in Guánica Forest, a 4000-ha protected area. Reference species were well represented in forest fragments, even those smaller than 1 ha, if they had never been completely cleared, but were uncommon in forests regenerating on previously cleared sites. The studied fragments are novel ecosystems which combine native and introduced elements; Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) De Wit, an introduced legume, was the most common species, regardless of land-use history.

Tree cavities play a critical role in the life history of cavity-using species and thus are an important structural feature of forests. Furthermore, some common forest management practices can have a profound negative effect on cavity quantity and quality. This is the first study to address cavity resources in Neotropical montane forests and with this information we hope to develop approaches to sustainable forest management that will assure the conservation of cavity nesters. Our study design consisted of two treatments (control and harvested forest) in both piedmont and cloud forests of the subtropical montane forests of the Andes. This study indicates that cavities are an uncommon feature even in control sites with only 3% of the trees harboring cavities in both forest types. Even more uncommon are potentially usable cavities for avian cavity nesters: only 0.15% of the trees have a potentially usable cavity in the piedmont forest and only 0.42% in the cloud forest. In logged forests there is a significantly lower density of potentially usable cavities (4.12 vs. 0.51 cavities/ha in piedmont forest and 3.91 vs. 1.64 cavities/ha in the cloud forest). Furthermore, we documented a high loss rate of potentially usable cavities (from 23 to 40%/year) that differs between tree species and DBH classes. More specifically, in the piedmont forest, large, decaying Calycophyllum multiflorum have a relatively greater probability of having potentially usable cavities, while in the cloud forest potentially usable cavities are disproportionably found in large, decaying Blepharocalyx gigantea. In both forest types, snags are also very likely to harbor a potentially usable cavity. In order for harvested stands in the subtropical montane forest of the Andes to regain some of their ecological value, it is necessary to retain trees that have potentially usable cavities and also trees with the highest probability of becoming usable cavity trees.

Basic ecological characteristics of a tropical estuary (Tortuguero, Costa Rica) are reviewed with special emphasis on the seasonal (wet season-dry season) variability of abiotic and related biotic parameters. The relationship of estuarine dynamics to the general character of the watershed are discussed, and a proposal to protect the remaining coastal forest cover of the Tortuguero watershed is offered. It is argued that the well-being of tropical estuaries is determined by the conservation of tropical forests.

For decades observers have expressed concern about losses of farmland to sprawl, but until recently they have neglected the effects of sprawl on forests. In this paper we examine how suburban real estate development affected forest cover in New Jersey between 1986 and 1995. Increases in development did accelerate losses of forest cover, primarily in the wealthy, suburban belt of communities that ring New York City. Forest cover remained stable or increased slightly in places with few forests or protected forests. Central place theory provides the most succinct explanation for the pattern of forest losses and gains across communities.

We investigated effects of fruit colour (red, black or white), habitat (anthropogenic edges and forest interior) and fragment size on the removal of artificial fruits in semideciduous forests in south-east Brazil. Eight forest fragments ranging from 251 to 36,000 ha were used. We used artificial fruits, which were placed on shrubs between 1 and 2 m in height and checked after 48 and 96 h for peck marks in the fruits. All three variables affected the probability of consumption of our fruit models. Red and black fruits were statistically more pecked than the white fruits. The probability of fruit consumption was lower in the interior than at the edge and less in small than in large fragments. However, the decrease fruit consumption in small compared with large fragments was more accentuated for red and black fruits than for white fruits. Our results show that habitat reduction and edges affect the chances of a fruit being eaten by birds, which may ultimately affect plant fitness in forest fragments.

Caesalpinia echinata (brazilwood) is a threatened tree endemic to the Brazilian Atlantic forest with a global importance as it is worldwide used to manufacture the most desirable bows for violins, violas, and cellos. Although there is an international initiative for its conservation, there is a lack of studies on the reproductive biology of the species, as for the genus, a fundamental understanding for the conservation of any species. In this paper, we investigated the phenology, pollination, and breeding system of C. echinata, presenting some conservation guidelines for the species, together with a review of studies on the reproductive biology in Caesalpinia s.l. The genus has a complex taxonomic history with recent attempts to reassign its limits. Pending a final resolution of the placing of some species (including C. echinata) our revision covers the traditional Caesalpinia s.l. and includes annotations indicating to which segregate genus each species is now considered to belong, as well as the appropriate combination where this has already been published. Field work was undertaken from October/2004 to December/2006 at the Tapacurá Ecological Station, northeastern Brazil. Flowering occurred mainly in the dry season and the peak of seed dispersal was at the beginning of the wet season. Anthesis is diurnal, lasting 1 day. The flowers are zygomorphic, yellow, sweet-scented, and the effective pollinators were mainly medium-sized to large bees of the genera Centris and Xylocopa, together with the introduced Apis mellifera. Nectar volume and sugar concentration averaged 2.9±1.0 μL and 29.5±9.4%, respectively. The ovary has 1–4 ovules (2.35±0.58) and the pollen/ovule ratio was 5631.2; pollen viability was high (95.9±4.8%). Natural fruit set was low (9.2%) with mature fruits averaging 1.7±0.9 seeds. Results of the controlled pollinations and analysis of pollen tube growth revealed C. echinata presents late-acting self-incompatibility. The pollination biology and breeding system of C. echinata are discussed, together with available data on its genetics and physiology, in terms of best conservation practice for this endangered species. Data on the reproductive biology of the genus are scarce, revealing the predominance of bee pollination and SI system, with the occurrence of late-acting self-incompatibility mechanisms in some species.

Invasive mammalian predators pose one of the greatest threats to biodiversity globally, particularly on oceanic islands. However, little is known about the impacts of these invasive predators on bats (Chiroptera), one of the most specious mammal groups, and one of the most widespread groups of mammals threatened on oceanic islands (> 200 spp.). Nearly 50% of the world's threatened bats are island endemics and because they are often the only native mammals on islands, they fulfil important ecological roles such as pollination and seed dispersal. Long-tailed bats (Chalinolobus tuberculatus) are critically endangered because of predation by exotic mammals, particularly ship rats (Rattus rattus), introduced by humans to the island archipelago of New Zealand. We monitored the survival of bats in three colonies in temperate rainforest in Fiordland over 22 years. Since 2009, we controlled predators during irruption phases and compared survival of bats in previously untreated areas with survival in forest blocks treated using rodenticides deployed in bait stations. Survival was estimated using multi-state mark-recapture models in Program Mark 7.0 with > 15,000 bats tagged. Survival was primarily dependent on year and age of bats, although seedfall intensity of the dominant canopy tree and predator management was also influential. Survival in long-tailed bats was as high as, or higher, than figures for bats generally in years with low predator numbers or predator control. Survival was markedly higher in treatment years when predators were managed (0.82 compared to 0.55). Population modelling indicated managed colonies will increase (λ > 1.05) whereas unmanaged colonies will decline (λ = 0.89 − 0.98) under scenarios that reflect increased frequency of beech mast and predator irruptions. Thus, effective predator control is essential for recovering long-tailed bat populations. Warming temperatures indicate that predator irruptions are becoming more frequent, which would require more predator control in the future than at present if declines in bat populations are to be reversed. These results are relevant to the conservation of threatened bats on oceanic islands, given the abundance of exotic mammalian predators, particularly ship rats, on them.

The establishment of plant species depends crucially on where the seeds are deposited. However, since most studies have been conducted in continuous forests, not much is known about the effects of forest fragmentation on the maintenance of abiotic and biotic characteristics in microhabitats and their effects on seed survival. In this study, we evaluated the effects of forest fragmentation on the predation upon the seeds of the palm Syagrus romanzoffiana in three microhabitats (interior forest, forest edge and gaps) in eight fragments of semi-deciduous Atlantic forest ranging in size from 9.5 ha to 33,845 ha in southeastern Brazil. Specifically, we examined the influence of the microhabitat structure, fauna and fragment size on the pattern of seed predation. Fragments <100 ha showed similar abiotic and biotic characteristics to those of the forest edge, with no seed predation in these areas. Forest fragments 230–380 ha in size did not present “safe sites” for S. romanzoffiana seed survival and showed high seed predation intensity in all microhabitats evaluated. In fragments larger than 1000 ha, the seed predation was lower, with abiotic and biotic differences among gaps, interior forests and forest edges. In these fragments, the survival of S. romanzoffiana seeds was related to squirrel abundance and interior forest maintenance. Based on these results, we concluded that there are no safe sites for S. romanzoffiana seed establishment in medium- and small-sized fragments as result of the biotic and abiotic pressure, respectively. We suggest that on these forest fragments, management plans are needed for the establishment of S. romanzoffiana, such as interior forest improvement and development in small-sized sites in order to minimize the edge effects, and on medium-sized fragments, we suggest post-dispersal seed protection in order to avoid seed predation by vertebrates. Our findings also stress the importance of assessing the influence of forest fragmentation on angiosperm reproductive biology as part of the effective planning for the management of fragmented areas.

Anurans are endangered worldwide and declining populations are in need of urgent conservation management. Optimal conservation actions ideally rely on basic ecological and natural history data, such as population size, habitat requirements and availability, or biotic interactions. Unfortunately, we lack basic natural history information for most frogs, making it difficult to determine species vulnerability in nature. Our goal in this study was to apply a ‘rarity’ index to assess whether rarity and other endangerment assessment criteria can serve complementary roles in conservation prioritization. We applied Rabinowitz’ “eight forms of rarity” classification, which is based on geographic range, habitat specificity, and local population size, to evaluate its value as an indicator of species vulnerability in the anuran assemblage endemic to the Atlantic Coastal Forest of Brazil. We compared patterns of rarity in anurans to IUCN endangerment status, and investigated possible relationships between spatial traits (topographic complexity, elevation, and latitudinal variation) and groups of species with different forms of rarity. We found similar patterns of rarity across taxonomic groups and among local anuran communities, indicating that these patterns are consistent across taxa and geographic scales. We provide evidence that rarity rankings increase in areas of higher elevation and topographic complexity. Our results also indicate that the majority of rare species are classified as threatened according to IUCN; however, 32 species ranked as rare are still considered ‘least concern’ or ‘data deficient’ by the current Brazilian red list of threatened species. We propose that including rarity categories in endangerment assessment for anurans can improve our ability to prioritize conservation efforts for threatened amphibian taxa.

Individually distinctive behavioral traits, or personalities, contribute to population-level processes and ecological interactions important in applied wildlife conservation research. Inter-individual variation in behavioral traits (personality) and correlation among behavioral traits (behavioral syndromes), can influence empirical estimates of population size and structure, models of resource selection and population dynamics, harvest and control in wildlife and fisheries populations, population response to disturbance and novel environments, and the success of reintroductions. Despite the important role that personality and behavioral syndromes play in the ecology and dynamics of wildlife populations, a disconnect between basic and applied research realms continues. While the concept of animal personalities and their role in ecology and evolution is increasingly embraced in the animal behavior, ecology, and evolutionary biology literature, it is less represented in applied wildlife management and conservation literature. We identify 10 research foci, often considered the domain of applied wildlife management and conservation, summarize examples of how these research domains may be influenced by personality and behavioral syndromes, and outline potential implications. We suggest that a focus on individuals in wildlife conservation study can bridge the gap between basic and applied research and incorporate knowledge from both realms towards more effective management, conservation, and recovery of populations.

The loss of carbon storage and sequestration capacity has been increasingly assessed and analyzed worldwide as among the factors causing or amplifying climate change. Solutions that contribute to decreasing the release of carbon and increasing its sequestration, without compromising currently threatened ecosystems, are required, especially for small territories. This study focuses on the strategies to increase the resilience of small islands to these losses, including spatial management to prevent and adapt to climate change while preserving biodiversity. Changes in carbon storage on Pico Island (Azores, Portugal) between 1998 and 2013 were assessed using the InVEST (Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Tradeoffs) Carbon Storage and Sequestration model. Changes in carbon stocks caused by changes in land use during this period, and the stocks’ relationships with protected areas and the quality of natural habitats on Pico Island, were analyzed. Bogs and Azorean endemic Macaronesian heaths store more carbon per ha. Alien species are invading natural areas, and their carbon values need to be carefully addressed. Results, however, indicated that simultaneously increasing carbon stocks (economical value) and protecting biodiversity (environmental value) is possible by adapted and discussed management actions. This study supports the strategies that promote the potential of the conservation of biodiversity for mitigating climate change. The proposed management guidelines can be applied to other Macaronesian islands and, with local adaptations, to other outermost regions.

Kelps are one of the most economically and ecologically important groups of seaweeds in the world. Most kelps are confined to cold temperate regions, and northern Spain is the southern distribution limit of many species in Europe. As the supply from wild harvest cannot meet increasing current and future demands, methods to successfully cultivate kelp species are needed. This review integrates key points about mariculture of kelp species from different cultivation trials conducted along the Atlantic coast of southern Europe, and more specifically about Undaria pinnatifida (wakame) and Saccharina latissima (sugar kombu) along the northern Spanish coast. It focuses on the following topics: (1) effects of hydrodynamic conditions on culture grounds in coastal bays in order to identify optimal locations for culture of both kelp species; (2) suitability of different raft culture systems in sheltered and more exposed environments; (3) identification of the most suitable time frame for the mariculture of both kelps and its relationship with environmental factors; and (4) different methods for open-sea cultivation of S. latissima based on practices traditionally employed in Asian Saccharina farming. Finally, (5) this paper discusses the development of mariculture of the introduced kelp, U. pinnatifida, in relation to the native kelp, S. latissima, both from economic and environmental perspectives. Overall, the information reported here contributes to the knowledge necessary for the successful mariculture of these and other kelps on a commercial basis in this and other areas of Europe.

It is now widely accepted that the majority of tropical landscapes are in transition from disturbance to recovery. Remediation efforts are occurring in Central and South America, attempting to recuperate the soils, often using indigenous nitrogen (N)-fixing tree species. Tree species-generated soil microbial heterogeneity might be important in facilitating regeneration of forest vegetation growth and, although some work has identified these efforts may enhance the soil carbon (C), there have been few studies conducted on how these trees are affecting the below-ground soil biological dynamics in these regions. Here, we explored how and to what extent individual plant effects of a native N-fixing and non-N-fixing plant has affected the below-ground soil C and N metrics and soil bacterial and fungal community composition. To begin to address this, we examined if there were differences in various soil abiotic factors (ToC, TN, C:N ratio, Cmic, NH4+, NO3−, pH, and % moisture) and in the soil bacterial and fungal community composition associated with soil of a native non-N-fixer, Dipteryx panamensis and a native N-fixer, Pentaclethra macroloba, and in comparison to the primary forest bulk-soil in which these tree species occur. We found that primary forest-soils had the greatest amounts of soil NH4+ and Cmic, followed by Pentaclethra-soils. Dipteryx-soils had the least amount of soil Cmic and NH4+, but the greatest amounts of soil NO3−. The PERMANOVA results indicated that the Bray-Curtis soil bacterial and fungal community compositions were significantly different between N-fixing and non-N-fixing tree-soils, and also to that of the primary forest-soils. Our results also demonstrated that soil NH4+ best explained the variation observed in the soil Cmic patterns (39.2%), and, both the soil bacterial (22.8%) and fungal community composition (18.1%). Furthermore, we provide evidence that the N-fixer Pentaclethra-soils stimulates the production of more soil Cmic than the non-N-fixer Dipteryx-soils. It is clear that these tree species are important in creating changes in the soil microbial community composition, and that NH4+ may be associated with a shift in a functional response that may have implications for CUE and remediation in this region.

The effect of armed conflict on deforestation in biodiverse regions across Earth remains poorly understood. Its association with factors like illegal crop cultivation can obscure its effect on deforestation patterns. We used Colombia, a global biodiversity hotspot with a complex political history, to explore the association of both armed conflict and coca cultivation with deforestation patterns. We generated spatial predictions of deforestation pressure based on the period 2000–2015 to understand how armed conflict and coca cultivation are associated with spatial patterns of deforestation and assess the spatial distribution of deforestation pressure induced by armed conflict and coca cultivation. Deforestation was positively associated with armed conflict intensity and proximity to illegal coca plantations. A deforestation model including 14 variables was 78% accurate in predicting deforestation at a 10 km2 resolution. On their own armed conflict and coca cultivation had a notable effect, particularly in the Amazon, but in combination with other variables it was small. Deforestation pressure induced by armed conflict and coca cultivation was highest in Tumaco and Catatumbo regions and in la Macarena, Sierra Nevada and San Lucas mountains—all areas of high biodiversity and conservation importance. In some regions, lack of governance after the peace accords is increasing armed conflict, and our results suggest that those increases in conflict may increase deforestation in those areas. The methods used here can be replicated to help understand the complex ways in which armed conflict affects deforestation patterns in other regions.

Peatlands cover ∼3% of the world's landmass and large expanses have been altered significantly as a consequence of land use change. Forestry activities are a key pressure on these catchments increasing suspended sediment and nutrient export to receiving waters. The aim of this study was to investigate stream dissolved oxygen (DO) and metabolic activity response following clearfelling of a 39-year-old lodgepole pine and Sitka spruce forestry in an upland peat catchment. Significant effects of clearfelling on water temperature, flows, DO and stream metabolic (photosynthesis, respiration) rates were revealed. Stream temperature and discharge significantly increased in the study stream following clearfelling. Instream ecosystem respiration increased significantly following clearfelling, indicating an increase in the net consumption of organic carbon.

Gypsy moth (Lymantria dispar L.) outbreaks affect stand dynamics and successional patterns in pine–oak woodlands of North America's Atlantic coastal plain. Species-poor overstories are dominated by pitch pine (Pinus rigida), black oak (Quercus velutina) and white oak (Quercus alba). Both oaks are preferred food for gypsy moth, and white oak is the dominant late-successional species. We documented, over a 21-year period, the effects of gypsy moth defoliation on forest stand dynamics at Cape Cod National Seashore, Massachusetts. Our goal was to better understand the influence of gypsy moth defoliation on temporal changes in stand composition. Tree species abundance and frequency were measured in 16 stands with varying abundances of pitch pine and oak. Regression of 2-dimesional rates of change calculated from principal components analysis showed that gypsy moth significantly influenced stand dynamics and successional patterns between 1981 and 1992/1993. Defoliation was virtually absent in the 1990s, and analysis of 1992/1993–2002 rates of change showed topographic slope to be the most important factor influencing stand dynamics during this time. For the period 1981–2002 rates of change analysis failed to identify either factor as influencing changes in stand dynamics. We conclude that the 1980s defoliation events had a transitory effect on upland forest composition, but that there exists the potential for significant long-term impact due to recurrent defoliation episodes. Stand composition should be monitored at intervals which roughly correspond to the time it takes for stands to recover to disturbance events, in the case of those we sampled, approximately 10 years.

Bothrops jararaca is a slender and semi-arboreal medically relevant pit viper species endemic to tropical and subtropical forests in southern Brazil, Paraguay, and northern Argentina (Misiones). Within its geographic range, it is often abundant and is an important cause of snakebite. Although no subspecies are currently recognized, geographic analyses have revealed the existence of two well-supported B. jararaca clades that diverged during the Pliocene ~ 3.8 Mya and currently display a southeastern (SE) and a southern (S) Atlantic rainforest (Mata Atlântica) distribution. The spectrum, geographic variability, and ontogenetic changes of the venom proteomes of snakes from these two B. jararaca phylogroups were investigated applying a combined venom gland transcriptomic and venomic analysis. Comparisons of the venom proteomes and transcriptomes of B. jararaca from the SE and S geographic regions revealed notable interpopulational variability that may be due to the different levels of population-specific transcriptional regulation, including, in the case of the southern population, a marked ontogenetic venom compositional change involving the upregulation of the myotoxic PLA2 homolog, bothropstoxin-I. This population-specific marker can be used to estimate the proportion of venom from the southern population present in the B. jararaca venom pool used for the Brazilian soro antibotrópico (SAB) antivenom production. On the other hand, the southeastern population-specific D49-PLA2 molecules, BinTX-I and BinTX-II, lend support to the notion that the mainland ancestor of Bothrops insularis was originated within the same population that gave rise to the current SE B. jararaca phylogroup, and that this insular species endemic to Queimada Grande Island (Brazil) expresses a pedomorphic venom phenotype. Mirroring their compositional divergence, the two geographic B. jararaca venom pools showed distinct bioactivity profiles. However, the SAB antivenom manufactured in Vital Brazil Institute neutralized the lethal effect of both venoms to a similar extent. In addition, immobilized SAB antivenom immunocaptured most of the venom components of the venoms of both B. jararaca populations, but did not show immunoreactivity against vasoactive peptides. The Costa Rican bothropic–crotalic–lachesic (BCL) antivenom showed the same lack of reactivity against vasoactive peptides but, in addition, was less efficient immunocapturing PI- and PIII-SVMPs from the SE venom, and bothropstoxin-I, a CRISP molecule, and a D49-PLA2 from the venom of the southern B. jararaca phylogroup. The remarkable paraspecificity exhibited by the Brazilian and the Costa Rican antivenoms indicates large immunoreactive epitope conservation across the natural history of Bothrops, a genus that has its roots in the middle Miocene.This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Omics Evolutionary Ecolog.

We provide the first estimates of density and population size of two sympatric species of armadillos (Euphractus sexcinctus and Dasypus novemcinctus) for the Vale Natural Reserve, evaluating how poaching would be affecting their habitat use (i.e. detectability and occupancy probability) and also describing their activity patterns. Abundance and density were estimated using a distance sampling technique. Occupancy, detectability, and activity patterns were assessed using camera-trapping during a one-year period. Estimated population densities were 0.06 individuals per hectare (ind/ha) and 0.05 ind/ha for D. novemcinctus and E. sexcinctus, respectively. Occupancy probability of both species was affected by the distance to forest edge. D. novemcinctus showed a positive relationship with increasing distance from the edge, whereas E. sexcinctus showed an opposite relationship. D. novemcinctus also showed higher occupancy rates in sites closer to a water resource. Additionally, occupancy and detectability of both species were negatively affected by historical poaching intensity in the reserve. Activity patterns varied between species, with D. novemcinctus being mostly nocturnal and E. sexcinctus being diurnal. We conclude that despite the two armadillo species sharing several niche dimensions, they showed spatial and temporal segregation. These differences may be an adaptation to reduce interspecific competition but may also be affected by the need to avoid poaching pressures. This study contributes to increase the knowledge and conservation of these two little-studied species.

This study investigates the macroeconomic forces underlying forest clearcutting practices across Canada. In keeping with the relevant literature on environmental degradation, three forces are assumed to influence forest clearcutting: per capita gross domestic product (GDP), technology, and population density. While previous work has used models that assume linear relationships between the latter two variables and environmental degradation, this paper employs a more flexible (quadratic) model. Pooled regression analysis in the Atlantic, Quebec, Ontario, Prairie, and British Columbia regions between 1975-99 indicates that while technological change tends to have an inverted U-shaped relationship with forest area clearcut, population and GDP/capita tend to have the opposite effects. This last variable finding strongly rejects the Environmental Kuznets Curve hypothesis of an inverted U-shaped relationship between GDP/capita and forest area clearcut in Canada.

In a rapidly changing rural Europe, forests are promoted as contributing towards rural development in the sense of improved well-being of local communities. A trans-European research project was designed to establish whether varied rural conditions and the perspectives of local communities influence the perceived contribution of forests towards rural development. In eight European countries inhabitants and landowners were interviewed about their perceptions of quality of life in rural areas and the extent to which forests impact upon it. The contribution of forests to quality of life is perceived as either harmful, beneficial or having nothing to offer. Further, preferred future development options were assessed for the area. It turns out that the main differences between areas are related to perceptions of localities as being more or less ‘marginal’ and perceptions of the role of forests as being more or less ‘harmful for rurality’. Results show that it is the perceived harmful aspect of forests that differentiate areas the most. Most people do not regard forestry as a major future development option, principally due to negative association with, for example, employment opportunities, industrial activities and strength of bond and friendship between neighbours. The differences between areas are related to socio-economic and cultural conditions as well as local forest history.

Estimates of forest soil organic carbon (SOC) have applications in carbon science, soil quality studies, carbon sequestration technologies, and carbon trading. Forest SOC has been modeled using a regression coefficient methodology that applies mean SOC densities (mass/area) to broad forest regions. A higher resolution model is based on an approach that employs a geographic information system (GIS) with soil databases and satellite-derived landcover images. Despite this advancement, the regression approach remains the basis of current state and federal level greenhouse gas inventories. Both approaches are analyzed in detail for Wisconsin forest soils from 1983 to 2001, applying rigorous error-fixing algorithms to soil databases. Resulting SOC stock estimates are 20% larger when determined using the GIS method rather than the regression approach. Average annual rates of increase in SOC stocks are 3.6 and 1.0 million metric tons of carbon per year for the GIS and regression approaches respectively.

Protected areas (PAs) are a cornerstone of biodiversity conservation. Brazil, home to one-third of the world's tropical forests and 12% of its PAs, is a global leader in PA creation and management. Despite this leadership, evidence suggests that Brazil is scaling back elements of its PA network through a process known as PA downgrading, downsizing and degazettement (PADDD). To examine PADDD in Brazil, we created a comprehensive spatial database and documented all enacted and proposed PADDD events since 1900. We identified 67 enacted PADDD events, which affected 112,477 km2 and eliminated 6% of Brazil's total potential terrestrial PA estate. Hydropower (39%) and rural human settlements (20%) were associated with most of these enacted PADDD events, which have increased in frequency since 2005. Another 27 active PADDD proposals currently threaten to eliminate 60,555 km2 of protected lands. We then compared short-term deforestation rates in Brazilian Amazon forests that experienced PADDD to deforestation rates in corresponding still-protected and never-protected forests. Contrary to previous research, we did not find a significant causal effect of enacted PADDD events on short-term deforestation rates; rather, short-term deforestation rates in PADDDed forests appear correlated with broader patterns of deforestation. These findings suggest the need for national policies governing PADDD that are analogous to policies governing the initial establishment of PAs, including public consultation, technical studies, compensatory measures, and visual representation and explanation of the proposed changes.

Peatlands are environmental matrices that store large amounts of organic carbon (TOC) and work as records of environmental changes. Recent record of organic carbon accumulated were assessed in two Forest National Parks, Itatiaia and Serra dos Órgãos in the Southeastern of Brazil. Based on organic and inorganic characterization, the cores from peatlands presented a predominance of organic material in an advanced stage of decomposition and those soils were classified as typical Haplosaprists Histosols. The combination of favorable topographic and climatic conditions led to rapid C accumulation across coastal mountain in the tropical peatlands studied, presenting an average accumulation rate of C, in the last century, of 194 g C m− 2 yr− 1 about 7 higher times than the rate found in boreal and subarctic peatlands, those higher values may be related to changes in the hydrological cycle occurred since 1950s.

The use of transboundary conservation as tools for improving interstate relations has become a widely supported initiative in nature conservation. The rationale follows the environmental peacemaking hypothesis, which argues that seemingly neutral environmental issues can provide a sound basis for cooperation between states. The paper investigates the hypothesis’ premise through the case of International System of Protected Areas for Peace (Si-A-Paz), a transboundary protected area shared by Costa Rica and Nicaragua. In recent years, both countries have been involved in a number of border conflicts within Si-A-Paz and linked to the use of the San Juan River, contested land areas, and oil resources. The case of Si-A-Paz shows that transboundary environmental issues can provide arguments for maintaining or even strengthening conflicts rather than fostering peace between states. The case also shows the emergence of environmental issues as a new arena for geopolitical play, where actors not only justify their actions through an environmental discourse but also, the environmental discourse is stretched to include a variety of issues through which actors can obtain international support. The events in Nicaragua and Costa Rica raise questions about the role of transboundary conservation as a peacebuilding tool.

This paper examines collaborative arrangements between Aboriginal peoples and the forest sector across Canada. Using a broad definition of collaboration, we identified 1378 arrangements in 474 Aboriginal communities in all Canadian provinces and territories, except Nunavut. We categorize these collaborative arrangements into five broad types: treaties and other formal agreements; planning and management activities; influence on decision-making; forest tenures; and economic roles and partnerships. Consistent data was available for only the first three types, which showed that close to 60% of Aboriginal communities use each approach. However, this masks significant differences between provinces. For example, economic roles and partnerships are in place in all New Brunswick communities and 74% of communities in British Columbia, but only 12% of Manitoban communities. The proportion of communities that have been involved in participatory processes in forest decision-making (such as advisory committees and consultation processes) is particularly high in Quebec with 88% of communities, but only 32% of communities hold forest tenures. We also find that three-quarters of all communities choose to engage in two or more approaches, despite the demands that this can place upon the time and energy of community members. We finally consider how policy environments in different jurisdictions affect the frequency of certain types of collaboration. This empirical study, and the typology that it demonstrates, can inform policy development for Aboriginal involvement in Canadian forestry and help guide future research into broader issues of collaborative governance of natural resources.

This study presents the ethnoecology of the crab Ucides cordatus Linnaeus, 1763 through the perception of traditional gatherers in a mangrove forest of northern Rio de Janeiro, south-eastern Brazil. The study also describes gathering techniques and assesses the development of traditional management actions. A total of 66 ethnographic interviews was performed, from which the gatherers' ability to correctly identify the target species and describe aspects of its biology, ecology and behavior was determined. The gatherers who collect U. cordatus in this mangrove forest are primarily female, and the techniques applied include the ‘redinha’ or net method, the ‘braceamento’ or arm method, and the ‘mão’ or hand method. Crab gatherers have developed a traditional management system based on selective gathering according to the sex and size of the animals and the establishment of fallow areas in the mangrove forest. This system facilitates the long-term sustainability of the gathering activity. The existence of a traditional management system in this crab-gathering activity illustrates the fact that traditional knowledge can be applied in the conservation process. Integration of traditional knowledge with scientific knowledge plays a critical role in the development and execution of management plans. This study established a network of relationships between research institutions, the Fishermen's Colony and the community. The acknowledgment of this traditional management system allowed the recognition of certain key individuals who will facilitate the elaboration of educational programs. These local actors can be community members who disseminate ideas and help with decisions related to fishery management. Traditional knowledge can help researchers to understand the environmental conflicts and interests of a community. The union of this knowledge with scientific information can provide support for defining conservation strategies and elaborating laws and thus might improve management plans.

Disturbances are among the most important processes that shape forest dynamics and landscapes. However the historic ranges of variability (HRV) of many coniferous forests in Europe and specifically in the mountains on the Balkan Peninsula are not well understood. We present the first overview of available data on disturbance events in coniferous forests in the high mountains in southwestern Bulgaria. Our study included data from historical publications, documents and archives, newer documentary data obtained through interviews with foresters and verified using satellite images, published studies and new tree-ring data. We documented at least 188 abiotic disturbance events in the Bulgarian mountains including fires (39%), windthrows (31%) and avalanches (20%) and fewer disturbances caused by snow and ice.Fires primarily affected Pine-dominated ecosystems, especially pure Pinus sylvestris and mixed Pinus sylvestris-Pinus nigra forests. Our tree-ring analysis also provided evidence for repeated fires in subalpine Pinus heldreichii and Pinus peuce forests during the last 500 years. Some of these fires affected different valleys within the same year, suggesting either large-scale events or the simultaneous occurrence of fires related to appropriate fuel and climate conditions. We also found data on several large fires in Picea abies-dominated ecosystems. Most of the fires were less than 100 ha, but some were larger, the most extensive of which was the Batalach fire (year 1890, approximately 9000 ha) in the Western Rhodopes. The highest frequency of fires was in 1880–1910, 1940–1950 and 2000–2010. We found evidence for at least 59 windthrows greater than 1 ha, mainly in pure Picea abies and mixed Picea abies-Pinus sylvestris forests. There was high variability in the size of windthrows, ranging from small-scale, gap-sized blowdowns to large and infrequent disturbances affecting more than 300 ha, the largest of which was the Beglika windthrow (1961, 3000 ha). Although avalanches are considered important for subalpine forests on steep slopes they were generally poorly documented and data were limited to several avalanche cycles in 1955, 1963–1974 and in the last two decades. Snow-related damage was important mostly for young pine forests in which several events affected a high stock of wood in the 1930s, 1987, 1988 and 2015.Our data show that natural disturbances of various types and of a range of sizes are part of the natural dynamics of coniferous forests in Bulgaria. Further, our study contributes to the understanding of the historic range of variability of mountain forests in Europe.

Passive acoustic monitoring often leads to large quantities of sound data which are burdensome to process, such that the availability and cost of expert human analysts can be a bottleneck and make ecosystem or landscape-scale projects infeasible. This manuscript presents a method for rapidly analyzing the results of band-limited energy detectors, which are commonly used for the detection of passerine nocturnal flight calls, but which typically are beset by high false positive rates. We first manually classify a subset of the detected events as signals of interest or false detections. From that subset, we build a Random Forest model to eliminate most of the remaining events as false detections without further human inspection. The overall reduction in the labor required to separate signals of interest from false detections can be 80% or more. Additionally, we present an R package, flightcallr, containing functions which can be used to implement this new workflow.

The responses of plant–animal interactions to forest fragmentation can vary. We hypothesized that large-seeded plant species would be more susceptible to forest fragmentation than small-seeded species because large-seeded species rely on a few, extinction prone dispersers. We compared seed dispersal of the large-seeded, mammal dispersed Duckeodendron cestroides and the small-seeded, avian dispersed Bocageopsis multiflora. The number, percentage, distance, and distributions of dispersed seeds were all reduced in fragments for Duckeodendron but not for Bocageopsis. Other fragmentation research in tropical communities supports this hypothesis through three lines of evidence: (1) Large-seeded plant species are more prone to extinction, (2) Fragmentation restricts or alters the movement of large animal dispersers more than small dispersers, and (3) Large and small-seeded species seem to be differentially linked to primary and secondary forest habitats. Therefore, small-seeded plants may be more resilient to forest fragmentation while large-seeded species may be more susceptible and should be a priority for conservation.

Recent declines in the amount of habitat suitable for early successional wildlife in the northeastern US have prompted public land managers to consider establishing minimum levels of young forest, based on the natural range of variation, in order to maintain viable populations of these species. In this paper, we review evidence on the frequency, severity, and scale of natural disturbances in four major forest regions of the northeastern US. Using six independent lines of evidence, we examined the influence of natural disturbances in presettlement and modern times. In situations where estimates of annual disturbance rates were available, we estimated the regional age distribution of forest stands based on the assumption of random spatial pattern of disturbance. Available evidence suggests a gradient of generally decreasing disturbance frequency from coastal regions to the interior uplands and mountains. The proportion of the presettlement landscape in seedling–sapling forest habitat (1–15 years old) ranged from 1 to 3% in northern hardwood forests (Fagus–Betula–Acer–Tsuga) of the interior uplands to possibly >10% in coastal pine–oak (Pinus–Quercus) barrens. Within a region, variability in the amount of young forest is not well known, but upper slopes and ridges generally had the highest disturbance frequency and severity. Comparison of line transect data of the presettlement land surveys with modern plot surveys suggests that present-day amounts of young forests in northern hardwood and spruce–hardwood forests in some regions may be several times higher than in presettlement times. In coastal oak forests and pine–oak barrens, the amount of young forests and open woodlands may be less because of reduced fire frequency.

The conservation of marten (Martes americana) populations within managed forests will require planning at appropriately large temporal and spatial scales. A conceptual model of stand-level dynamics is constructed from empirical study of forests in western Newfoundland and related to the habitat requirements of resident marten. The model suggests that the critical elements of marten foraging habitat are currently found within a senescent forest stand structure. Implications of the model are discussed as they relate to landscape-level disturbance patterns. Changes in both stand-level dynamics and landscape-level phenomena indicate that intensive silviculture is necessary to promote marten habitat within managed forests in Newfoundland. We propose a density management regime designed to provide a marten habitat window within a reasonable pulpwood rotation period. The stand-level prescriptions are intended as a tool to be incorporated into an overall landscape management regime.

Fire in tropical montane cloud forests (TMCFs) is not as rare as once believed. Andean TMCFs sit immediately below highly flammable, high-altitude grasslands (Puna/Páramo) that suffer from recurrent anthropogenic fire. This treeline is a zone of climatic tension where substantial future warming is likely to force upward tree migrations, while increased fire presence and fire impacts are likely to force it downwards. TMCFs contain large carbon stocks in their peat soils and their loss through fire is a currently unaccounted for regional source of CO2. This study, conducted in the southern Peruvian Andes (>2800 m), documents differences in live tree biomass, fine root biomass, fallen and standing dead wood, and soil organic carbon in 4 paired-sample plots (burned versus control) following the severe ground fires that occurred during the 2005 Andean drought. Peat soils contributed the most to biomass burning emissions, with lower values corresponding to an 89% mean stock difference compared to the controls (mean ± SE) (54.1 ± 22.3 vs. 5.8 ± 5.3 MgC ha−1). Contrastingly, carbon stocks from live standing trees differed by a non-significant 37% lower value in the burned plots compared to the controls, largely compensated by vigorous resprouting (45.5 ± 17.4 vs. 69.2 ± 13.4 MgC ha−1). Both standing dead trees and fallen dead wood were significantly higher in the burned plots with a three-fold difference from the controls: dead Trees 45.2 ± 9.4 vs. 16.4 ± 4.4 MgC ha−1, and ca. a 2 fold difference for the fallen dead wood: 11.2 ± 5 vs. 6.7 ± 3.2 MgC ha−1 for the burned plots versus their controls. A preliminary estimate of the regional contribution of biomass burning emissions from Andean TMCFs for the period 2000–2008, resulted in mean carbon emission rates of 1.3 TgC yr−1 (max-min: 1.8–0.8 TgC yr−1). This value is in the same order of magnitude than South American annual fire emissions (300 TgC yr−1) suggesting the need for further research on Andean forest fires. On-going projects on the region are working on the promotion of landowner participation in TMCFs conservation through REDD+ mechanism. The heart of the proposed initiative is reforestation of degraded lands with green fire breaks enriched with economically valuable Andean plant species. The cultivation of these species may contribute to reduce deforestation pressure on the Amazonian cloud forest by providing an alternative income to local communities, at the same time that they prevent the spread of fire into Manu National Park and adjacent community-held forests, protecting forest and reducing CO2 emissions.

Managed forests often differ substantially from undisturbed forests in terms of tree structure and diversity. By altering the forest structure, management may affect the C stored in biomass and soil. A survey of 58 natural stands located in the south-westernmost limit of European beech forests was carried out to assess how the C pools are affected by the changes in tree structural diversity resulting from past management. The mean tree density, basal area and the number of large trees found in unmanaged forests were similar to those corresponding to virgin beech forests in Central Europe, whereas large live trees were totally absent from partially cut stands. Analysis of the Evenness index and the Gini coefficient indicated high structural diversity in the three stand types. The results of the Kolmogorov–Smirnov test used to compare the diameter distributions of each group revealed significant differences between stand types in terms of distributions of total tree species and of Fagus sylvatica.The mean C stocks in the whole ecosystem – trees, litter layer and mineral soil – ranged from 220 to 770 Mg ha−1 (average 380 Mg ha−1). Tree biomass (above and belowground), which averaged 293 Mg C ha−1, constituted the main C pool of the system (50–97%). The statistical test (Kolmogorov–Smirnov) revealed differences in the distribution of C pools in tree biomass between unmanaged and partially cut stands. As a consequence of the presence of large trees, in some unmanaged stands the C stock in tree biomass was as high as 500–600 Mg C ha−1. In the partially cut stands, most of the C was mainly accumulated in trees smaller than 20 cm dbh, whereas in unmanaged stands the 30% of tree C pool was found in trees larger than 50 cm dbh. Furthermore, many unmanaged stands showed a larger C pool in the litter layer. The C content of mineral soils ranged from 40 to 260 Mg C ha−1 and it was especially high in umbrisols. In conclusion, the implementation of protective measures in these fragile ecosystems may help to maintain the highly heterogeneous tree structure and enhance the role of both soils and trees as long-term C sinks.

Land use change in riparian zones is one of the most significant threats to water quality in watershed ecosystems. Riparian forests play a major role in protecting water quality, and there is a need to assess the role of riparian restoration in reducing nutrients and sediment loading. This study uses watershed simulation modeling to evaluate impacts of riparian forest restoration on water quality in a tropical agricultural watershed. Soil Water Assessment Tool (SWAT) is used to simulate streamflow, suspended sediment and nutrients of the Sarapuí River watershed, located in southeast Brazil. We observe a spatial and temporal variation in water quality impacts of changes in land use/land cover (LULC) and rainfall patterns. Watersheds with agricultural and some residential areas had a higher sediment and nutrients loads than forest and with pasture land uses, especially during the wet season. Forested watersheds in general had a better water quality than other LULC types. Riparian restoration in the study watershed can reduce suspended sediment (9.26%), total nitrogen (22.6%), and total phosphorus (7.83%). Protecting riparian zone and site-conservation practices is critical to improve water quality. We observe that the simulation model provides a satisfactory baseline of the watershed system to evaluate impacts of land use changes.

The unavailability of site-specific allometric equations to estimate forest biomass has promoted the use of general equations in tropical moist forests which may result to errors in the estimates. The aim of this study was to develop site-specific allometric equations to estimate biomass of trees in tropical moist forests of Cameroon. For this study, 237 trees (1 ≤ D ≤ 121 cm) obtained by destructive method were used to develop allometric equations for the estimation of aboveground biomass. Allometric equations to estimate belowground and total biomasses were developed with 25 trees and 13 trees respectively. Trunk and crown biomass estimators were also developed in this study using 96 sample trees. Predictor variables considered were diameter, tree height, wood density and crown diameter. 237 and 235 trees were also used to develop regressions equations to estimate tree height and crown diameter respectively. For remote sensing applications, this study developed allometric equations to estimate aboveground biomass using crown diameter as predictor variable. Comparison of our biomass data to existing models showed that the equation of Djomo et al. (2016) provided the best estimator of total and mean biomass. Our study contributes to site-specific allometric equations and to the knowledge of belowground, above, trunk, crown and total biomass, which lack in most of the biomass data in tropical moist forests. Also, adding allometric equations with application to remote sensing, this study is a significant input for the implementation of REDD+ in Central Africa.

The effectiveness of a decision-support tool created to identify protected-area potential within the Nova Forest Alliance (NFA) of Nova Scotia, Canada is assessed from the perspective of a public participatory geographic information system (PPGIS) approach. The application sought to create an integrated GIS-based decision-support tool for community-focused communication and conservation assessment among NFA partners (including private woodland owners, government agencies, forest companies, and non-government organizations) and potential application within other model forests in Canada.The application illustrated that the GIS-based tool, once set up and populated with the necessary data, was able to generate effective visual alternatives to support decision making within the NFA community and elsewhere. However, from a PPGIS perspective, the application faced challenges that influenced the efficacy of its implementation: (1) limitations arose around data quality, use and sharing policies; (2) although opportunities for participation by the NFA partnership were initiated, these proved insufficient to achieve adequate engagement, buy in and support for the process and outcomes; and (3) the expert-grounded GIS-based tool requires a greater degree of expertise than may currently be present in the community. These challenges limit its ongoing use in the NFA and its potential utility in other model forests. For PPGIS-decision-support applications to be effective in the NFA and elsewhere, it is suggested that the following conditions be met: (1) implementation of geographically based data policies to allow for greater data accessibility, specifically with fewer bureaucratic and private sector barriers; (2) engagement of community partners in the initial project design, goal-setting and subsequent stages, even if this requires extensions to anticipated timelines; and (3) development of effective participatory technical systems that meet the needs of participants without being so complex as to constitute a barrier to their use.

Computable general equilibrium (CGE) model analyses of economic impacts from climate change have often focused on individual impacted sectors such as forest. However, such an approach may not provide accurate economic impact estimates since climate change will affect multiple sectors simultaneously. Furthermore, imprecise aggregate economic impact estimates may result if one were to add together individual sector impact estimates. We used CGE models to compare economic impacts of individual, additive, and simultaneous climate-induced changes in Canadian and other regions' forest and agriculture sectors over the 2006–2051 period. We found negative additive impact biases in a majority of regions for five of our economic variables including GDP, income, imports, terms of trade, capital, and total output. Positive additive impact biases were found in a majority of regions for four economic variables including welfare, consumption, export, and labor. These findings emphasize the importance of considering impacted sectors simultaneously when using CGE models to evaluate the economic impacts of climate change.

Tropical forests are huge reservoirs of terrestrial carbon and are experiencing rapid degradation and deforestation. Understanding forest structure proves vital in accurately estimating both forest biomass and also the natural disturbances and remote sensing is an essential method for quantification of forest properties and structure in the tropics. Our objective is to examine canopy vegetation profiles formulated from discrete return LIght Detection And Ranging (lidar) data and examine their usefulness in estimating forest structural parameters measured during a field campaign. We developed a modeling procedure that utilized hypothetical stand characteristics to examine lidar profiles. In essence, this is a simple method to further enhance shape characteristics from the lidar profile. In this paper we report the results comparing field data collected at La Selva, Costa Rica (10° 26′ N, 83° 59′ W) and forest structure and parameters calculated from vegetation height profiles and forest structural modeling. We developed multiple regression models for each measured forest biometric property using forward stepwise variable selection that used Bayesian information criteria (BIC) as selection criteria. Among measures of forest structure, ranging from tree lateral density, diameter at breast height, and crown geometry, we found strong relationships with lidar canopy vegetation profile parameters. Metrics developed from lidar that were indicators of height of canopy were not significant in estimating plot biomass (p-value = 0.31, r2 = 0.17), but parameters from our synthetic forest model were found to be significant for estimating many of the forest structural properties, such as mean trunk diameter (p-value = 0.004, r2 = 0.51) and tree density (p-value = 0.002, r2 = 0.43). We were also able to develop a significant model relating lidar profiles to basal area (p-value = 0.003, r2 = 0.43). Use of the full lidar profile provided additional avenues for the prediction of field based forest measure parameters. Our synthetic canopy model provides a novel method for examining lidar metrics by developing a look-up table of profiles that determine profile shape, depth, and height. We suggest that the use of metrics indicating canopy height derived from lidar are limited in understanding biomass in a forest with little variation across the landscape and that there are many parameters that may be gleaned by lidar data that inform on forest biometric properties.

When effectively managed, Protected Areas (PAs) are capable of generating multiple forms of value, both tangible and intangible, for individuals and institutions. However, the value-generating potential of many PAs may be going unrecognized and underutilized due to a limited view of management objectives as codified within the parks’ Management Plan. Here, we test the hypothesis that PAs are undervalued by evaluating the degree to which Management Plans from four different Brazilian designations (National Parks, Ecological Stations, Environmental Protected Areas and National Forests) recognize different categories of nature-related assets (entities, attributes and relationships that can be protected, managed and/or invested in to generate forms of value). Based on a recently proposed PA Asset Framework, we identify what assets are mentioned by Management Plans and what assets are under-represented. Our results indicate that Human and Cultural assets are the least represented of the major asset classes (Biophysical, Human, Infrastructural, Institutional and Cultural) and that many asset sub-categories that should reasonably be expected to be present in Management Plans are frequently not mentioned. Assets that are not being considered in Management Plans are, by extension, less likely to be managed and/or invested in. Given the strong similarities between PA Management Plans in different countries, these results probably reflect a general trend. A simple way to ensure that PAs maximize the value generating potential (within the context of their designation) would be to survey their assets and generate a ‘PA Asset Management and Investment Plan’ to supplement and support existing planning documentation.

Planting tree species with desirable traits may catalyze forest regeneration in increasingly common degraded lands by restoring soil properties and attracting seed dispersers. We sampled forest regeneration in an experimental plantation of Albizia lebbek, an introduced N-fixing species, on a degraded pasture in northern Puerto Rico, 27 years after its establishment. We hypothesized that the abundance of animal-dispersed tree species within this unmanaged plantation would be (1) greater than in adjacent pastures; (2) higher at distances closer to secondary forest; and (3) increased over the 20 years since floristic surveys were last conducted in the site. We sampled forest structure and tree species composition, and compared the abundance of animal-dispersed tree species on plots located within the adjacent pasture and the A. lebbek plantation, within the plantation in plots distanced at 10, 35, and 60 m from secondary forest, and within the plantation at 7 vs. 27 years after plantation establishment. We found higher abundance of animal-dispersed tree species in the A. lebbek plantation than in the pasture. Distance from secondary forest had no effect on the abundance of animal-dispersed species. The abundance of animal-dispersed species increased by 14% between 7 and 27 years after plantation establishment. In all, these results indicate that A. lebbek trees facilitated the establishment of native animal-dispersed species by shading out tall grasses and acting as perches for animals throughout the plantation. We found that A. lebbek lost its dominance in the site to another introduced N-fixing species, Leucaena leucocephala, possibly due to unfavorable traits such as susceptibility to pathogens. Our findings document a transition from an experimental plantation to a novel urban forest that harbors an array of native tree species, largely due to the dispersal of seeds by animals. A noteworthy example is the presence of Guaiacum officinale, an animal-dispersed and endangered tree species native to the dry forests of southern Puerto Rico. Our results highlight how monocultures of introduced tree species with desirable traits can catalyze the regeneration of native tree species in chronically degraded lands.

Brazilian ironstone outcrops (“Cangas”) are characterized by high soil iron concentrations, high ambient temperatures, strong water restrictions, and occupation by vascular plants showing high levels of rarity and/or endemism. Another group of plants commonly inhabiting Cangas are bryophytes, which have important roles in maintaining soil moisture and nutrient levels, but are only infrequently investigated. Cangas sites are currently threatened by mining, uncontrolled urbanization, and deforestation. We therefore addressed the following questions: 1) What is the beta diversity of bryophyte communities on ironstone outcrops in two different Protection Areas – PAs? 2) Does anthropogenic disturbance drive bryophyte community assembly? 3) What are the influences of microhabitats and substrate availability on bryophyte assemblages? We analyzed the bryophytes in eight Cangas sites in two PAs in Minas Gerais State, Brazil, and characterized their communities in terms of their different microhabitats/substrates, elevation, and disturbance levels. Ninety-six bryophyte species were identified (56 mosses, 40 liverworts), distributed mainly among Tree-Associated microhabitats (68 spp.) and Tree Bark substrates (67 spp.). Bryophytes demonstrate deterministic distributions and the anthropogenic disturbance is an important environmental filter. We also identified differentiation in bryophyte assemblages among the different microhabitats/substrates on ironstone outcrops, especially in Gandarela National Park sites (GA). In Rola-Moça State Park (RM), there was a taxonomic homogenization, probably associated with high levels of anthropogenic disturbance. Compared to other plant communities encountered growing on different types of rocky outcrops, the ironstone outcrops in southeastern Brazil were found to harbor high bryophyte diversity. These findings highlight the importance of conserving diverse Cangas sites, as they accommodate specific bryophyte communities.

We examined landscape supplementation (sensu [Oikos 65 (1992) 169]) by forest birds along forest/savanna boundaries in central Brazil to: (1) verify the role of savanna vegetation in providing resources to forest bird communities; (2) suggest minimum amounts of savannas to be conserved within corridors, to provide adequate foraging habitat for forest birds outside reserves. Transect counts parallel (n=64) and perpendicular (n=64) to forests were conducted in eight savannas (cerrado sensu stricto) between February 2000 and January 2001. Patterns of species richness and abundance of birds in relation to distances from forests were examined using Generalised Linear Mixed Models. Omnivores were the most abundant birds foraging in savannas, followed by insectivores and frugivores. Landscape supplementation in savannas was proportional to the density of savanna vegetation. Also, it was higher in the breeding season than in the non-breeding period. These two patterns suggest that surrounding savannas play a major role in providing additional foraging areas for forest bird species. We suggest that the environmental policy currently protecting 20 m of gallery forests along each side of rivers be modified to include at least 60 m of savanna along these forests through central Brazil. The study suggests that appropriate conservation efforts should also encompass the surrounding matrix to which the home ranges of target species are expanded, and not only their major habitat.

The dispersal syndrome hypothesis states that plant diaspores show morphological features that are the results of adaptation for dispersal by a particular vector. This can enable to identify the relative importance of dispersal agents within plant communities. Nevertheless, there is still little information about seed dispersal spectra and diaspore traits related to different dispersal agents in the equatorial montane forests, despite their high biodiversity and important ecosystem services as watersheds for human communities. Due to an increase in environmental stress at high elevations a reduction in the prevalence of endozoochory, and a reduction in the size of endozoochorous diaspores in plant assemblages could be expected. We reviewed published data from 64 Andean cloud forest plots to assess the dispersal spectra, the incidence of different traits related to seed dispersal, and the distribution of dispersal syndromes within cloud forests of northern South America. We then evaluated two questions related to seed dispersal in these forests: (1) Does the number and percentage of endozoochorous species in woody plant assemblages decrease at higher elevation? and (2) Does the mean diaspore size of endozoochorously dispersed tree assemblages decrease with elevation?Endozoochory was the main dispersal syndrome of the woody plant species evaluated. Associated diaspore traits, such as single seeded, small size and black or purple fruits, were the most common, probably because they are attractive to bird seed dispersers. The most common fruit types in cloud forests were berries, drupes and dehiscent capsules. On the other hand, the percentage of endozoochorous species in cloud forests was correlated to the mean annual temperature, rather than annual rainfall. We also found a distinct increase in anemochory with elevation. Furthermore, and as predicted, we found that the mean diaspore length of endozoochorous assemblages decreased with altitude. Our results suggest that in the equatorial montane forests, endozoochory is the most common dispersal syndrome although environmental stress in high elevation zones promotes an increase in the prevalence of anemochorous species. Anemochorous species produce dry fruits and small diaspores, probably favored at high elevations due to the low temperatures and nutrients availability and the high costs involved in the production of suitable pulp for animal dispersers.

Information on post-hurricane urban forest debris in the Southeastern United States is limited. A stratified subset of permanent plots within the city of Houston, Texas, originally established in 2001 were selected and measured for hurricane impacts on urban forest structure and debris generation following Hurricane Ike which struck the Houston region on September 13, 2008. Three statistical models were developed and input parameters included measured urban forest structure data, land cover data from existing plots, the National Hurricane Center's H*Wind dataset, and the United States Geological Survey's National Land Cover Database. The statistical models estimated tree debris based on alignment of pre- and post-storm data. Land cover was tested as a proxy variable for pre-storm urban forest biomass and post-storm tree debris. Estimates of pre-storm, urban forest biomass were established to test the statistical relationship between pre-storm biomass and poststorm debris. Testing of both land cover as a proxy variable and the biomass–debris relationship were performed to simplify volumetric estimates of debris produced through statistical modeling. Debris models were spatially analyzed to determine debris distribution and to compare with existing literature and available vegetation debris estimation models. Results suggest that urban forest structure variables have greater influence over variation in debris estimates than storm-related variables.

Recent issues of this journal have presented an interesting debate regarding forest fires in Galicia, Spain. This article proposes a forest-energy programme that will contribute to reducing the risk of forest fires in this Atlantic Region of Southern Europe. We apply the contingent valuation method to assess a programme whereby 10% of the electricity produced from coal, fuel oil and gas would be replaced by electricity generated in biomass power plants. The programme would begin implementation in 2005 and it would take 6 years (up to 2010) before we reach the 10% goal. The results show that Galician households are willing to pay a mean of 38 Euros per year. In addition, we have introduced an innovative procedure to detect protest responses related to the payment vehicle in a contingent valuation. Heckman's sample-selection procedure is used to analyse the WTP function.

Large herbivores are keystone species in many forest areas, as they shape the structure, species diversity and functioning of those ecosystems. The European bison Bison bonasus has been successfully restored after extinction in the wild at the beginning of 20th century. As free-ranging populations of the species were re-established mainly in forest habitats, knowledge of the impact by the largest European terrestrial mammal on tree stands is essential. This helps to make management and conservation decisions for viable population maintenance of the species in the wild. Using a novel DNA-based method of herbivore diet analysis, the trnL approach (DNA-barcoding), we investigated the influence of different foraging conditions (access to supplementary fodder) on bison diet in winter and its potential impact on woody species. Faecal samples were collected from different bison treatment groups: (1) intensively fed; (2) less intensively fed; (3) non-fed utilising forest habitats; and (4) non-fed utilising agricultural areas surrounding the Forest. These were analysed to estimate the proportion of different plant groups consumed by bison. Bison groups differed significantly in their diet. The amount of woody materials (trees and shrubs) consumed by bison increased with decreasing access to supplementary fodder, ranging from 16% in intensively fed bison to 65% in non-fed bison utilising forest habitats. Inversely, the amount of herbs, grasses and sedges decreased from 82% in intensively fed bison to 32% in non fed bison utilising forest habitats. The species of trees mainly browsed by bison, Carpinus/Corylus, Betula sp. and Salix sp., were of lower economic importance for forest management. The impact of bison on tree species needs further investigation, however, we can predict that browsing by bison, mainly on Carpinus/Corylus, makes an insignificant impact on forestry due to the high and increasing representation of this species in the forest understory. Supplementary feeding has several negative effects on bison ecology and health, therefore reduced and distributed supplementary feeding should be applied as the management practice in the Białowieża Forest.

We used hoverflies as an indicator group to assess the role of open spaces in maintaining biodiversity within plantation forests. We set out to investigate the factors correlated with hoverfly biodiversity in open spaces in plantation forests, and to make recommendations for planning and management of open spaces in plantation forests to enhance biodiversity. The majority (nearly 80%) of the species we recorded are associated with open space habitats rather than closed-canopy forest. The species richness of the fauna associated with large open spaces was slightly, but significantly, higher in unplanted glades compared to forest roads. The species richness of the open space fauna was positively correlated with forest road width but did not show any relationship with overall amounts of open space. Species with larvae feeding on the foliage of trees and shrubs were associated with the presence of broad-leaved woody vegetation. Species with larvae developing in surface water habitats were associated with wet habitat features. Planning and management for hoverfly biodiversity in Irish conifer plantations should focus on the open space component, and should encourage broad-leaved trees and shrubs and wet habitat features. Wide forest roads or unplanted glades should be included to allow the maintenance of well-developed open space habitat in mature spruce forests.

Designing conservation areas entails costs that, if considered explicitly, can be minimized while still achieving conservation targets. Here we focus on opportunity costs which measure forgone benefits from alternative land uses. Conservation planning studies often use partial estimates of costs, but the extent to which these result in actual efficiencies has not been demonstrated. Our study partitions land costs into three distinct opportunity costs to smallholder agriculture, soybean agriculture and ranching. We demonstrate that opportunity costs to single stakeholder groups can be inaccurate measures of true opportunity costs and can inadvertently shift conservation costs to affect groups of stakeholders disproportionately. Additionally, we examine how spatial correlations between costs as well as target size affect the performance of opportunity costs to single stakeholder groups as surrogate measures of true opportunity costs. We conclude that planning with opportunity costs to single stakeholder groups can result in cost burdens to other groups that could undermine the long-term success of conservation. Thus, an understanding of the spatial distributions of opportunity costs that are disaggregated to groups of stakeholders is necessary to make informed decisions about priority conservation areas.

One of the main challenges of international environmental agreements is improving relevant policy actions to promote adequate environmental responses. To support the work of decision makers, recent studies have used environmental and social indicators to construct global and regional-scale indices. This study aimed to use the Ocean Health Index and the Management Ranking for Brazilian States to assess Brazil’s performance regarding the Aichi Biodiversity Targets (ABTs) for coastal and marine ecosystems. Thus, six ABTs were matched and their performance was evaluated. These ABTs focused on the following topics: pollution, fish and invertebrate stocks, pressures on coral, threatened species and their conservation, the contribution of biodiversity to carbon stocks and the national biodiversity strategy and action plan. However, although the indices used showed many pathways to explore how Brazil is performing, it is still complex to evaluate ABTs’ performance regarding coastal and marine ecosystems at a global and regional scale.

Areas of high conservation value were identified in the Western Ghats using a systematic conservation planning approach. Surrogates were chosen and assessed for effectiveness on the basis of spatial congruence using Pearson’s correlations and Mantel’s tests. The surrogates were, threatened and endemic plant and vertebrate species, unfragmented forest areas, dry forests, sub-regionally rare vegetation types, and a remotely sensed surrogate for unique evergreen ecosystems. At the scale of this analysis, amphibian richness was most highly correlated with overall threatened and endemic species richness, whereas mammals, especially wide-ranging species, were better at capturing overall animal and habitat diversity. There was a significant relationship between a remote sensing based habitat surrogate and endemic tree diversity and composition. None of the taxa or habitats served as a complete surrogate for the others. Sites were prioritised on the basis of their irreplaceability value using all five surrogates. Two alternative reserve networks are presented, one with minimal representation of surrogates, and the second with 3 occurrences of each species and 25% of each habitat type. These networks cover 8% and 29% of the region respectively. Seventy percent of the completely irreplaceable sites are outside the current protected area network. While the existing protected area network meets the minimal representation target for 88% of the species chosen in this study and all of the habitat surrogates, it is not representative with regard to amphibians, endemic tree species and small mammals. Much of the prioritised unprotected area is under reserve forests and can thus be incorporated into a wider network of conservation areas.

Old growth mangroves in existing protected areas store more carbon than restored forests or plantations. Carbon storage in such forests has economic value independent of additionality, offering opportunities for policy makers to ensure their maintenance, and inclusion in climate change mitigation strategies. Mangrove forests of the Everglades National Park (ENP), South Florida, though protected, face external stressors such as hydrological alterations because of flooding control structures and agriculture impacts and saltwater intrusion as a result of increasing sea level rise. Moreover, decreased funding of Everglades’ restoration activities following the recent economic crisis (beginning 2008) threatens the restoration of the Greater Everglades including mangrove dominated coastal regions. We evaluate several economic and ecological challenges confronting the economic valuation of total (vegetation plus soil) organic carbon (TOC) storage in the ENP mangroves. Estimated TOC storage for this forested wetland ranges from 70 to 537 Mg C/ha and is higher than values reported for tropical, boreal, and temperate forests. We calculate the average abatement cost of C specific for ENP mangroves to value the TOC from $2–$3.4 billion; estimated unit area values are $13,859/ha–$23,728/ha. The valuation of the stored/legacy carbon is based on the: 1) ecogeomorphic attributes, 2) regional socio-economic milieu, and 3) status of the ENP mangroves as a protected area. The assessment of C storage estimates and its economic value can change public perception about how this regulating ecosystem service of ENP mangrove wetlands (144,447 ha) supports human well-being and numerous economic activities. This perception, in turn, can contribute to future policy changes such that the ENP mangroves, the largest mangrove area in the continental USA, can be included as a potential alternative in climate change mitigation strategies.

Vegetation changes, such as shrub encroachment and forest expansion over grasslands, prairies and savannas have been related to changes in climatic (mainly rainfall and temperature) and atmospheric conditions (CO2 concentration). However, a longstanding question in ecology is how mosaics of forests and open-canopy ecosystems could persist over millennia in sites where climatic conditions favor forests. Here we tested the influence of interactions between grass-tree competition, environmental heterogeneity (topography), seed dispersal, initial density and spatial aggregation of vegetation patches and disturbance behavior (fire) on the long-term coexistence of forests and grasslands in South Brazil. For this, we incorporated the adaptive dynamic global vegetation model (aDGVM) into a spatially explicit modeling approach (2D-aDGVM). Our results showed that recurrent disturbance related to grasses such as fires plays a key role in maintaining the long-term coexistence of forests and grasslands, mainly through feedbacks between disturbance frequency and grass biomass. Topographic heterogeneity affected the rate of forest expansion by adding spatio-temporal variability in vegetation-fire feedbacks. However, the spatial pattern and connectivity of fire-prone (grasslands) and fire-sensitive (forest) vegetation patches were more important to maintain the long-term coexistence of both alternative vegetation states than the initial proportion of forest and grasslands patches. The model is the first individual-based DGVM to consider the combined effects of topography, seed dispersal and fire spread behavior in a spatially explicit approach.

A forest is a system, which intercepts solar energy under the control of climatic, weather and edaphic factors and the genetic properties of trees and other organisms occupying forest habitats. The interlinks among these organisms are dynamic, and this is the key to the management of forests ecosystems. Appropriate manipulation of forest dynamics allows the forest manager to produce timber and/or other commodities and environmental values obtainable from the forest. In this context, gaps in our knowledge of the management of boreal forests are closely related to our understanding of how boreal forest function in their natural state and to what extent their natural structure can be modified through management. Management of the boreal forests has mainly been developed with the aim of optimising timber production with only little concern for the other commodities and services obtainable from forest ecosystems and how to apply and combine different management actions operations in order to optimise forest production in terms of multi-goal management.In many parts of Europe, including the parts containing boreal forests, forest resources have substantially increased since the 1950s. Consequently, the age structure of forests would shift to being less optimal for forestry. Over Europe, increasing forest growth and accumulation of biomass in the forests appears to be unavoidable if the current trend in forestry and forest-based industries continues. Furthermore, the boreal forests in the European North are expected to experience profound changes due to the elevation of temperature by 2–4°C during the next 100 years with concurrent increase in the concentration of atmospheric carbon. Temperature elevation will most probably promote forest growth and lead to changes in the tree-species composition. On the other hand, forests contain of a huge amount of carbon removed temporarily from the global carbon cycle and thereby from the atmosphere. To maintain and improve the capacity of the boreal forests in the European North to sequestrate carbon requires an appropriate balance between old-growth forests (capacity to store) and younger forests (capacity to sequestrate).

Agricultural expansion and intensification drive the conversion of natural areas worldwide. Scenarios are powerful tools to explore possible future changes in agricultural land use, how these may affect the environment, and how policies may influence land-use patterns. Focusing on Argentina’s prime agricultural areas, the Pampas, Espinal and Chaco, we developed spatially-explicit future land-use scenarios from 2010 to 2030, considering both agricultural expansion (i.e., conversions from woodland to either grazing land or cropland) and agricultural intensification (i.e., conversions from grazing land to cropland). Our simulations were based on an econometric model of net returns, which assumes economically rational land-use actors. Using this model, we assessed the rates and spatial patterns of future land-use change under current land zoning in our study region, and contrasted this with a forecast of future land use based on land-conversion rates from 2000–2010. We systematically tested the impact of economic policies (e.g., taxes or subsidies), infrastructure improvement (e.g., road paving), and technological innovation (i.e., yield increases) on the spatial patterns of land-use conversions. Our model suggests future land-use change will mainly happen along intensification pathways, with deforestation slowing down, if land-use actors would be profit-maximizing. This general pattern did not change even for policy interventions that impacted profits from agriculture in major ways, cautioning against overestimating the leverage that economic policies provide for halting deforestation. Improving the region’s road network would create a strong incentive to expand cropland further into remaining woodlands and over grazing lands. However, low agricultural profits and higher yields could curb deforestation in marginal areas to some extent. We also highlight that priority areas for conservation are particularly likely to experience high land-use pressure in the future. Given the lower-than-expected power of economic policies to alter deforestation patterns in our models, zoning, if properly enforced, appears to be a more straightforward tool for avoiding unwanted environmental impacts in the Chaco.

The increasing demand for forest biomass, notably from primary residues of harvested trees for the production of bioenergy, has raised concerns because of potential adverse effects on forest soil productivity. Our aim was to develop and validate spatially explicit planning indicators of site suitability for harvesting residue removal based on mapped forest site properties for four large case study areas located across Canada, each containing field studies on the impact of harvesting residue removal. Sustainability was assessed relative to the baseline scenario of conventional stem-only harvesting, to investigate the incremental effects of the removal of residues associated with whole-tree harvesting in typical operational conditions in Canada. Using information from scientific literature and guidelines from various jurisdictions, eleven planning indicators were developed, from which nine were related to the loss of soil fertility risk and two to erosion risk. Planning indicators were tested for redundancy and validated using response indicators of stand growth and nutrition from field studies. Several relationships between mapped soil properties and the empirical response of stands to harvesting residue removal were found. Planning indicators based on concentrations of organic C, total N and total P in the top 30 cm of the mineral soil best explained stand responses to harvesting residue removal. Despite caveats, the methodology used here demonstrates an approach for developing and empirically testing planning indicators of site suitability for harvesting residue removal. As more information on the impact of this practice becomes available from field studies, it can be used to refine and further validate the indicators.

Maintenance of forests biodiversity is intimately related on the one hand to the species and community-related ecological needs of flora and fauna living in the forest and on the other hand the disturbance regimes of the specific forest type. Populations of plants and animals need minimum biotopes for their ontogeny; for assuring their survival they depend on a minimum of connected suitable areas. Specific traits of forest types are based upon different disturbance regimes, ranging from small-scale internal processes (e.g. regeneration, growth, senescence, mortality, gap dynamics) generating normal forest cycles (i.e. regular sequences, e.g. regeneration, optimum, decay phases) to potentially chaotic and large-scale, frequently external, disturbances, e.g. fire, landslides, or beetle attacks. Forest protection may meet the needs of these very different demands by varied protected area networks going from small (>100 ha), medium (1000 ha) to large-scale reserves (National Parks, several thousands of ha). According to this triple protection concept not only graduated threshold numbers, but also threshold sizes and threshold areas for forest protection must be defined. To realize this concept the regional and local conditions (forest area, forest cover percentage, forest composition, socio-economic targets) must always be taken in consideration.

This study analyses the winter colonization of an archipelago of 31 forests (0·1–350 ha) in central Spain by the guild of pariforms (Parus, Aegithalos, Regulus, Sitta and Certhia). Two hypotheses are considered: (a) that birds with similar habitat preferences tend to disappear simultaneously with the reduction in forest size, leading to a ‘nested’ pattern of species distribution; or (b) that the species in the smallest forests are a random sample of those found in the larger ones. The results support hypothesis (a). The species that depend on relatively scarce resources, such as tree trunks and junipers Juniperus thurifera (Sitta europaea, Certhia brachydactyla, Parus cristatus and P.ater) only occupied the largest forests. On the other hand, species that exploit abundant, ubiquitous resources, such as holm oak Quercus ilex foliage (Regulus ignicapillus and Parus caeruleus), were distributed uniformly throughout all the fragments. These results emphasize the need for a better understanding of habitat selection by species when designing conservation strategies for fragmented populations.

Successful management of tropical forest resources depends upon an understanding of their patterns of density and spatial distribution, since these affect the potential for harvesting. The variation in these patterns across different spatial scales has rarely been explored. We assessed the extent to which different spatial scales are useful in understanding resource distribution, using the example of an economically-significant tropical tree genus, Copaifera, which is valued across Brazilian Amazonia for its medicinal oleoresin. We mapped the spatial distribution of Copaifera trees at three nested spatial scales: basin-wide (across Brazilian Amazonia), landscape (across two contiguous extractive reserves) and local (within a 100-ha plot). Using data from our own study and an Amazon-wide forest inventory (Projeto RADAMBRASIL), we quantified the population distribution, density and size structure at the genus and species level at all three scales, relating these to two environmental variables – forest type and elevation. Spatial statistics were used to further characterize the resource at the landscape and local levels. The distribution, density and adult population structure differed between species and forest types at all three spatial scales. Overall tree densities ranged from 0.37 ha–1 (basin-wide scale) to 1.13 ha–1 (local scale) but varied between forest types, with várzea containing a Copaifera tree density just 43% of that in terra firme forest at the landscape scale. Spatial distribution analyses showed significant clumping of some species, especially C. multijuga which averaged 61 m between neighbouring trees. We compare our cross-scale density estimates and discuss the relative merits of studying the distribution of non-timber forest products (NTFP) at more than one spatial scale. Our results have implications for the management and extraction of this important Amazonian forest resource.

Patterns of species loss and decline in a forest bird community following deforestation near Lagoa Santa, Brazil, were examined in three forest fragments during 1987. Records of 107 species were compared with those collected by Lund and Reinhardt [Reinhardt, J. (1870). Vidensk. medd. Dansk Nat.-hist. Foren., 22, 1–124, 315–457]. Thirteen forest species recorded in the last century were not found in the same area in 1987. Some of these species were previously common. Species loss was related to fragment size; thus, in fragments of 24, 63 and 198 ha, we found 20, 29 and 34 forest species, respectively. The more diverse community of the original forest has been replaced by a community strongly dominated by a few species, at least four of which apparently were uncommon in the last century. Species that had increased in the area were small forest birds that feed on small insects in the understorey. Those that declined included species with specialized food requirements or feeding behaviour and species at the limit of their distributional range.

Loblolly pine monocultures have been increasingly expanding in the Atlantic Forest of South America especially in northern Argentina. Pine plantations can modify understory vegetation and soil characteristics due to the management practices and to the dense mulch of pine needles that develop in the forest floor that could affect soil biota and ecosystem processes. Nitrogen (N) addition as expected as atmospheric deposition can also contribute to these changes. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of litter removal and low levels of N addition on understory regeneration, soil mesofauna abundance, and leaf litter decomposition. For this purpose, a completely randomized block design was used. Nitrogen addition had significant effects on understory regeneration promoting creeping herbs, graminoids and shrubs life forms affecting tree establishment and growth. Litter removal treatment showed the same pattern but only promoting the creeping herbs that could also have affected tree species. Decomposition decreased due to litter removal and was slightly increased by N addition. The addition of N decreased the abundance of mesofauna in the mulch, especially Symphypleone (a suborder of Collembola), but the abundance of the soil communities was not affected. Litter removal had a strong impact on these communities because most individuals and species of the mesofauna are present in the litter and not in the soil. This is one of the first studies analyzing the effect of low amounts of N addition and litter removal in subtropical pine plantations and contribute to understand potential impacts of increasing N deposition on biodiversity and soil processes, and to select organisms that may help as bioindicators in assessing impacts on ecological functions in productive ecosystems.

Recent studies have demonstrated the increasingly important role of lianas (woody vines) in forest regeneration, species diversity and ecosystem-level processes, particularly in the tropics. Mechanisms responsible for the maintenance of liana species diversity could yield new insights into the maintenance of overall species diversity. Lianas contribute to forest regeneration and competition, not only by competing directly with trees, but also by differentially affecting tree species and thus changing how trees compete among themselves. In addition, they contribute considerably to ecosystem-level processes, such as whole-forest transpiration and carbon sequestration. As the rate of tropical forest disturbance increases, they are likely to increase in relative abundance throughout the tropics and the importance of lianas to many aspects of forest dynamics will grow.

Coastal habitats near urban centres in North Atlantic estuaries often support substantial numbers of wintering waterfowl, but little is known of the effects of landscape setting and urbanisation on habitat use. We conducted surveys of waterfowl at 32 wintering sites in Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island, to identify characteristics that may influence habitat use. Sites were chosen along a gradient of urbanisation and reflected the dominant habitat types used by waterfowl in the Bay. Mean waterfowl abundance was 206.7 ± 209.5 birds per site, and sites in the inner part of the estuary had higher overall waterfowl abundances (r2 = 0.40, p = 0.021). Species richness ranged from 3.2 to 13.0 and decreased with increasing hunting activity (r2 = 0.36, p = 0.040). Hunting activity and habitat characteristics (e.g., latitude, shoreline configuration, prey density) explained 13–27% of the variation in waterfowl abundance and species richness among sites, but landscape characteristics (e.g., surrounding residential development, vegetated land, or wetland surrounding the sites and the extent of wetland edge) explained an additional 1–26%. The landscape characteristics extent of adjacent residential development and vegetated upland were the most common variables entering into the models; most species were more abundant at sites with more adjacent vegetated upland and less adjacent residential development. Our results suggest that landscape setting may be influencing the distribution of wintering waterfowl, and should be considered when developing strategies for the conservation for these species in urban North Atlantic estuaries.

Populations of the European wildcat (Felis silvestris) are only slowly recovering in Central Europe after a severe decline in the last centuries and require specific conservation plans in many areas. However, detailed information on wildcat occurrence and habitat requirements is still scarce and controversial. We present a fine-scale habitat selection model for wildcats based on detailed species and land use information and evaluate its accuracy to predict habitat distribution in new areas. We analysed habitat use within home ranges using single locations of 12 radio-tracked individuals from south western Germany. Several competing models were fitted and compared using generalised linear mixed models (GLMM) and information-theoretic approaches. Radio-tracking data of 9 and 10 wildcats from two distant areas were used to evaluate the models. The selected model predicted habitat associated to close distance to forest, watercourses and meadows and a critical distance to villages, single houses and roads. To predict area suitable for home ranges we superimposed rules derived from home range attributes at a higher level of selection. Predictions from the combination of the fine-scale habitat model and home range rules matched well with more than 2000 wildcat observations of south-western Germany. We discuss the application of the model in wildcat conservation for finding potential reintroduction sites, identifying small isolated populations and aiding in the evaluation of the needs of mitigation and compensation within the scope of the European Habitats Directive.

The biodiversity of East to Southeast (E–SE) Asian waters is rapidly declining because of anthropogenic effects ranging from local environmental pressures to global warming. To improve marine biodiversity, the Aichi Biodiversity Targets were adopted in 2010. The recommendation of the Subsidiary Body on Scientific, Technical and Technological Advice (SBSTTA), encourages application of the ecologically or biologically significant area (EBSA) process to identify areas for conservation. However, there are few examples of the use of EBSA criteria to evaluate entire oceans. In this article, seven criteria are numerically evaluated to identify important marine areas (EBSA candidates) in the E–SE Asia region. The discussion includes 1) the possibility of EBSA criteria quantification throughout the E–SE Asia oceans and the suitability of the indices selected; 2) optimal integration methods for criteria, and the relationships between the criteria and data robustness and completeness; and; 3) a comparison of the EBSA candidates identified and existing registered areas for the purpose of conservation, such as marine protected areas (MPAs). Most of the EBSA criteria could be quantitatively evaluated throughout the Asia-Pacific region. However, three criteria in particular showed a substantial lack of data. Our methodological comparison showed that complementarity analysis performed better than summation because it considered criteria that were evaluated only in limited areas. Most of the difference between present-day registered areas and our results for EBSAs resulted from a lack of data and differences in philosophy for the selection of indices.

Within the context of neoliberal conservation and ecotourism development, the Honduran state has prioritized the desires of foreign tourists and private investors over the needs of indigenous and black coastal inhabitants, and increasingly this is leading to state-sanctioned violence against marginalized groups. I use Peluso’s analytic of coercive conservation (1993) to show how conservation practice furthers the expansionist policies of the state and elite investors while simultaneously dehumanizing the indigenous peoples that depend on natural resources for their livelihoods. While Garífuna culture is central to Honduras’s ecotourism ambitions, their livelihoods, in the eyes of many developers and conservation NGOs, are a potential threat to the viability of the emerging tourism imaginary. Black and indigenous coastal inhabitants are valued for the cultural cache they add to regional tourism plans, yet denigrated for their inherent “backwardness” and presumed inability to respect the delicate ecosystems they inhabit. This imaginary authorizes material practices of racialized dispossession, which were set in motion by neoliberal conservation regimes designed to exploit the natural and cultural resources upon which tourism development is premised.

Pollen analyses supported by fifteen AMS 14C dates from Fuente de la Leche (1382 m) and Fuente del Pino Blanco (1343 m) peat sequences, in the Gredos range (central Spain), are used to reconstruct the late Holocene vegetation history in this mountain region. These results are compared with other sequences from the Spanish Central System in order to better understand the past dynamics of the main forest constituents and to provide a critical view of the dialectic between conifers and deciduous forests. The vegetation record at Fuente de la Leche starts at 3000 cal yr BP, with the occurrence of rather closed forests composed of Pinus sylvestris and Betula. Pinus sylvestris was the dominant pollen taxa for almost the entire period. However, during the last 850 years, Pinus sylvestris forests were progressively replaced by Quercus pyrenaica woodlands and grasslands, as a result of a high pastoral pressure, until forming mixed woodlands ∼400 years ago. The interpretation of Fuente del Pino Blanco record is that dramatic changes started about 265 years ago. Prior to this date, an open canopy woodland included species (Alnus glutinosa, Quercus pyrenaica) whose distributions no longer exist in the studied area. We suggest that the increase in agricultural (rye and other cereals) and livestock activities forced a change in the role of fire in the supramediterranean belt of the Gredos range, thus Pyrenean oak canopy was consumed by fires, providing openings for Pinus pinaster and broom communities better adapted to fire.

One of the most urgent priorities in the conservation and management of biodiversity in Europe is the assessment of landscape conservation conditions, as well as the analysis of landscape changes. Europe is characterised by the heterogeneous nature of its cultural landscapes. We approached the monitoring and management of habitats and landscapes in the European Atlantic Biogeographical Region at landscape level, using a new methodology which integrates geographical information systems (GIS), remote sensing, environmental variables and landscape ecology. The analysis focuses on the biosphere reserve known as Terras do Miño (NW Iberian Peninsula) using two main criteria: a classification scheme based on the pan-European system EUNIS (European Nature Information System) and ecologically meaningful units of analysis, and the assessment of landscape change based on landscape indicators and conservation criteria. Spatial indices, contagion, fractal dimension and dominance, reveal a fragmentation process, occurring at sub-regional level. This process has mainly affected forests and scrublands in the area under study. Our results show the traditional landscape is declining and there is a drop in the habitats of greatest environmental interest. The methodological approach proposed in this paper will facilitate comparative analyses with those changes that may occur in other natural regions within Europe.

This article focuses on the approach of combining the information from both remote sensing and forest inventory statistics in order to produce a European forest proportion map covering the area from Portugal to the Ural mountains. For this purpose, a calibration method was developed, tested and applied to the pan-European area. The resulting forest map was analysed on a pixel-by-pixel basis and given to inventory and remote sensing experts for consultation. When comparing both the result of the calibrated forest map with that of the original AVHRR mosaic of the area it was found that the satellite-derived estimates of forest area closely matched the ground inventory statistics indicating the high accuracy obtained from the AVHRR mosaic alone. Most visible discrepancies were found in northern Europe where the inventory data showed less forest than the image data. In southern Europe, the inventory data displayed more forest than the AVHRR image. This project was carried out for the European Commission, Joint Research Centre in 1999/2000 (contract no. 17223-2000-12 F1SC ISP FI) mainly by the European Forest Institute and VTT Information Technology.

The Native Vegetation Protection Law of Brazil, which replaced the Forest Code from 1965, is still undergoing regulation at federal and state levels, and the constitutionality of some clauses are still in question. In order to support legal rulings, decisions by public officers, and to inform other stakeholders, we present a balanced assessment of the positive and negative consequences of Native Vegetation Protection Law in light of current scientific knowledge. Key advances were noted in the systems of controls and incentives, which promoted new mechanisms and policies to support the implementation of this law. The main environmental setbacks were (i) the removal of protection of certain environmentally fragile areas, (ii) the concession of amnesty of fines incurred for violating the preceding legislation, (iii) allowing continuous farming or maintenance of infrastructure in areas protected by law, without full recovery of native vegetation. The weakening of Native Vegetation Protection Law may hamper soil and watershed protection, biodiversity conservation, and even agricultural productivity, without manifest benefits for the country. On that account, we recommend that: (i) judiciary rulings and state and county regulations to correct pending issues with the Native Vegetation Protection Law based on scientific knowledge and with wider citizen participation; (ii) the strengthening of agencies for rural technical assistance; (iii) the development of incentives to develop the supply chain for native vegetation recovery; (iv) the regulation of compensation for Legal Reserves based on clear and robust environmental criteria; and (v) the assessment of legal compliance has also to be based on the environmental quality of recovered areas.

Filling gaps in species distributions is instrumental to increase our understanding of natural environments and underpin efficient conservation policies. For many hyperdiverse groups, this knowledge is hampered by insufficient taxonomic information. Herein we provide 415 new distribution records for the parasitic wasp subfamily Cryptinae (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) in the Neotropical region, based on examination of material from 20 biological collections worldwide. Records span across 227 sites in 24 countries and territories, and represent 175 species from 53 genera. Of these, 102 represent new country records for 74 species. A distinct “road pattern” was detected in the records, at least within Brazil, where 50.2% of the records fall within 10 km of federal roads, an area that occupies only 11.9% of the surface of the country. The results help to identify priority areas that remain poorly sampled and should be targeted for future collecting efforts, and highlight the importance of biological collections in yielding new information about species distributions that is orders of magnitude above what is provided in most individual studies.

Tropical forests provide critical ecosystem services worldwide. Nonetheless, ongoing agricultural expansion, timber extraction, and mining continue to jeopardize important forest resources. In addition, many tropical forests reside in countries that have experienced violent conflict in recent decades, posing an additional, yet poorly understood threat. Conflict may decrease or increase deforestation depending on the relationship between conflict and other causes of land use change, such as mining expansion or protected area establishment. The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), home of the second largest tropical forest in the world, has experienced 20 years of violent conflict, resulting in the death of over 100,000 combatants and up to 5 million civilians. Expanding mining concessions also threaten the DRC's forest, even though nearly 12% of it is under some form of protection. In this study, we used spatially-explicit data on conflict, mining, and protected areas, along with a host of control variables, to estimate the impacts of these factors on forest cover loss from 1990 to 2010. Through a panel instrumental variables approach we found that: i) conflict increased forest cover loss, ii) mining concessions increased forest cover loss, but in times of conflict this impact was lessened, and iii) protected areas reduced forest cover loss, even in high conflict regions. Our results thus suggest that policy interventions designed to reduce violent conflict may have the co-benefit of reducing deforestation, especially in areas with low mining potential. Likewise, protected areas can be effective even in times of war.

Fungal conservation emerged in the 1980s when mycologists gained considerable insight into fluctuations and trends in fungal populations throughout Europe and the United States of America.Concerns arose over the possible decline of many macrofungi and likely consequences for ecosystem function and global change. Increased harvesting of edible species for international markets also sparked concerns about overharvesting and associated habitat disturbance, particularly in the U.S.A.This paper identifies two social networks that have coalesced around these concerns. They are: (1) professional, and (2) non-professional. Professional mycologists are active in societies, international forums, and governments. A wide range of non-professionals engage with fungi for recreational, scientific, economic and subsistence purposes. The paper identifies areas of collaboration and disconnection among these social networks and their composites, and suggests benefits from further integration that will strengthen this nascent field.

Wetlands are important ecosystems around the world, although they are degraded due both to anthropogenic and natural process. Newfoundland is among the richest Canadian province in terms of different wetland classes. Herbaceous wetlands cover extensive areas of the Avalon Peninsula, which are the habitat of a number of animal and plant species. In this study, a novel hierarchical object-based Random Forest (RF) classification approach is proposed for discriminating between different wetland classes in a sub-region located in the north eastern portion of the Avalon Peninsula. Particularly, multi-polarization and multi-frequency SAR data, including X-band TerraSAR-X single polarized (HH), L-band ALOS-2 dual polarized (HH/HV), and C-band RADARSAT-2 fully polarized images, were applied in different classification levels. First, a SAR backscatter analysis of different land cover types was performed by training data and used in Level-I classification to separate water from non-water classes. This was followed by Level-II classification, wherein the water class was further divided into shallow- and deep-water classes, and the non-water class was partitioned into herbaceous and non-herbaceous classes. In Level-III classification, the herbaceous class was further divided into bog, fen, and marsh classes, while the non-herbaceous class was subsequently partitioned into urban, upland, and swamp classes. In Level-II and -III classifications, different polarimetric decomposition approaches, including Cloude-Pottier, Freeman-Durden, Yamaguchi decompositions, and Kennaugh matrix elements were extracted to aid the RF classifier. The overall accuracy and kappa coefficient were determined in each classification level for evaluating the classification results. The importance of input features was also determined using the variable importance obtained by RF. It was found that the Kennaugh matrix elements, Yamaguchi, and Freeman-Durden decompositions were the most important parameters for wetland classification in this study. Using this new hierarchical RF classification approach, an overall accuracy of up to 94% was obtained for classifying different land cover types in the study area.

Although Brazil has defined mangroves as permanent preservation areas and banned the exploration of any mangrove resources, wood is still explored by underprivileged coastal populations. Restrictions regulating the use of mangrove wood are at odds with the social reality of many traditional or neo-traditional coastal populations that depend on this resource. The current social conflicts raised or intensified by a restrictive federal legislation clearly point to the need of less controversial management strategies. Knowledge of the present and past usage of mangrove resources is a necessary basis for the development of more viable and reasonable conservation strategies. In this study, we defined the current and past uses of mangrove wood in coastal villages of the subtropical Bay of Paranaguá, in Southern Brazil. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with longtime residents or community leaders. The main past uses were woodcutting for firewood and tannin extraction, sold or used for subsistence. Current uses are mostly related to fishing activities and have been restricted to personal consumption. The use of wood has declined in the last decades due to law restrictions, the increasing availability of new energy sources and new materials for fishing such as nylon nets. We suggest that natural forest turnover, combined with appropriate management actions, could allow for sustainable wood extraction in places where populations are small and mangroves are extensive, as in this subtropical estuarine system. Even though the current need for wood resources is not significant, the use of wood may help local residents in their daily needs and improve their quality of life.

Conservation of biodiversity requires information at many spatial scales in order to detect and preserve habitat for many species, often simultaneously. Vegetation structure information is particularly important for avian habitat models and has largely been unavailable for large areas at the desired resolution. Airborne LiDAR, with its combination of relatively broad coverage and fine resolution provides existing new opportunities to map vegetation structure and hence avian habitat. Our goal was to model the richness of forest songbirds using forest structure information obtained from LiDAR data. In deciduous forests of southern Wisconsin, USA, we used discrete-return airborne LiDAR to derive forest structure metrics related to the height and density of vegetation returns, as well as composite variables that captured major forest structural elements. We conducted point counts to determine total forest songbird richness and the richness of foraging, nesting, and forest edge-related habitat guilds. A suite of 35 LiDAR variables were used to model bird species richness using best-subsets regression and we used hierarchical partitioning analysis to quantify the explanatory power of each variable in the multivariate models. Songbird species richness was correlated most strongly with LiDAR variables related to canopy and midstory height and midstory density (R2 = 0.204, p < 0.001). Richness of species that nest in the midstory was best explained by canopy height variables (R2 = 0.197, p < 0.001). Species that forage on the ground responded to mean canopy height and the height of the lower canopy (R2 = 0.149, p < 0.005) while aerial foragers had higher richness where the canopy was tall and dense and the midstory more sparse (R2 = 0.216, p < 0.001). Richness of edge-preferring species was greater where there were fewer vegetation returns but higher density in the understory (R2 = 0.153, p < 0.005). Forest interior specialists responded positively to a tall canopy, developed midstory, and a higher proportion of vegetation returns (R2 = 0.195, p < 0.001). LiDAR forest structure metrics explained between 15 and 20% of the variability in richness within deciduous forest songbird communities. This variability was associated with vertical structure alone and shows how LiDAR can provide a source of complementary predictive data that can be incorporated in models of wildlife habitat associations across broad geographical extents.

Numerous studies have explored the influence of forest management on avian communities empirically, but uncertainty about causal relationships between landscape patterns and temporal dynamics of bird communities calls into question how observed historical patterns can be projected into the future, particularly to assess consequences of differing management alternatives. We used the Habplan harvest scheduler to project forest conditions under several management scenarios mapped at 5-year time steps over a 40-year time span. We used empirical models of overall avian richness, richness of selected guilds, and probability of presence for selected species to predict avian community characteristics for each of the mapped landscapes generated for each 5-year time step for each management scenario. We then used time series analyses to quantify relationships between changes in avian community characteristics and management-induced changes to forest landscapes over time. Our models of avian community and species characteristics indicated habitat associations at multiple spatial scales, although landscape-level measures of habitat were generally more important than stand-level measures. Our projections showed overall avian richness, richness of Neotropical migrants, and the presence of Blue-gray Gnatcatchers and Eastern Wood-pewees varied little among management scenarios, corresponding closely to broad, overall landscape changes over time. By contrast, richness of canopy nesters, richness of cavity nesters, richness of scrub-successional associates, and the presence of Common Yellowthroats showed high temporal variability among management scenarios, likely corresponding to short-term, fine-scale changes in the landscape. Predicted temporal variability of both interior-forest and early successional birds was low in the unharvested landscape relative to that in the harvested landscape. Our results also suggested that early successional species can be sensitive to both availability and connectivity of habitat on the landscape. To increase or maintain the avian diversity, our projections indicate that forest managers need to consider landscape-scale configuration of stands, maintaining a spatially heterogeneous distribution of age classes. Our findings suggest which measures of richness or species presence may be appropriate indicators for monitoring effects of forest management on avian communities, depending on management objectives.

The status of elephants Loxodonta africana in the central African forests in 1989 is reviewed. These elephants accounted for about one-third of the continental total. However, there are few data on numbers, for only one of the six countries in the region has been censused. The estimates for the other countries came from a limited set of dung-counts or a model based on those dung-counts.Poaching for ivory was widespread in four of the six countries, but the lack of census data makes it difficult to assess its impact. The distribution of elephants was determined by the intensity of poaching, the distribution of roads and settlements, and the distribution of secondary forest. Ivory exports from central Africa accounted for about one-third of the continental total in 1979–1988, but this included an unknown proportion of ivory from savanna elephants. While poaching is the most urgent short-term threat, the problems posed by expanding human activities in the forest zone need to be addressed by national elephant conservation plans. The main constraints on elephant management are the general lack of information on basic forest elephant biology, the weakness of government wildlife departments, corruption, the vast areas to be covered, the difficulty of access to remote forests, and the impossibility of surveillance from the air.

The importance of environmental heterogeneity for biodiversity across scales is widely recognized in ecological theory and profusely supported by evidence. However, our understanding of the effects of spatiotemporal patterns of landscape functional properties on biodiversity is still rather limited. We examined the relationship between common passerine species richness and ecosystem functioning dynamics, namely seasonality, measured by satellite remote sensing. We focused on rural landscapes of a mountain National Park in Portugal undergoing rapid reshaping from agro-pastoral mosaics to early successional landscapes. We applied multi-model inference to compare the hypothesis of landscape seasonality as a driver of species richness with three competing hypotheses representing structural habitat heterogeneity, disturbance, and availability of food resources. We found support for landscape seasonality and its spatial heterogeneity in explaining passerine richness in mountain rural landscapes. Conversely, no significant support of the remaining hypotheses was found. These results highlight the role of ecosystem functioning variability in space and time. They also stress the importance of considering species-energy relationships for conservation at the landscape level. Specifically, they provide support and guidance to the identification of meaningful functional attributes of the landscape that shape its biodiversity. Our results further demonstrate the utility of remote sensing approaches and products to measure those attributes and follow their trends through time. Spatially-explicit measures of energy variability, such as the functional amplitude between winter and summer retrieved from earth observations, can link global socio-environmental change to species’ responses and support the inclusion of landscape seasonality on conservation and monitoring frameworks.

Cocoa is produced in a wide range of land use systems, with the traditional shaded systems in Bahia (Brazil) as the most forest-like and biodiverse. The aim of this study was to evaluate the role of different cocoa agroforestry systems (AFSs) in maintaining community structure and interactions between ants and epiphytic bromeliads. The study was conducted at four sites in the cocoa producing region of the southeastern of the state of Bahia, Brazil, and comprised a native forest and three different cocoa AFSs. We found a total of 103 ant species associated with epiphytic bromeliads, with 83% of the species occurring in native forest canopy bromeliads also occurring in cocoa AFSs. The Cocoa Cabruca System (CAB) and the Rustic-Planted Shade System (RPS) had ant community structural components of biodiversity similar to those found in the native forest environment. The alpha and gamma diversity of ants found in Monospecific-Shaded Cocoa Agroforestry System (MCA) associated with Erythrina spp. shade trees were significantly different from the diversity found in the other AFSs and native forest. The presence of epiphytic bromeliads, regardless of the system and scale, maintained ant diversity in agroforestry system canopies similar to that of native forest. Using metrics derived from graph theory, we found a high level of specialization regarding ant–bromeliad interactions in native forest, with a gradual decrease in specialization with environmental homogenization. Agroforestry systems thus represent an important strategy for maintaining the structure of canopy-associated ant communities by enabling the establishment of numerous bromeliad species, thus contributing to the maintenance of ant diversity and services in a mosaic landscape AFSs and native forest.

In the European Union (EU) efforts to conserve biodiversity have been consistently directed towards the protection of habitats and species through the designation of protected areas under the Habitats Directive (92/43/ECC). These biodiversity conservation efforts also have the potential to maintain or improve the supply of ecosystem services; however, this potential has been poorly explored across Europe. This paper reports on a spatial assessment of the relationships between biodiversity, ecosystem services, and conservation status of protected habitats at European scale. We mapped at 10 km resolution ten spatial proxies for ecosystem service supply (four provisioning services, five regulating services and one cultural service) and three proxies for biodiversity (Mean Species Abundance, tree species diversity and the relative area of Natura 2000 sites). Indicators for biodiversity and aggregated ecosystem service supply were positively related but this relationship was influenced by the spatial trade-offs among ecosystem services, in particular between crop production and regulating ecosystem services. Using multinomial logistic regression models we demonstrated that habitats in a favourable conservation status provided more biodiversity and had a higher potential to supply, in particular, regulating and cultural ecosystem services than habitats in an unfavourable conservation status. This information is of utmost importance in identifying regions in which measures are likely to result in cost-effective progress towards both new biodiversity conservation and ecosystem services targets adopted by the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) and the EU Biodiversity Strategy to 2020.

Road construction demonstrably accelerates deforestation rates in tropical forests, but its consequences for forest degradation remain less clear. We estimated a series of forest value metrics including components of biodiversity, carbon stocks, and timber and non-timber forest product resources, along the recently paved Inter-Oceanic Highway (IOH) integrating Brazil and Peru along the Bolivian border. We installed 69 vegetation plots in intact terra firme forests representative of local community holdings near and far from the IOH, and we characterized 15 components of forest value for each plot.We observed strong geographic gradients in forest value components across the region, with increases from west to east in aboveground biomass and in the abundance of timber and non-timber forest product trees and regeneration. Plots in communities in Pando, Bolivia, where the IOH remains in part unpaved, had the highest aboveground biomass, standing timber volumes and Brazil nut tree density. In contrast, communities in Madre de Dios, Peru, where settlements and unpaved portions of the IOH have existed for decades, and in Acre, Brazil, where paving of the IOH has been underway for more than a decade, were more degraded. Seven of the fifteen forest value components we measured increased with increasing distance from the IOH, although the magnitude of these effects was weak. Landscape scale remote sensing analyses showed much stronger effects of road proximity on deforestation. We suggest that remote sensing techniques including canopy spectral signatures might be calibrated to characterize multiple components of forest value, so that we can estimate landscape scale impacts of infrastructure developments on both deforestation and forest degradation in tropical regions.

The Alboran Sea is the westernmost ecoregion of the Mediterranean Sea. It is located in the vicinity of Strait of Gibraltar, the only natural connection of the Mediterranean Sea with global circulation. This ecoregion presents steep and highly variable environmental gradients, thus acting as a natural filter for Mediterranean and Atlantic species. This study aimed to analyse spatial patterns of littoral and upper sublittoral communities and their relationship with oceanographic conditions and coastal geomorphology, and to quantify littoral and upper sublittoral rocky shore communities at landscape scale. The results suggest that oceanographic conditions are the main factor to explain landscape patterns along the studied area, while geomorphological features should be related with local-scale variability. In this sense, three biogeographic subregions, matching with oceanographic patterns, were identified: western, central and eastern. These subregions showed significant differences in the structure and the composition of the littoral and upper sublittoral community, which can be explained by regional oceanographic dynamics. Posidonia oceanica, Cystoseira ericaefolia group and Mytilus spp. were the species that most contributed to landscape dissimilarity between the three subregions identified. The central oceanographic region, where the environmental conditions were more variable, showed the poorer and less differentiated flora, suggesting the existence of a divergent boundary between the Atlantic and the Mediterranean Sea.

Toll-like receptor 8 (TLR 8) belongs to a subgroup of the TLR family that recognizes nucleic acids and that is involved in the protection against viruses. In mammals, TLR7 and 8 have been characterized as receptors for viral and synthetic single-stranded RNA. Here we describe the cloning of a TLR8 homolog in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and its proximal adaptor protein MyD88. The mRNA expression of SsTLR8 was tissue-restricted and its highest level was detected in the spleen while SsMyD88 was expressed in all of the tested organs. SsTLR8 and SsMyD88 mRNAs were up-regulated in TO cells treated with recombinant IFN α1 and IFN γ. In vivo, the expression of SsTLR8 was not significantly affected following challenge with salmon alphavirus subtype 3 (SAV3). By contrast, infection with SAV3 up-regulated SsMyD88 transcripts on day 7 post-challenge and the expression remained elevated at day 28. The SsMyD88 expression in vivo paralleled type I IFN expression. In vitro stimulation of salmon head kidney leukocytes with CpG ODNs and IFN γ also up-regulated SsMyD88 mRNA. Furthermore, ectopic expression of SsMyD88 in HEK cells was able to activate a NF-κB reporter construct indicating that the cloned salmon molecule was a functional MyD88 homologue.

Forest structural features at the stand scale (e.g., snags, stem density, species composition) and habitat attributes at larger spatial scales (e.g., landscape pattern, road density) can influence biological diversity and have been proposed as indicators in sustainable forestry programs. This study investigated relationships between such factors and total richness of breeding birds based on data from four studies within highly forested landscapes in the southeastern United States (Arkansas, South Carolina, and West Virginia) that were managed for commercial forest products. Habitat attributes were developed from forest inventory data and other information at the stand level and in circular buffers with radii of 250, 500 m, and 1 km around each sample point. Species accumulation curves for all study sites indicated greater richness in the youngest stands, with greater landscape age heterogeneity, and with proximity of sample points to roads. However, bird richness was not related to distance to nearest water or stream density at any scale. Pine forests had the most species at two of three sites where pine forests occurred. Stand biomass and basal area were generally not predictive of avian richness. Watersheds within the Arkansas site under more intensive management showed greater bird diversity. Overall, forest management appeared to have a positive effect on total bird richness.

Indicators for sustainable forest management are considered to be key tools for the implementation of regional, national and international forest policies. The Montreal process identified the “maintenance of forest contribution to global carbon cycles” as an essential component in sustainable management of forest ecosystems. Carbon sink evaluations provide reference information to policy-makers, stakeholders, resource managers and concerned citizens about the sustainable use of our forests for present and future generations. Two forest areas in northern and central Spain (‘Páramos y Valles’ and Central Mountain Range) were chosen as pilot areas to test the use of the National Forest Inventory to calculate carbon biomass forest sink at operational level.Data from the Second and Third National Forest Inventory (2NFI and 3NFI, respectively), together with biomass equations were used. Total carbon biomass sink was calculated as a balance between carbon dioxide inputs and outputs in forest biomass. Tree growth between 2NFI and 3NFI, new plots and ingrowth (recruitment and upgrowth) biomass were considered as inputs, while forest harvesting and natural mortality were considered as outputs. In ‘Páramos y Valles’, 2.46 Mg CO2 ha−1 year−1 was fixed in the tree biomass of forest ecosystems from 2NFI to 3NFI, whereas in the Central Mountain Range the fixation was 0.72 Mg CO2 ha−1 year−1 in the period between inventories. The balance of CO2 in the two areas was positive in 3NFI, with more than four million Mg of CO2 accumulated in ‘Páramos y Valles’ and more than 72 million Mg of CO2 fixed in the Central Mountain Range. Forest ecosystems are carbon sinks in the tree biomass in the two areas considered.

Conservation-with-development (CWD) models currently influential in public policies in Brazil are inappropriate for environmental problems in its agro-pastoral regions. Community mobilization, biodiversity, environmental services, and top-down conservation are severely limited as environmental policy initiatives. Using the case of western São Paulo, I illustrate these limitations and outline a more appropriate definition of environmental problems, use of spatial scale, and forms of resource governance. The case study and critique illustrate the need to define appropriate biophysical and land-use regions for public policies and to support initiatives within drainage-basin planning institutions.

Identifying and making use of ecological indicators becomes an essential task in the conservation of tropical systems, mainly in fragmented landscapes where land use intensification and habitat loss are confounding factors in the detection of species’ responses to human-caused disturbance. We aimed to analyze the importance of anthropogenic land use and fragmentation-related effects on dung beetle (Coleoptera: Scarabaeinae) persistence according to the interior–exterior non-linear gradient (forest + matrix) in a fragmented Atlantic Forest landscape used to sugar cane production and cattle ranching/farming. We offer scores for a comprehensive set of community-level attributes, from beetle abundance to taxonomic and ecological composition (i.e. species body size), including a list of indicator species of different forest habitats and adjacent matrix. Dung beetles were surveyed by traps across forest interiors (i.e. core forest areas) and edges of a primary forest, small fragments, sugar cane fields and pastures in a total of 60 sites. Indicator analyses were conducted across the landscape, using two well-established methods (IndVal and SIMPER). Our results suggest that (1) cross-habitat taxonomic distinctness is associated with the presence of indicator species, (2) some species benefit or are dependent of open habitats created by human-disturbances, such as forest edges (e.g. Canthon nigripennis) and matrices (e.g. Canthon aff. piluliformis, Dichotomius nisus and Trichilum externepunctatum), (3) although landscape habitats exhibit reduced beta diversity, dung beetle assemblages are spatially organized in response to the presence of both forest habitats and matrix and fragment area, (4) forest interior supports beetle assemblages biased toward large-bodied species, (5) accordingly forest interior, forest edges and matrix support taxonomically distinct assemblages, both contributing to the bulk of species richness at landscape level, (6) the response of dung beetles to the interior–exterior non-linear gradient (i.e. forest edge + matrix) reveals a similar pattern regardless of the nature of the matrix, and (7) there is no within-habitat variation in beetle abundance and species richness associated with distance from forest edge. Given that there is a high number of forest-dependent or forest-interior specialist species (e.g. Aphengium aff. sordidum, Ateuchus aff. alipioi, Dichotomius mormon, Ontherus aff. erosus and Onthophagus aff. clypeatus) dung beetle persistence in human-modified landscape is highly dependent on the presence of core areas, although edge-affected and matrix habitats may be complementary. This information is essential to permit a better prospect for dung beetle persistence in human-modified landscapes as they continue to move toward edge-dominated landscapes with intensively managed matrices.

In spite of recent advances, the relative roles of deterministic and stochastic processes in community assembly remains disputed. We tested community assembly hypotheses in a disturbance gradient in a logged mixed conifer-hardwood forest complex in southern Brazil. If abiotic heterogeneity was strong enough (Selection hypothesis), we expected niche clustering and reduced niche overlap between species and between ecological groups, phylogenetic clustering, significant β-diversity departure from a random expectation after controlling for α-diversity variation, and non-random trait distribution due to abiotic filtering and limiting similarity. Null expectations were predicted under the Neutral hypothesis. Under the Quasi-Neutral hypothesis, we expected niche clustering and reduced niche overlap as in the Selection hypothesis, but random phylogenetic distribution, random β-diversity variation, and random trait distribution due to niche-based specialization but weak habitat matching resulting from dispersal limitation and drift. We used a series of null models to provide an integrative evaluation of community assembly including species abundances, environmental preferences, phylogenetic relatedness, and trait distribution. Results supported the Quasi-Neutral hypothesis due to a combination of reduced niche overlap, niche clustering along soil and disturbance gradients, evidence for abiotic filtering of functional traits but absent phylogenetic structure and random β-diversity variation. Support to the Quasi-Neutral hypothesis provides evidence for niche-based species selection along environmental gradients, coupled with poor matches between species distributions and environmental factors due to stochastic processes. It also highlights the importance of an integrative approach to the evaluation of community patterns indicative of assembly processes. Had only a subset of the approaches used been employed and different conclusions would have been reached: niche overlap and trait distribution analyses would have indicated a stronger role for selection, while phylogenetic and abundance analyses would have indicated stochastic community assembly. Future research should include different disturbance regimes along with environmental variation in order to assess the interplay of the different drivers that shape the community assembly process, as well as the potential of the Quasi-Neutral hypothesis as an explanation for the assembly process of complex and species-rich subtropical forests.

Ecological integrity is important to fully describe the development of an economy. We calculated an aggregate index that quantifies the closeness of a forested region to a natural state. This naturalness index was based on the diversity of native tree species and sizes for ecological subregions in a seral condition. The index used the spatial–temporal array of sample plots from the Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) database of the USDA Forest Service. In the 70 survey units of the southern US between 1961 and 2005 the naturalness of forests generally improved with per capita personal income and population. The increase with income was consistent with the hypothesis of an environmental Kuznets curve for forested landscapes.

The Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) has produced the most accurate nearly global elevation dataset to date. Over vegetated areas, the measured SRTM elevations are the result of a complex interaction between radar waves and tree crowns. In this study, waveforms acquired by the Geoscience Laser Altimeter System (GLAS) were combined with SRTM elevations to discriminate the five forest landscape types (LTs) in French Guiana. Two differences were calculated: (1) penetration depth, defined as the GLAS highest elevations minus the SRTM elevations and (2) the GLAS centroid elevations minus the SRTM elevations. The results show that these differences were similar for the five LTs, and they increased as a function of the GLAS canopy height and of the SRTM roughness index. Next, a Random Forest (RF) classifier was used to analyze the coupling potential of GLAS and SRTM in the discrimination of forest landscape types in French Guiana. The parameters used in the RF classification were the GLAS canopy height, the SRTM roughness index, the difference between the GLAS highest elevations and the SRTM elevations and the difference between the GLAS centroid elevations and the SRTM elevations. Discrimination of the five forest landscape types in French Guiana was possible, with an overall classification accuracy of 81.3% and a kappa coefficient of 0.75. All forest LTs were well classified with an accuracy varying from 78.4% to 97.5%.Finally, differences of near coincident GLAS waveforms, one from the wet season and one from the dry season, were analyzed. The results showed that the open forest LT (LT12), in some locations, contains trees that lose leaves during the dry season. These trees allow LT12 to be easily discriminated from the other LTs that retain their leaves using the following three criteria: (1) difference between the GLAS centroid elevations and the SRTM elevations, (2) ratio of top energy in the wet season to top energy in the dry season, or (3) ratio of ground energy in the wet season to ground energy in the dry season.

Bulk/wet and throughfall fluxes of major compounds were measured from June 2011 to June 2013 at four Mediterranean holm-oak (Quercus ilex) forests in the Iberian Peninsula. Regression analysis between net throughfall fluxes and precipitation indicated that the best defined canopy process was leaching for K+ and uptake for NH4+ at all sites. A more variable response between sites was found for Na+, Ca2+, SO42- and Cl−, which suggests that the interplay of dry deposition, leaching and uptake at the canopy was different depending on site climate and air quality characteristics.A canopy budget model (CBM) was used to try to discriminate between the canopy processes and enable to estimate dry deposition and uptake fluxes at three of the sites that complied with the model specifications. To derive N uptake, an efficiency factor of NH4+ vs. NO3− uptake (xNH4) corresponding to moles of NH4+ taken up for each NO3− mol, has to be determined. Up to now, a value of 6 has been proposed for temperate forests, but we lack information for Mediterranean forests. Experimental determination of N absorption on Quercus ilex seedlings in Spain suggests efficiency factors from 1 to 6. Based on these values, a sensitivity analysis for xNH4 was performed and the NH4N and NO3N modeled dry deposition was compared with dry deposition estimated with independent methods (inferential modeling and washing of branches). At two sites in NE Spain under a milder Mediterranean climate, the best match was obtained for xNH4 = 6, corroborating results from European temperate forests. Based on this value, total DIN deposition was 12–13 kg N ha−1 y−1 at these sites. However, for a site in central Spain under drier conditions, variation of the NH4+ efficiency factor had little effect on DD estimates (which ranged from 2 to 2.6 kg N ha−1 y−1 with varying xNH4); when added to wet deposition, this produced a total N deposition in the range 2.6–3.4 kg N ha−1 y−1. Dry deposition was the predominant pathway for N, accounting for 60–80% of total deposition, while for base cations wet deposition dominated (55–65%). Nitrogen deposition values at the northwestern sites were close to the empirical critical load proposed for evergreen sclerophyllous Mediterranean forests (15–17 kg N ha−1 y−1). When organic N deposition at these forests is added (3 kg N ha−1 y−1), the total N input to the sites in NE Spain are close to the critical loads for Mediterranean evergreen oak forests.

Neotropical rainforests exhibit high levels of endemism and diversity. Although the evolutionary genetics of plant diversification has garnered increased interest, phylogeographic studies of widely distributed species remain scarce. Here we describe chloroplast and nuclear variation patterns in Schizolobium parahyba (Fabaceae), a widespread tree in Neotropical rainforests that harbor two varieties with a disjunct distribution. Chloroplast and nuclear sequence analyses yielded 21 and 4 haplotypes, respectively. Two genetic diversity centers that correlate with the two known varieties were identified: the Southeastern Atlantic forest and the Amazonian basin. In contrast, the populations from southern and northeastern Atlantic forests and Andean-Central American forests exhibited low levels of genetic diversity and divergent haplotypes, likely related to historical processes that impact the flora and fauna in these regions, such as a founder’s effect after dispersion and demographic expansion. Phylogeographic and demographic patterns suggest that episodes of genetic isolation and dispersal events have shaped the evolutionary history for this species, and different patterns have guided the evolution of S. parahyba. Moreover, the results of this study suggest that the dry corridor formed by Cerrado and Caatinga ecoregions and the Andean uplift acted as barriers to this species’ gene flow, a picture that may be generalized to most of the plant biodiversity tropical woodlands and forests. These results also reinforce the importance of evaluating multiple genetic markers for a more comprehensive understanding of population structure and history. Our results provide insight into the conservation efforts and ongoing work on the genetics of population divergence and speciation in these Neotropical rainforests.

Extensive reforestation may be required to avert dramatic loss of biodiversity, system resilience and ecosystem services from Brazil's Atlantic Forest, and is legally required by Brazil's Forest Code. Restoration on farmland however threatens agricultural output and the livelihoods of small family farmers, leading to weak enforcement of the law and a national debate over the Code which resulted in revisions in 2012 that significantly reduced legally mandated restoration. To inform the design of effective environmental policies, we interviewed 60 typical dairy family farmers utilizing pasture-based agroecological grazing practices to assess their perceptions and knowledge of the pre-2012 Forest Code, its impacts and their willingness to comply. Multiple correspondence analysis (MCA) identified three distinct clusters: farmers who understood the forest code and its ecological impacts and were willing to comply; farmers who understood the ecological benefits of restoration, but were unwilling to comply; and those with little knowledge of benefits or interest in compliance. We evaluate three policy options for promoting restoration, paying particular attention to their impacts on farmer livelihoods and on their intrinsic willingness to restore and preserve forest cover. We conclude that payments for ecosystem services in the form of subsidies for agroecology practices are promising.

Conservation of medicinal plant resources is a critical ecologic, cultural and economic issue in Vietnam, as with other parts of South-east Asia, and the tropics and sub-tropics generally. The paper describes the development and application of a survey methodology, using standard phytosociological techniques, for the quantitative inventory of medicinal plants in BaVi National Park, northern Vietnam. One hundred and twenty-six permanently marked transects, each 50 × 10 m, were established over the ranges of altitudes and characteristic vegetation structural types present in the Park. Over 200 medicinal plant species used by Dao people were sampled (of a documented total of about 300 species including introduced species grown in home gardens), in vegetation types ranging from closed evergreen forest at high altitude (>1000 m), through secondary forest formations, bamboo thicket, open grassland and plantation, distributed generally along a declining altitude gradient. Forty-one of 44 economically important medicinal species were sampled also. Important medicinal plant species, half being vines, were concentrated particularly in more-or-less intact, late secondary closed forest habitats at higher elevations. The status of most important medicinal plant species was found to be rare or uncommon, and to exhibit scattered (as opposed to clumped) distributions. The paper discusses implications of the applied methodology and the assembled data for the inventory, conservation, and sustainable use of medicinal plants at local and broader regional scales.

Simultaneous biometric measurements of aboveground net primary production (ANPP) and eddy-covariance measurements of gross primary production (GPP) were made at 18 forest stands with 80 site-years of data across Canada – to assess the fraction of photosynthesis that is used to produce plant tissues and the consistency of carbon allocation patterns across forest ecosystems. The stands included boreal and temperate forests and spanned very young to mature stand ages. Across all sites, ANPP averaged 298 ± 138 g C m−2 yr−1 (mean ± 1 s.d.), with the highest values for temperate white pine plantations (307–630 g C m−2 yr−1) and harvested Douglas-fir stands (219–459 g C m−2 yr−1), and the lowest values for boreal harvested jack pine stands (97–185 g C m−2 yr−1). ANPP more than doubled from newly established (≤12 years) to young (13–25 years) stands, then stabilized in young to mature (≥51 years) stands but with diverging trends among species. Inter-site variations in ANPP and GPP were closely related to site characteristics, in particular, to leaf area index, which explained 66% of the variation in ANPP and 80% of the variation in GPP, and absorbed photosynthetically active radiation, which explained 80% of the variation in ANPP and 82% of the variation in GPP. Both ANPP and GPP were also positively correlated with mean annual air temperature, mean annual precipitation, and total soil nitrogen in the upper 10 cm of the mineral soil. ANPP was strongly, positively correlated with GPP and the ANPP/GPP ratio was relatively constant (0.29 ± 0.06), with no consistent differences among species or age classes. The results support the use of a constant ANPP/GPP ratio as a reasonable assumption in models of forest productivity for boreal and northern temperate forests. A similar conclusion is reached for the NPP/GPP ratio when published values of belowground NPP are considered.

Global distribution of aeolian dust is simulated from 1981 to 1996 with the Global Ozone Chemistry Aerosol Radiation and Transport (GOCART) model. The results are compared with in situ measurements and satellite data. An index is calculated from the model results and the satellite viewing angles to allow quantitative comparison with the Total ozone mapping spectrometer (TOMS) absorbing aerosol index. The annual budget over the different continents and oceans are analyzed. The simulated annual emission varies from a minimum of 1950 Tg in 1996 to a maximum of 2400 Tg in 1988. Of these emissions, 65% is from North Africa and 25% from Asia. It is found that North America received twice as much dust from other continents than it emits per year. There is no significant trend over the 16-year simulation. The inter-annual variability of dust distribution is analyzed over the North Atlantic and Africa. It is found that in winter a large fraction of the North Atlantic and Africa dust loading is correlated with the North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO) index. It is shown that a controlling factor of such correlation can be attributed to dust emission from the Sahel. The Bodele depression is the major dust source in winter and its inter-annual variability is highly correlated with the NAO. However, the long record of dust concentration measured at Barbados indicates that there is no correlation with the NAO index and surface concentration in winter. Longer simulation should provide the information needed to understand if the effects of the NAO on dust distribution is rather limited or Barbados is at the edge of the affected region.

It is increasingly argued that human-induced alterations to food webs have resulted in the degradation of coastal ecosystems and even their “collapse.” We examined the evidence for this argument for Macrocystis pyrifera (giant kelp) forests in southern California. Others have concluded that forests in this region collapsed between 1950 and 1970 as a result of sea urchin grazing driven by overfishing of sea urchin predators (sheephead wrasse and spiny lobsters) and competitors (abalone), and that the kelp forests recovered but are currently sustained as a result of a commercial sea urchin fishery that began in the early 1970s. Our examination of the historical record, primary publications, and previously unpublished data showed that there was no widespread decline in the region between 1950 and 1970, but there were localised declines in mainland kelp forests near the rapidly growing cities of Los Angeles and San Diego. The preponderance of evidence indicates that kelp losses were caused primarily by large increases in contaminated sewage discharged into coastal waters, sedimentation from coastal development, and the 1957–1959 El Niño. Increases in active sea urchin foraging were most likely a secondary effect following dwindling food resources. The forests recovered when sewage treatment improved and sewage outfalls were relocated. The effects of fisheries were explored by correlation analysis between kelp canopy cover and commercial sea urchin landings, and among fisheries landings for sea urchins, abalone, sheephead and lobster. These correlations were generally insignificant, but were often confounded by differences in the spatial scale over which the data were collected as well as factors other than simple abundance that affect the fisheries. However, where area-specific data were available, the landings of sea urchins generally tracked kelp abundance, most likely because roe (gonad) development is directly related to food availability. A literature review showed that although sheephead and lobsters may control sea urchin abundance at small spatial scales within some sites, there is little evidence they do so over large areas. That abalone and sea urchins compete, such that sea urchins increased as a result of abalone harvesting, is largely conjecture based on their similar habitat and food utilization. This study shows that kelp forests in southern California did not collapse, and that declines in some coastal sites were caused primarily by degradation of water quality, increased sedimentation and contamination, and unfavorable oceanographic conditions. We conclude that management by species' protection or reserves will not be effective if poor habitat quality impacts the ability of giant kelp to survive and thrive.

The poor growth of understory vegetation and the severe losses of soil and water in Pinus massoniana forests have recently become serious concerns in an area in southern China with eroded red soil. The influence of topography on the spatial distribution of vegetation, however, has received little attention. This study combined several multivariate analyses to discern the complicated relationship between understory vegetation and topography. Thirty-six plots (10 m×10 m) were sampled in a field survey of the vegetation and topography in the central red-soil region. The distributions of the understory vegetation differed significantly amongst the topographies. Most plants grew in gullies, and few grew on ridges. The low coverage (25.2%) and number of species (5 per plot) of the vegetation on ridges was due to serious soil erosion. Surface curvature and slope aspect were the first and second most important topographic factors, respectively, affecting the distribution of the vegetation. The relationship between topography and distribution could be described by a linear model. Surface curvature or slope aspect alone, however, could only explain 22.2–59.2% of the variance in distribution. The adaptation of vegetation to specific topographies should be considered for restorations of P. massoniana forests in the study area. The results of this study will be helpful for selecting potential sites for seeding and vegetation restoration to improve the ecology of the study area. Further studies will be needed to identify the mechanism of the distribution of the understory vegetation in these P. massoniana forests.

Epiphytic lichens are an important part of the vegetation of northern coniferous forests of Eurasia and North America. Much progress has been made during recent decades at disentangling relevant site factors, which control the diversity and distribution of epiphytic lichens in boreal and oroboreal forests. The present paper aims at summarizing the present state of knowledge. Relevant site factors include the microclimate, nutrient supply, structural diversity and, if applicable, air pollution. The continuity of site conditions decides over the presence of species with dispersal limitations. The effects of fire on epiphytic lichens are largely unstudied, although fire is an important ecological factor in boreal forests.

ility of the Amazon forest–climate equilibrium is being perturbed by a number of human drivers of change (e.g. deforestation, global warming, forest fires, higher CO2 concentrations, and increased frequency of droughts and floods). Quantitative assessments for the maintenance of the tropical forest indicate that ‘tipping points’ may exist for total deforested area (>40%) and for global warming (ΔT > 3–4°C). The likelihood of exceeding a tipping point can be greatly exacerbated by increases in forest fires and droughts, but quantification of those effects is still lacking. Forest resilience can be significantly increased if CO2 ‘fertilization’ effect is proven to be taking place for tropical forests, but it can be offset by continued increases in temperature, rainfall seasonality, and forest fires.

The connectivity of protected area networks depends on key elements located in strategic positions within the landscape, which uphold the ecological fluxes and sustain the diversity and longterm viability of native biota. Landscape planning requires objective and quantitative approaches to identify those key elements and reinforce the spatial coherence of protected area designs and related conservation schemes. With this objective, we apply for the first time recent methodological developments that, deriving from the probability of connectivity index, allow evaluating the role of both individual protected areas and links in the intermediate landscape matrix as providers of connectivity between the rest of the sites in the network. We focus on a case study covering the forest protected areas from the Cantabrian Range to the Western Alps (N Spain, S France and NW Italy), considering different dispersal distances and the impact of highways. We show how the proposed approach is useful to identify those protected areas and links that most contribute to uphold functional connectivity in this transnational network, as well as those road sectors where the defragmentation and barrier effect mitigation measures should be prioritized. We compare our results with other more qualitative and expert-based approaches that have been reported in the same area. The methodological approach could be easily adopted in a variety of other related landscape planning applications at different scales, with the required quantitative tools being available as free and open source software packages.

The importance of deadwood in forest ecosystems is undeniable, not only in terms of the biodiversity values it provides but also in terms of carbon sequestration and emission. Its importance is evidenced in the international reporting requirements, which include the need for countries to detail their deadwood stock as an important indicator of sustainable development. In recent years, deadwood stocks have been included within the variables reported in the Spanish National Forest Inventories (SNFI), showing average values for total deadwood stocks of 8 and 10.5 m3 ha−1 for the SNFI3 and SNFI4, respectively. However, SNFI are undertaken approximately every ten years, making it difficult their use for accomplishing international reporting requirements annually or every five years. In this context, the objective of the present study was to attempt to model deadwood occurrence, stocks and dynamics using stand, topographic and climatic variables. The models developed considered different forest types, deadwood categories (standing dead trees; downed dead trees; standing saplings; downed saplings/small dead trees; downed coarse wood pieces/downed branches; stumps; coppice stumps) and decay classes. The data set comprises plots from the SNFI3 (3236 plots) and the SNFI4 (1066 plots) from the Basque Country region. Due to the differing characteristics of deadwood stocks in managed forests, where a large number of plots have no deadwood (from 34% to 98% depending on the deadwood category considered), zero-inflated models were chosen as the modelling technique. From the different zero-inflated models analysed, zero-inflated Poisson model was the one that showed better results. Despite the natural variability inherent in deadwood in the analysed forests, good results were achieved for total deadwood stock models as a function of forest types as well as for deadwood dynamics models. These models provide a promising approach for deadwood estimation in the period between the NFI’s and they can also be employed by private forest owners in forest management practices, particularly in the case of forest certification.

The high plant richness in riparian zones of tropical forest streams and the relationship with an input of organic matter in these streams are not well understood. In this study, we assessed (i) the annual dynamics of inputs of coarse particulate organic matter (CPOM) in a tropical stream; and (ii) the relationship of species richness on riparian vegetation biomass. The fluxes and stock of CPOM inputs (vertical-VI = 512, horizontal-HI = 1912, and terrestrial-TI = 383 g/m2/year) and the benthic stock (BS = 67 g/m2/month) were separated into reproductive parts, vegetative parts and unidentified material. Leaves that entered the stream were identified and found to constitute 64 morphospecies. A positive relationship between species richness and litterfall was detected. The dynamics of CPOM were strongly influenced by rainfall and seasonal events, such as strong winds at the end of the dry season. Leaves contributed most to CPOM dynamics; leaf input was more intense at the end of the dry season (hydric stress) and the start of the rainy season (mechanical removal). Our study show an increase of litter input of CPOM by plant diversity throughout the year. Each riparian plant species contributes uniquely to the availability of energy resources, thus highlighting the importance of plant conservation for maintaining tropical streams functioning.

A Mid-Atlantic multimetric index provides a quick and cost effective assessment of brook trout streams or potential brook trout streams in the Mid-Atlantic United States. Using five core metrics – three in-stream metrics (riffle/run quality, dissolved oxygen content and water temperature) and two watershed metrics (percent land use in agriculture and distance to the nearest road from the survey site), the index can be calculated in the field by professional natural resource managers or trained volunteers. The index should be used in concert with other assessment tools, including a classification model designed to allow resource managers to quickly screen a given stream reach in order to determine its potential for supporting sustainable populations of brook trout. Used in tandem, the classification model could provide a preliminary assessment of a stream, followed by a secondary assessment using an index rating to further evaluate stream quality and potential.

It has already been extensively documented that major floristic differences between ancient and recent temperate broad-leaved forests exist. Hence, the question raises whether the herb layer community structure and organization of ancient and recent forests also differs and whether these differences are the same in productive vs. unproductive forest types? Therefore, we selected 127 relevés situated in productive Alno-Padion forests and 69 relevés situated in less productive Quercion forests out of a larger data-set containing 640 relevés from northern Belgium. The plots differed with respect to land use history but it was assured that no covariation between land use history on the one hand, and soil texture, soil drainage and canopy composition on the other occurred. In both forest types, about 30% of the studied species exhibited an association with either ancient or recent forests. Persistent differences between ancient and recent forests in life-form spectra in general and in the number and abundance of geophytes in particular were found as well. Few changes in the community structure of productive Alno-Padion forests were observed after 70 years of recovery. Only in the youngest Alno-Padion forests (i.e. <70 years) species numbers and total cover of the herb layer were lower and co-occurrence patterns did not differ from random. In general, community recovery appeared to be slower in unproductive Quercion forests. Species numbers, species abundance distributions, species co-occurrence patterns and plot dissimilarity still changed after 120 years. The persistent differences in both communities can be explained by the strong dispersal limitation of many of the involved species, but in the Quercion forests recovery is probably also severely hampered by establishment limitation.Es wurde bereits ausführlich dokumentiert, dass größere floristische Unterschiede zwischen sehr alten und jüngeren gemäßigten Laubwäldern existieren. Daher stellt sich die Frage, ob sich die Lebensgemeinschaftsstruktur und -organisation der Krautschicht ebenfalls unterscheidet und ob diese Unterschiede die gleichen bei produktiven vs. unproduktiven Waldtypen sind? Deshalb wählten wir aus einem größeren Datensatz, der 640 Aufnahmen aus dem nördlichen Belgien ent-hält, 127 Aufnahmen, die in produktiven Alno-Padion-Wäldern lagen, und 69 Aufnahmen, die in weniger produktiven Quercion-Wäldern lagen. Die Probeflächen unterschieden sich bezüglich der Landnutzungsgeschichte, aber es wurde sichergestellt, dass keine Kovarianz zwischen der Landnutzungsgeschichte auf der einen Seite und der Bodenstruktur, der Bodenentwässerung und der Blätterdachstruktur auf der anderen Seite bestand. In beiden Waldtypen zeigten ungefähr 30% der untersuchten Arten eine Assoziation entweder mit sehr alten oder jüngeren Wäldern. Nachhaltige Unterschiede zwischen sehr alten und jüngeren Wäldern wurden ebenfalls bei den Lebensform-Spektren im Allgemeinen und bei den Anzahlen und Abundanzen der Geophyten im Besonderen gefunden. Es wurden wenige Veränderungen in der Lebensgemeinschaftsstruktur der produktiven Alno-Padion-Wäldern 70 Jahre nach der Erholung beobachtet. Nur in den jüngsten Alno-Padion-Wäldern (d.h. <70 Jahre) waren die Artenzahlen und die Gesamtdeckung der Krautschicht geringer und die Muster gemeinsamen Vorkommens unterschieden sich nicht von einem Zufallsmuster. Die Erholung der Lebensgemeinschaft schien im Allgemeinen in den unproduktiven Quercion-Wäldern langsamer zu sein. Die Artenzahlen, die Verteilung der Arten-Abundanzen, die Muster gemeinsamen Vorkommens der Arten sowie die Probeflächendissimilarität veränderten sich noch nach 120 Jahren. Die nachhaltigen Unterschiede in den beiden Gemeinschaften können durch die starke Limitierung der Ausbreitung bei vielen der beteiligten Arten erklärt werden, in den Quercion-Wäldern ist die Erholung durch Umweltbegrenzungen ernsthaft behindert.

Chloromethane (CH3Cl) and dichloromethane (CH2Cl2) are known to have both natural and anthropogenic sources to the atmosphere. From recent studies it is known that tropical and sub tropical plants are primary sources of CH3Cl in the atmosphere. In order to quantify the biogenic emissions of CH3Cl and CH2Cl2 from mangroves, field measurement were conducted in a tropical mangrove forest on the coast of Brazil. To the best of our knowledge these field measurements were the first of its kind conducted in the tropical mangrove ecosystem of Braganca. A mesoscale atmospheric model, MEsoscale TRAnsport and fluid (Stream) model (METRAS), was used to simulate passive tracers concentrations and to study the dependency of concentrations on type of emission function and meteorology. Model simulated concentrations were normalized using the observed field data. With the help of the mesoscale model results and the observed data the mangrove emissions were estimated at the local scale. By using this bottom-up approach the global emissions of CH3Cl and CH2Cl2 from mangroves were quantified. The emission range obtained with different emission functions and different meteorology are 4–7 Gg yr−1 for CH3Cl and 1–2 Gg yr2 for CH2Cl2. Based on the present study the mangroves contribute 0.3 percent of CH2Cl2 and 0.2 percent of CH3Cl in the global emission budget. This study corroborates the study by Manley et al. (2007) which estimated that mangroves produce 0.3 percent of CH3Cl in the global emission budget. Although they contribute a small percentage in the global budget, their long lifetime enables them to contribute to the destruction of ozone in the stratosphere. From the detailed analyses of the model results it can be concluded that meteorology has a larger influence on the variability of concentrations than the temporal variability of the emission function.

Although the impacts of wetland loss are often felt at regional scales, effective planning and management require a comparative assessment of local needs, costs, and benefits. Satellite remote sensing can provide spatially explicit, synoptic land cover change information to support such an assessment. However, a common challenge in conventional remote sensing change detection is the difficulty of obtaining phenologically and radiometrically comparable data from the start and end of the time period of interest. An alternative approach is to use a prior land cover classification as a surrogate for historic satellite data and to examine the self-consistency of class spectral reflectances in recent imagery. We produced a 30-meter resolution wetland change probability map for the U.S. mid-Atlantic region by applying an outlier detection technique to a base classification provided by the National Wetlands Inventory (NWI). Outlier-resistant measures – the median and median absolute deviation – were used to represent spectral reflectance characteristics of wetland class populations, and formed the basis for the calculation of a pixel change likelihood index. The individual scene index values were merged into a consistent region-wide map and converted to pixel change probability using a logistic regression calibrated through interpretation of historic and recent aerial photography. The accuracy of a regional change/no-change map produced from the change probabilities was estimated at 89.6%, with a Kappa of 0.779. The change probabilities identify areas for closer inspection of change cause, impact, and mitigation potential. With additional work to resolve confusion resulting from natural spatial heterogeneity and variations in land use, automated updating of NWI maps and estimates of areal rates of wetland change may be possible. We also discuss extensions of the technique to address specific applications such as monitoring marsh degradation due to sea level rise and mapping of invasive species.

The composition and temporal variation in species recruitment were examined in relation to annual dendrochronological data to determine the historical development and successional history of an old-growth mixed-oak (Quercus) forest in northern Virginia, USA. A ridge site in the upland Piedmont, along the Potomac River, was used to survey the old-growth forest, which is dominated by Quercus alba L., Q. rubra L., Liriodendron tulipifera L., Fagus grandifolia Ehrh., and Carya glabra (Mill.) Sweet. The present age structure indicates that the oldest Q. alba established between 1748 and 1790. All tree species other than Q. alba in the forest were <110 years of age, excluding a 166-year-old Nyssa sylvatica Marsh.. Quercus alba had fairly continuous recruitment between 1740 and 1925. Peak recruitment of Q. rubra and C. glabra occurred between 1900 and 1930. Since 1930, tree recruitment in the forest has been dominated by Fagus, Liriodendron, and Acer rubrum L.. Releases in radial growth, indicative of moderate- and small-scale disturbances occurred in most of the oldest trees during the last 200 years. The master tree-ring chronology exhibited a sharp decline from 1837 to 1844, associated with an extremely cold period in the region, followed by a general increase from 1850 to 1930; growth remained high from 1930 to 1998. The shift in dominance from white oak to red oak to mixed-mesophytic tree species after 1900 is consistent with successional variation in other oak forests in the mid-Atlantic region.

Conservation of saproxylic organisms requires knowledge about the effects of forest management on their habitat. To better understand such effects, 16 beech forest sites in Navarre (Northern Spain) were examined. Woody debris volume and variety of woody debris were recorded in each sampled plot. To calculate variety of woody debris, dead wood pieces were classified into nine categories according to three size and three main decay stage classes. Results showed that forest management had a negative impact on fungal diversity and woody debris variety. Likewise, a nested mixed model design performed with PERMANOVA showed that both fungal assemblages and woody debris composition were significantly dissimilar between forests with distinct management history. When fungal richness was analyzed against variety and volume of woody debris, variety of woody debris explained much more variability than woody debris volume. Similarly, canonical correlation analysis revealed that groups formed according to the forest management factor based on fungal assemblages fitted better with the variety of woody debris variable than with the woody debris volume one. Accordingly, most fungal species showed preference for the type of woody debris on which they grow, and thus, some general growing patterns were established for them. In conclusion, taking into consideration that variety of woody debris is the main factor affecting wood-inhabiting fungal diversity and forest management is the factor which most affects the presence of wood debris variety, some recommendations for wood-inhabiting fungal conservation are provided.

Prioritization of areas for conservation in Amazonia is based on estimates of modern biodiversity and the distribution of endemic species. The refugial hypothesis provided an important conceptual basis for understanding the effects of climatic change on these reserve areas. The hypothesis predicted that ice-age aridity in Amazonia would have been the dominant force that resulted in modern patterns of endemism. However, recent paleoecological data indicate that cooling, rather than drying, was the predominant climatic influence on the ice-age Amazon forests, and this leads to a re-evaluation of forces structuring Amazonian diversity patterns. Modern forest clearance may result in a warmer and drier Amazon basin; conditions now seen to be without past analog. In the light of these data, assumptions regarding the survival of forest isolates in a drying landscape must be revised. Habitat functions in the sense of hydrogeomorphic processes and climate are recommended as conservation goals rather than explicitly attempting to save biodiversity. Reserve areas should be established in the expectation of future climatic change and be large enough to allow the ensuing migration of species.

The Ecuadorian sierra, or Andean region, has during recent decades witnessed a marked expansion of nature conservation initiatives. This paper explores the relations and tensions between this proliferation of conservation interventions and the struggles of rural Andean communities to assert territorial authority and to consolidate their livelihoods. Through an analysis of three rounds of conservation initiatives in an indigenous campesino cooperative in the south-central sierra, I argue for a conceptualization of the outcomes and trajectories of conservation as coproduced through histories of interaction between conservation actors and rural resource users. Within this analytical framework, I underscore the importance of taking into account the agency of rural communities, their historical landscape claims, and the dynamism of their livelihood interests.

This paper examines and compares the management practices and regulatory approaches used by the Mid-Atlantic States of Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania for improving the quality of storm-water runoff. Such practices range from simple extended detention criteria in Pennsylvania through the BMP credit system used by Maryland, to the latest “green technology” methods promoted in Delaware and the recharge, quality and peak reduction approaches of New Jersey. All practices are designed to meet EPA requirements for total suspended solids (TSS) removal, but verification of performance is not required. More sophisticated methods of evaluating TSS removal that can be used for engineering design purposes are needed.

Conservation biologists frequently use data from the same or related species collected in diverse geographic locations to guide interventions in situations where its applicability is uncertain. There are dangers inherent to this approach. The nesting habitats of critically endangered hawksbill sea turtles (Eretmochelys imbricata) cover a broad geographic global range. Based on data collected in the Caribbean and Indo-Pacific, conservationists assume hawksbills prefer open-coast beaches near coral reefs for nesting, and that individual hawksbills are highly consistent in nest placement, suggesting genetic factors partially account for variation in nest-site choice. We characterized nest-site preferences of hawksbills in El Salvador and Nicaragua, where >80% of nesting activity occurs for this species in the eastern Pacific, and ∼90% of hawksbill clutches are relocated to hatcheries for protection. We found hawksbills preferred nest sites with abundant vegetation on dynamic beaches within mangrove estuaries. Nests in El Salvador were located closer to the ocean and to the woody vegetation border than nests in Nicaragua, suggesting female hawksbills exhibit local adaptations to differences in nesting habitat. Individual hawksbills consistently placed nests under high percentages of overstory vegetation, but were not consistent in nest placement related to woody vegetation borders. We suggest conservation biologists use caution when generalizing about endangered species that invest in specific life-history strategies (e.g., nesting) over broad ranges based on data collected in distant locations when addressing conservation issues.

Secondary cavity-nesting birds (SCN), which cannot create their own breeding cavities, are expected to be influenced by habitat alteration caused by forest management practices, but the mechanisms underlying the distribution pattern of SCN subjected to different management systems are poorly known. To improve our knowledge on these mechanisms, we examine cavity abundance, cavity occupation and reproductive performance of SCN in Pyrenean oak (Quercus pyrenaica) forests subjected to two management systems: (i) dense “young forests”, maintained at such stage by clear-cuttings and burns, and (ii) “old forest”, subjected to extensive traditional grazing and scarce firewood extraction by selective cutting. Young forests had considerably lower density of cavities (1.29 ± 0.71 vs 15.09 ± 2.00 cavities ha−1), SCN species (0.18 ± 0.11 vs 0.61 ± 0.07 species ha−1) and nests (0.40 ± 0.27 vs 2.67 ± 0.25 nests of all SCN ha−1) than old forests, indicating that a low availability of cavities may limit SCN assemblages in young oak forests. However, reproductive parameters of great (Parus major) and blue (Cyanistes caeruleus) tits associated with the availability of food (laying date, clutch size, nestling number and weight, adult weight) did not differ between both forest types, suggesting that food supply was not reduced in young forests, at least for tits during the breeding season. Large diameter (up to 170 cm dbh) decayed trees were the most likely to hold cavities, but birds preferred smaller living cavity-trees for nesting (90% of nests in 21–65 cm dbh trees). The preservation of cavity-trees within traditionally managed old oak forests is crucial in providing nesting opportunities to SCN. Besides, the protection of these traditionally managed forests would also benefit to other forest organisms that depend on old and open oak forests.

Climate change has created the need for new strategies in conservation planning that account for the dynamics of factors threatening endangered species.Here we assessed climate change threat to the European otter, a flagship species for freshwater ecosystems, considering how current conservation areas will perform in preserving the species in a climatically changed future. We used an ensemble forecasting approach considering six modelling techniques applied to eleven subsets of otter occurrences across Europe. We performed a pseudo-independent and an internal evaluation of predictions. Future projections of species distribution were made considering the A2 and B2 scenarios for 2080 across three climate models: CCCMA-CGCM2, CSIRO-MK2 and HCCPR HADCM3. The current and the predicted otter distributions were used to identify priority areas for the conservation of the species, and overlapped to existing network of protected areas.Our projections show that climate change may profoundly reshuffle the otter’s potential distribution in Europe, with important differences between the two scenarios we considered. Overall, the priority areas for conservation of the otter in Europe appear to be unevenly covered by the existing network of protected areas, with the current conservation efforts being insufficient in most cases. For a better conservation, the existing protected areas should be integrated within a more general conservation and management strategy incorporating climate change projections. Due to the important role that the otter plays for freshwater habitats, our study further highlights the potential sensitivity of freshwater habitats in Europe to climate change.

Based on new information, the current conservation status of the freshwater pearl mussel Margaritifera margaritifera (Linnaeus, 1758) in Portugal is revised. Between 2010 and 2013 surveys were conducted in eight different rivers to assess distribution, abundance, size-frequency and preferential habitat of this species. Rivers Neiva, Cávado and Terva presented very low abundances (in the Cávado no specimens were found) and showed acute signs of ageing, calling into question the future survival of these populations. Although abundances were low in Rivers Beça, Paiva and Mente, juveniles were present and populations may improve their conservation status in the future, if appropriate management measures are applied. Rivers Rabaçal and Tuela presented the highest abundances of adults and juveniles and these two rivers have the highest potential for the conservation of freshwater pearl mussels in Portugal. However, these two populations have suffered severe declines in several stretches due to the construction of dams in recent years. Given that the Portuguese pearl mussel populations are at the southern range of the species distribution, their conservation should be a priority. This current description of the conservation status of M. margaritifera in Portugal can be used as a reference, and guide future research and management initiatives to better conserve this species.

This study is part of an extensive project that evaluated the effects of a natural ecosystem on a healthy banana crop and the quality of its fruit. In particular, the study examined the influence of the maintenance of natural biodiversity (Atlantic forest) near a conventional banana crop on the metabolic profiling of ripe banana fruits. Results revealed differences between ripe fruits harvested from plants near the natural forest (Near-NF) and fruits harvested in areas distant from the natural forest (Distant-NF). A total of 76 metabolites were identified in ripe banana fruits. Bananas harvested from Near-NF plot showed increased levels of γ-aminobutyric acid and reduced levels of putrescine compared with fruits from Distant-NF plot. Furthermore, fatty acids profile suggests that ripe fruits harvested from Near-NF plot had increased nutritional quality compared with fruits from Distant-NF plot. Multivariate statistical analysis revealed that these metabolites, which potentially influence the nutritional/sensorial quality of ripe fruits, also contributed to distinguishing fruits harvested from Near-NF and Distant-NF plots. Collectively, the results suggest that the natural biodiversity surrounding a crop area could benefit ripe banana nutritional/sensorial quality. The maintenance of natural forest fragments thus appears to be a promising tool for increasing the quality of fruit crops.

Public field-afforestation schemes have been designed and widely implemented as a measure to alleviate uneven distribution, generate economic growth in rural areas and maintain or improve natural resources. The literature on forest management and planning has improved land-related information systems, allowing policy-makers to design and implement future policies on the allocation of forestland uses, and to forecast the land requirements of the target population more closely. The aim of this article is to empirically examine and validate the temporal and spatial land use changes and the socioeconomic effects linked to field-afforestation on private lands in the province of Lugo (Galicia, Northern Spain) at the municipal, parish and individual farm holding levels. Two main top-down field-afforestation programmes are reviewed in the study area: the national programme of public afforestations started with the implementation of Ley de Patrimonio Forestal del Estado (National Forest Estate Act; NFE) from 1941 to 2000, and the European aid scheme for forestry measures established under European Council Regulation No. 2080/1992 from 1993 to 1997. The results of a survey, targeted at 1355 farmers and conducted through questionnaires in the province of Lugo in 2004, complete the analysis of public intervention in forest management. The results indicate that the specific social, economic and environmental context of an agricultural and forestry area involves a differential heritage of land customs that determines a differential response model to forest programmes of land allocation and planning. Therefore, this must not be underestimated by the quantitative or qualitative general objectives of large-scale policies.

The current rates of biodiversity loss are amongst the major global environmental problems, especially in the tropics. The creation of Protected Areas (PAs) is the most widespread strategy adopted for the minimization of such problem. However, official studies that guide the creation of PAs frequently do not convert their outcomes into conservation. This problem is not expected in Brazil, because scientific studies for the definition of priority areas for conservation were ordered by the same institutions in charge of the creation and management of PAs. In this paper, we compared the spatial distribution of PAs created in Brazil in the past decade with studies of priority areas for the protection of biodiversity. At a federal level of analysis, 19.44% of federal PAs are located in non-priority sites, which represents 0.47% of the total land area of federal PAs created. At a state level, 71.05% of state PAs are located in non-priority sites, which represents 60.68% of the total land area of state PAs created. In 2015, the total cost for the preservation of PAs in non-priority classes was US$ 17,539.30 (3.28% of the annual budget for federal PAs created after 2007) at federal level and US$ 541,745.02 (55.98% of the annual budget for state PAs created after 2008) at state level. The findings contribute to the development of strategies for the creation of new PAs in Brazil.

The effects of browsing by ungulates on the regeneration of Atlantic oakwoods (a habitat of European conservation importance) were studied at five sites in western Scotland. The principal objective was to determine the densities of ungulates that will allow regeneration of the woods. Use of the sites by red deer, roe deer and sheep was estimated by counting pellet groups throughout the year. Estimated summer and winter total herbage offtakes, derived from published species-specific seasonal defecation rates and dry matter intake, were used as indices of grazing pressure. Sapling growth and ungulate and invertebrate damage to saplings were recorded by repeat monitoring.The incidence of browsing of saplings varied considerably between sites and seasons from a summer minimum of around 20% to a winter maximum of over 70%. In summer, rowan and birch were more likely to be browsed than oak and hazel, but there was no overall significant difference between tree species in winter. Browsing incidence increased with estimated offtake during winter, but not during summer. Browsed saplings lost height on average, but growth of saplings that escaped browsing was also poor, and most unbrowsed saplings (especially oak) did not increase in height. Invertebrate damage affected the majority of oak saplings and could be having a significant effect on sapling growth under a mature oak canopy.The abundance of oak and other hardwood saplings present at the sites indicates that the Atlantic oakwoods have the potential to regenerate, but even complete removal of ungulates is unlikely to result in widespread regeneration, owing to the limited growth of saplings located under the mature tree canopy. Forest management that allows light to reach the saplings and enhance growth rates may be required before this potential will be realised. As browsing incidence was only weakly related to estimated ungulate grazing pressure, blanket recommendations applicable to any site based upon a threshold ungulate density which will allow regeneration cannot be made. Rather, deer management plans for sites should be made on an individual basis, and apply not just to the oakwood itself, but to the full range of the deer which use the wood.

Ground based timber harvesting on wet sites has been linked to alteration of soil properties that may result in reduced long term site productivity. Following Hurricane Hugo in the fall of 1989, numerous salvage logging operations were conducted under high soil moisture conditions to reduce wildfire risk and salvage timber within the Francis Marion National Forest in the lower coastal plain of South Carolina. Study sites were established on wet pine flats to examine the long term effects of primary skid trails and site preparation on planted loblolly pine (Pinus taeda L.) growth. Treatment effects were analyzed as a split-plot within a randomized complete block design with 12 blocks, four levels of site preparation (none, disking, bedding, disking with bedding), and two levels of machine traffic (primary skid trail, no obvious traffic). After 23 years, bedding and disking with bedding enhanced stand density (p < 0.0001) and above ground stand biomass (p < 0.0001) relative to the disking and non-site prepared treatments. None of the site preparation treatments were effective at increasing biomass of individual trees. Mean height (p < 0.0001), DBH (p < 0.0001), and biomass of individual trees (p < 0.0001) were lower on primary skid trails than in non-trafficked areas. Traffic did not have a significant effect on stand density (p < 0.4662) or stand biomass (p = 0.1564). Selected soil physical properties and productivity measurements were similar for the non-site prepared treatment on and off primary skid trails, suggesting that 23 years is sufficient time for soils in wet flats to naturally recover from wet weather harvest disturbance. This study indicates that bedding may be the most efficient management practice to enhance long term stand productivity for loblolly pine on aeration-limited sites by increasing seedling survival. Minimizing the spatial extent of skid trails may increase growth of individual trees.

Predictive habitat mapping has shown great promise to improve the understanding of the spatial distribution and complexity of benthic habitats and is a valuable means to highlight species-environment relationships where field data are limited. Although spatial distribution models may represent an important step forward in science-based ecosystem management, reliable predictions are hard to obtain in deep-sea environments, mainly owing to the usual paucity of high resolution maps in these settings. The aim of this study is to apply and test different spatial models to statistically predict the distribution of two Cold-Water Coral (CWC) species (Madrepora oculata, Dendrophyllia cornigera) in the Cap de Creus Canyon (NW Mediterranean), based on high-resolution swath-bathymetry (5 m resolution) and video observations through the manned submersible JAGO (IFM-GEOMAR). Several submarine canyons host CWC communities, as the environmental conditions tend to be particularly suitable for their settlement and development. Along the Cap de Creus Canyon, presence/absence of CWC was estimated in each 5 m resolution pixel based on video imagery. Maximum Entropy (MaxEnt), General Additive Model (GAM) and Random Forest were applied to represent non-linear species-environment relationships using terrain variables derived from multibeam bathymetry (slope, rugosity, aspect, backscatter). According to the models, CWC were most likely to be found on the steep walls of the southern flank which face the head and the thalweg of the canyon, aligning with the known CWC ecology acquired from previous studies. Outputs from the three models showed similar average performances in predicting CWC distribution from the available environmental variables. Slope and aspect for Madrepora oculata, and rugosity for Dendrophyllia cornigera drive their distribution, although in some cases the three models identified different variables controlling each species. To reduce differences and associated uncertainties between model outputs, 5 m resolution ensembles were produced for the two species. As a final step, an up-scaled 50 m resolution predictive map based on the fine scale ensembles is proposed as a valuable contribution for stakeholders, which need to manage large natural areas using objective and repeatable science-based approaches.

Northeastern North America is a region of low fire occurrence compared to other areas. Moreover, reported area burned and fire numbers have been declining to unusually low levels over several decades. Reported forest fire data for 1950-2010 were analyzed for New York, New England, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia. Several diagnostics for extreme value behavior are described. Statistical analysis showsthat extreme value behavior can be preserved even at lower average levels of fire occurrence. A small number of years accounts for a significant share of cumulative area burned. Since 1957, there have been no years in which area burned exceeded 2 standard deviations from the mean in two or more jurisdictions. Datasets on individual fires since the 1970’s are available for several states. An exploratory analysis of such data for New York shows that skewness in fire size distributions is much more marked for individual fires than for annual totals. Such data permits analysis of peak loads on fire control services in terms of monthly and daily fire activity. Considering the potential risks to life and property, further analysis of extreme fire occurrences in the region is warranted.

The incidence of natural disturbance in forests is increasing globally as a consequence of global warming. The concomitant large-scale transformation of landscapes can have profound social impacts and trigger political conflict that hampers resource management. This paper explores the link between landscape transformations and political conflict using the example of the bark beetle epidemic in Bavarian Forest National Park, Germany. For a significant part of the local population, the bark beetle represented a threat to their homeland and the post-disturbance landscape of dead wood reflected the dominance of outside interests in land management. This resentment sparked the formation of a local political movement, which was successful in pressing for changes in the current land management policy that were based on the ideal of a green forest landscape that needed to be protected by human intervention. An alternative interpretation of the post-disturbance landscape, however, welcomed it as a step towards authentic wilderness and opposed interventions to control the bark beetle. These contrasting understandings of the post-disturbance landscape underpin the protracted political conflict over the appropriate management of natural disturbance that has been smouldering for more than 20 years. The article concludes that it is vital to understand the cultural meaning of landscapes before adopting a disturbance management policy in order to avoid paralysing political conflict and social unrest.

Monitoring ecological indicators is important for assessing impacts of human activities on ecosystems. A means of identifying and applying appropriate indicators is a prerequisite for: environmental assessment; better assessment and understanding of ecosystem health; elucidation of biogeochemical trends; and more accurate predictions of future responses to global change, particularly those due to anthropogenic disturbance. The challenge is to derive meaningful indicators of change that capture the complexities of ecosystems yet can be monitored consistently over large areas and across time. In this study, methods for monitoring indicators of land cover (LC) and forest change were developed using multi-sensor Landsat imagery. Mapping and updating procedures were applied to the Humber River Basin (HRB) in Newfoundland and Labrador, one of four test sites in Canada selected for testing the development of national-scale methods. Procedures involved unsupervised clustering and labeling of baseline imagery, followed by image-to-image spectral clustering to derive binary change masks within which new LC types were classified for non-baseline imagery. Updated maps were compatible with the baseline map and reflected change in LC for three time periods: 1976–1990, 1990–2001, and 2001–2007. From the LC products, several change indicators were quantified including: forest depletion, forest regeneration, forest change, net forest change, and annual rates of change. The procedures were validated using field plots to assess the accuracy of the 2007 LC product (74.2% for 10 LC classes) and change classes observed from 2001 to 2007 (87.8% for four change classes: depletion, regeneration, non-treed class no change, and treed class no change). Methods were considered to be highly efficient and operationally feasible over large areas spanning multiple Landsat scenes. Specific results for the test site provided trend information supporting land and resource management in the HRB region.

Biological control using host-specific natural enemies is sometimes the only long-term and cost-effective option to contain dominant invasive alien species in natural ecosystems. To assess biocontrol success, most monitoring studies focus on the negative impacts of the released biocontrol agents on the target invasive species. Very few studies have shown the conservation benefits, i.e. their positive effects on the recovery of native species and habitats. A fungal pathogen (Colletotrichum gloeosporioides f. sp. miconiae) was successfully released on the island of Tahiti (South Pacific) to control the dominant invasive tree Miconia calvescens which forms dense monospecific stands in native rain- and cloud forests. The pathogen causes a leaf disease leading to partial (5–35%) defoliation of Miconia canopy trees. We studied the demographical parameters of the rare endemic sub-shrub Ophiorrhiza subumbellata, growing in the understory of montane cloud forests invaded by Miconia. We compared Ophiorrhiza populations in 13 plots set up in two sites located between 950 and 1000 m elevation, having the same Miconia invasion degree but different levels of leaf damage. Our results showed that, whereas the total population density of Ophiorrhiza is not affected, plants’ growth and fertility were significantly higher in more defoliated Miconia forests. A 3-year-long survey of Ophiorrhiza population at one study site indicated that the number of seedlings and juvenile plants increased, suggesting better recruitment and survival. This study demonstrates that biological control has contributed to the recovery of an endemic plant directly threatened by an invasive species, and may be considered as an important management tool for the partial restoration of native forests.

Cercosaura ocellata has for long been considered a polytypic species. A recent molecular study elevated one of the recognized subspecies as full species, but based on limited sampling. For species delimitation a more extensive study is warranted, both in terms of number of specimens and geographical coverage. We conduct an integrative taxonomic study of C. ocellata complex, based on external morphology and genomic data (RAD-seq), considering its entire geographic distribution. Our results support the recognition of four species, three of which are restricted to Amazonia: Cercosaura ocellata from the Guianan region, north of the Amazon river, and east of the Tapajós river, in Pará, Brazil; Cercosaura bassleri from western Amazonia, eastward limited by the Negro (north of the Amazon) and the Madeira (south of it) rivers; and an undescribed species partially in sympatry with the former two, distributed between the Purus and Xingu rivers. Cercosaura olivacea, the fourth species, occurs in the Cerrado, Atlantic forest, Pantanal and Pampas. Cercosaura ocellata petersi and Cercosaura humilis are junior synonyms of C. olivacea. The new species is recovered as sister to C. bassleri (C. ocellata–C. olivacea).

Historically, forests in the northeastern United States were disturbed by fire, wind, Native American agriculture, flooding, and beavers (Castor canadensis). Of these, wind and beavers are now the only sources of natural disturbance. Most disturbance-dependent species, especially birds, are declining throughout the region whereas species affiliated with mature forests are generally increasing or maintaining populations. Disturbance must be simulated for conservation of early-successional species, many of which are habitat specialists compared to those associated with mature forests. Both the maintenance of old fields and forest regeneration are needed to conserve brushland species. Regenerating forest habitats are more ephemeral than other woody early-successional habitats. The types and amounts of early-successional habitats created depend on the silvicultural system used, patch size selected, time between regeneration cuts, and rotation age. We recommend that group selection and patch cuts should be at least 0.8 ha, and patches should be generated approximately every 10–15 years depending on site quality. Regeneration of intolerant and mid-tolerant tree species should be increased or maintained in managed stands. Also, frost pockets, unstocked, or poorly-stocked stands can provide opportunities to increase the proportion of early-successional habitats in managed forests.

Much information on restoration and management exists for wet tropical forests of Central America but comparatively little work has been done in the dry forests of this region. Such information is critical for reforestation efforts that are now occurring throughout Central America. This paper describes processes of degradation due to land use and provides a conceptual framework for the restoration of dry tropical forest. Most of this forest type was initially harvested for timber and then cleared for cattle in the last century (1930–1970). Only 1.7% remains largely restricted to infertile soils and remote areas on the Pacific coastal side of Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Mexico. These cleared areas are again in a state of transition due to a combination of decreasing land productivity, and land speculation for tourism development. Some farms have been sold to new landowners who are interested in reforesting to increase biodiversity and forest cover. Attempts have therefore been made to reforest by protecting the land from fire and cattle, by supplementing natural regrowth with enrichment planting, or through use of tree plantations. Experimental studies have demonstrated the ability of these lands to grow back to forests because of native species ability to sprout after cutting, and the capacity of remnant trees in field and riparian zones to provide seeds and to moderate edge environment for seed germination and seedling establishment. However, research also shows that on sites with long histories of land clearance, species diversity will remain low with functional groups missing unless some active management occurs. Under-planting with late-successional native tree species can add structure and diversity; enrichment planting with large-fruited shade-intolerant species can initiate new islands of more diverse regeneration beneath their canopies; and plantings of fast-growing, nitrogen-fixing trees that provide light canopy shade can moderate the environment below, promoting regeneration establishment of late-successional species. Plantations are the only option for lands that have lost almost all remnants of native forest, and where soils and vegetation have changed to new states of structure and function. Conversion of pastures to tree plantations that can facilitate natural regeneration beneath them is appropriate when pastures are prone to fire and/or lack immediate seed sources nearby. After the grasses have been shaded out, natural recruitment can slowly occur over a 10–15 years period. Under-planting of shade-tolerant late-successional species can supplement species composition and structure.

Arid and semi-arid forests and woodlands (hereafter called «dryland forests»), in spite of their ecological and social importance, have received little attention in land change studies. Growing evidence shows that these forests have been receding at very high rates in many places, suggesting a need for a better understanding of the processes and causes of dryland forest degradation. Changes in the extent of dryland forests are debated in part because estimates of forest and woodland areas in drylands are uncertain. Causal explanations of the degradation tend to draw on the literature on desertification and tropical deforestation, and to emphasize either local or remote, and either social or biophysical drivers. This study contributes to a better understanding of dryland forest degradation as a basis for conservation policies. Firstly, we argue that monitoring arid and semi-arid forests and woodlands using area estimates may lead to an underestimation of the severity of change because tree density change often exceeds area change. Secondly, we argue that the analysis of degradation processes in these multifunctional landscapes should integrate both local and remote, and both social and biophysical factors. We use a case study of degradation in the argania woodlands in semi-arid to arid Southwest Morocco to test these two claims. We used gridded tree counts on aerial photographs and satellite images to estimate forest change between 1970 and 2007, and we tested several possible causes of change on the basis of original socio-economic field surveys and climatic and topographic data. We found that forest density declined by 44.5% during this period, a figure that is significantly underestimated if forest area change is used as a measure of degradation. Increasing aridity and, to a lesser extent, fuelwood extraction were related to forest decline. No effect of grazing by local livestock was found.

In order for decision-makers to adjust environmental policy appropriately, it is essential that they utilize reliable data. Now, on a global scale, mangroves are considered endangered, yet there is a general consensus among recent scholars that mangroves in Saloum and Casamance estuaries are currently experiencing regeneration. In contrast with the results of these papers, Carney et al. (2014) published a paper in Geoforum mapping and quantifying a massive mangrove loss. However, remote sensing and mapping shortcomings have been identified. The 2010 map used in the Carney et al. (2014) paper is accurate, however, as a result of errors in georeferencing, window extraction and classification, their 1986 map is not. Mangrove and mudflats are grouped in the same class. The addition of a stacked classification to the image processing used by Carney et al. (2014) enables the realization of a correction of the map, and thus the production of results similar to other studies. The supposed loss of mangroves appears to have been the consequence of this classification error. In fact, we observe a progression of 8804 ha instead of the regression of 37,196 ha assessed by the authors. This published discrepancy, which is in opposition to any other study of this area, must be discussed in order to clarify for scholars and policymakers the actual dynamics of mangrove change in the studied region.

Hydromedusa maximiliani is a vulnerable freshwater turtle endemic to mountainous regions of the Atlantic rainforest in southeastern Brazil. Random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) were surveyed with the purpose of assessing the genetic structure and determining the partitioning of molecular variation in H. maximiliani across the natural spatial hierarchical scale of its habitat. The goal of the study was to integrate ecological data with estimates of molecular genetics diversity to develop strategies for the conservation of this freshwater turtle. Specimens were sampled from rivers and streams across three drainages. Nine of the 80 primers used generated 27 scoreable bands of which 10 (37%) were polymorphic and produced 16 RAPD phenotypes. Significant heterogeneity was found in the distribution of RAPD molecular phenotypes across the three drainages. Analysis of molecular variance for molecular phenotypes showed that the heterogeneity had a spatial structure since a significant amount (22%) of the total variance was attributable to variation among rivers and streams. Since the genetic variation of this turtle seems to be structured according to the natural hierarchical system of rivers and streams within drainages, it is suggested that local populations should be considered as separate management units.

A precise knowledge of forest demographic gradients in the Mediterranean area is essential to assess future impacts of climate change and extreme drought events. Here we studied the geographical patterns of forest demography variables (tree recruitment, growth and mortality) of the main species in Spain and assessed their multiple ecological drivers (climate, topography, soil, forest stand attributes and tree-specific traits) as well as the geographical variability of their effects and interactions. Quantile modeling analyses allowed a synthetic description of the gradients of multiple covariates influencing forest demography in this area. These multivariate effect gradients showed significantly stronger interactions at the extremes of the rainfall gradient. Remarkably, in all demographic variables, qualitatively different levels of effects and interactions were observed across tree-size classes. In addition, significant differences in demographic responses and effect gradients were also evident between the dominant genus Quercus and Pinus. Quercus species presented significantly higher percentage of plots colonized by new recruits, whereas in Pinus recruitment limitation was significantly higher. Contrasting positive and negative growth responses to temperature were also observed in Quercus and Pinus, respectively. Overall, our results synthesize forest demographic responses across climatic gradients in Spain, and unveil the interactions between driving factors operating in the drier and wetter edges.

Fishers' local ecological knowledge (LEK) presents the enormous potential to assist in the conservation of depleted natural resources available to small-scale fisheries worldwide. Due to the significant socioeconomic value of sardines in the Southwestern Atlantic, the objective of this work was to register the LEK about Brazilian sardine of the traditional fishing village of Arraial do Cabo, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. Social science tools were used to extract data from biology, ecology, food taboos and human uses of Brazilian sardine. A qualitative analysis was performed through accurate coding and cross-checking using an emic-etic approach and all data made available was taken into consideration. Fishers highlighted information on areas of habitat, migration patterns, trophic ecology, and reproduction season. The LEK showed compliance with scientific literature in relevant points of the ecology and biology of this species which have a life the history that leads to increased vulnerability due to overfishing and management difficulties. We emphasize the importance of continuously sharing the LEK of the sardines between the community, researchers, and managers in favor of a more effective socio-ecological conservation of this fishing resource in Arraial do Cabo.

Four different forest restoration modes (Acacia mangium plantation, mixed-native species plantation, conifer plantation and Eucalyptus plantation) were evaluated using Energy System Theory and the emergy synthesis method. In addition, the eco-exergies of the four forest restoration modes were calculated, and combined with emergy and empower density to explore the restoration and self-organization efficiencies of these modes. The results showed that the two plantations of exotic species, especially the Acacia mangium plantation, were best for biomass accumulation and soil improvement, whereas the two plantations of native species, especially the mixed-native plantation, were more efficient in capturing the available natural resources. Transformity is an important emergy index for the evaluation of system efficiency, because it takes both input and output into account. In subtropical plantations, trees mainly contribute to eco-exergy, whereas herbs and shrubs mainly contribute to specific eco-exergy. The c-value Paradox does exist in conifer species in this study, and it could affect the eco-exergy evaluation. The joint use of eco-exergy and emergy analysis is helpful in comparing both different and similar kinds of ecosystems.

Large-scale forest fragmentation in the Colombian Andes has resulted in the decline and local extinction of bird populations. We used artificial nests to examine the effects of habitat fragmentation on bird nest predation in a cloud forest site in the western Andean range, where local extinction of understory birds has been documented. Rates of nest predation were higher in three small (11, 13 and 29 ha) than in two large (75 and 300 ha) forest fragments. High rates of predation were not due to an edge effect, as predation rates were not higher on the edge than in the interior of the large fragments. Egg remains, recovered from depredated nests, suggested that nest losses were attributable to medium-sized mammals in large fragments, while small rodents were probably responsible for most predation in small fragments. Thus, we argue that changes in the mammalian predator assemblage (increased abundance of small mammals in small fragments) may account for the increased predation rates.

Forest decline may be a complex disease caused by the interaction of a number of interchangeable factors (both abiotic and biotic), leading to gradual deterioration of the forest. These factors have been classified as predisposing, inciting or contributing factors. Pinus pinaster Ait. is one of the most important forest species in Spain because of its protective value and the high timber yields obtained. Maritime pine decline has been observed in several forests in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula, manifested as transparency at the crown, small needles, foliage discolouration and premature tree death. The aim of this study was to unravel the role of predisposing, inciting and contributing factors in Mediterranean maritime pine decline in Spain. Various parameters were measured in 27 circular plots of radius 15 m in natural stands of P. pinaster ssp. mesogeensis. The data obtained indicated better forest health status in pure stands, in which thinning has been carried out, than in unthinned mixed stands. High values of total height and spring precipitation showed better forest health, whereas high tree density was associated with the poorest forest health status. The results suggest that predisposing factors such as competition and water deficit have triggered the decline of P. pinaster.

Growing stock volume (GSV) is one of the most important variables for forest management and is traditionally estimated from ground measurements. These measurements are expensive and therefore sparse and hard to maintain in time on a regular basis. Remote sensing data combined with national forest inventories constitute a helpful tool to estimate and map forest attributes. However, most studies on GSV estimation from remote sensing data focus on small forest areas with a single or only a few species. The current study aims to map GSV in peninsular Spain, a rather large and very heterogeneous area. Around 50 000 wooded land plots from the Third Spanish National Forest Inventory (NFI3) were used as reference data, whereas more than 8 000 Landsat-5 TM and Landsat-7 ETM + scenes covering both the study period (1997–2007) and area were chosen as a compromise between availability and suitable temporal and spatial resolution to estimate GSV. Google Earth Engine (GEE) was used to handle the huge amount of remotely sensed data. A total of 805 predictors were calculated from Landsat spectral reflectances. Guided regularized random forests algorithm (RF) was used to deal with the arising multicolinearity and identify the most important predictors by comparing with NFI3 plot-level GSV data. As a result, to model the relationship between spectral information and GSV, the original 805 predictors were reduced to only 29 (highlighting texture metrics, vegetation indices and band ratios involving short wave infrared reflectance) while maintaining the accuracy level (R2 ≈ 0.4 and RMSE ≈ 60 m3 ha–1). A 30-m spatial resolution wall-to-wall GSV map over Peninsular Spain was obtained from a standard RF with the 29 selected predictors through GEE. Its accuracy was evaluated against NFI3 province-level GSV data, resulting in R2 ≈ 0.91 and RMSE ≈ 15 m3 ha–1.

Aquatic habitat types embedded in managed forest can contribute ecological services and suitable conditions for numerous species despite departing from historical baselines. Although prevalent in the Atlantic Coastal Plain, roadside ditches adjacent to pine plantations have had few surveys of vertebrate diversity and little is known about local and landscape level effects of silvicultural activities on species assemblages. Our goal was to investigate richness and occupancy of amphibians and reptiles in an intensively managed forest landscape with a history of silvicultural alterations of aquatic habitat types, including ditching, draining, and periodic maintenance of ditches for optimizing loblolly pine (Pinus taeda) growth. We selected 15 roadside ditches that were maintained 3–17 years earlier and were embedded in a matrix of pine plantations in eastern North Carolina, USA. We conducted repeated, visual encounter surveys of roadside ditches during 2012–2013 and detected 25 species of amphibians and reptiles 447 times including five species of statewide conservation concern. We used a Bayesian, hierarchical, community occupancy model with group-specific hyper-parameters to estimate occupancy probabilities and species richness while accounting for imperfect detection. With our model, we examined effects of time since ditch maintenance, amount of nearby mature forest, and amount of adjacent wetlands on species richness and occupancy. We predicted species would respond positively to an intermediate period of time since ditch maintenance and positively to landscape covariates related to mature forest and wetlands. Our model estimated species richness of anurans from 0.9 to 7.4 species/ditch segment, snakes and lizards from 0.8 to 9.0 species/ditch segment, and turtles from 0.9 to 5.1 species/ditch segment. Contrary to our predictions, occupancy of herpetofauna showed no evidence of a relationship to time since ditch maintenance, and landscape metrics only influenced occupancy of one turtle species. Detection probabilities were influenced by season for several anurans, snakes, and lizards, but not turtles. Our results indicate that aquatic habitat types embedded in managed forests that were hydrologically and structurally altered for silviculture can support local occupancy of a relatively diverse herpetofaunal community and that temporal proximity to ditch maintenance had little effect on occupancy or richness.

Anthropogenic pressures on the marine environment have escalated and shellfish habitats have declined substantially around the world. Recently, Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) have rapidly increased in number, but management baselines rarely account for historical conditions. Marine examples of habitat restoration are therefore unusual.An interdisciplinary review of management baselines was undertaken for the Dornoch Firth protected area (NE Scotland) as well as three adjacent inlets and 50 km of open coastline. The protected area has low levels of industrial development, is sparsely populated, and previously achieved management objectives.Here we systematically searched for historical evidence of native oyster (Ostrea edulis) beds, a habitat now rare and of conservation importance throughout Atlantic Europe. Archaeological records, navigational charts, historical maps, museum collections, land-use records, fisheries records, public online databases and naturalists' records were searched. We conducted intertidal and subtidal surveys and sample oyster shells were radiocarbon dated.The combined interdisciplinary sources showed that O. edulis occurred in the inlets and open coast areas of NE Scotland, and specifically in the protected area: Probably since the end of the last glaciation to the late 1800s when they were likely over-fished. Present environmental conditions are also suitable for oyster restoration.Habitat restoration in protected areas is an emerging global theme. However, European oyster restoration effort is currently confined to remnant populations with a clear history of exploitation or dwindling associated fisheries. An interdisciplinary review of baselines will probably show scope for the restoration of O. edulis, for nature conservation, in many other European MPAs.

Changes in land use and production systems are to a large extent responsible for land degradation. In Portugal this process has been triggered mainly by socioeconomic drivers, such as agricultural technology, demography and policy changes. In this article land use changes in Portugal are discussed in terms of their main drivers and impacts, focussing on land degradation and conservation. The discussion includes a brief outline of historical land use changes in Portugal and a more detailed account of the changes in the period after 1986, when Portugal joined the European Union. An assessment of recent (1986–2006) land use changes and their impact was conducted for two selected research areas in the Centro and Alentejo regions. This assessment was based on information from the CORINE Land Cover programme (1985 and 2006) and the National Agricultural Census (1989 and 1999). In the Centro research area the land under forest declined from 52% to only 22% of the area, mainly as a result of forest fires. In the Alentejo research area the major change was the decline of miscellaneous shrub, declining from 23% to 11%, to open forest land, increasing as a result of afforestation measures from 1% to 22%. These land use changes resulted in a significant increase of soil loss estimates through RUSLE. In the Centro research area soil losses greater than 10 t ha−1 yr−1 were estimated to occur in 57% of the area in 1990, increasing as a result of land use change to 64% in 2006. In the Alentejo research area this change was from 65% in 1990 to 72% in 2006. The research raises questions regarding land use management, in relation to the Common Agriculture Policy support during the 1986–2006 period. Despite the increase in forest and permanent grassland areas, soil loss rates remain very high in the two research areas.

Nest predation has been established as a leading source of reproductive failure in songbirds. Numerous studies, conducted primarily in the Northern Hemisphere, have linked high rates of nest predation with fragmentation and habitat edges. To date, virtually no such studies have been conducted in Tropical Africa. Here we investigate the effects of disturbance level and edge on depredation of artificial avian nests in six fragments of Kakamega Forest, Kenya. We found that nest losses were higher at the edge than in the interior as often reported in previous studies. Surprisingly, nest predation was highest in the least disturbed fragments. One possible explanation for these findings is that top predators are missing from Kakamega Forest, allowing nest predator populations to increase in all fragments, while in the highly disturbed fragments, domestic dogs might be surrogates for top predators. Alternatively, human activity may itself lead to a decline in mesopredator populations.

Improvements in both knowledge and actions are required to realize the conservation and sustainable use of intertidal mudflats and saltmarshes in the UK, specifically in terms of decision-making. The research presented in this paper constructed a timeline of events pertaining to the conservation and sustainable use of intertidal mudflats and saltmarshes in the Solent from the perspective of those involved, in order to establish what is actually happening, why, how, and by who. The evidence demonstrates an abundance of research and consultation for legislation and policy development purposes, with a relative lack of practice to actively conserve and sustainably use intertidal mudflats and saltmarshes. The majority of the events identified in this study indirectly influenced the conservation and sustainable use of intertidal mudflats and saltmarshes, and were primarily concerned with some other purpose, such as coastal flooding and erosion risk management, and dock development. Research, legislation and policy, and practice are interconnected in a complex web, with changes in one domain being reflected in another. Yet despite the significant investment in research and consultation processes by many people over numerous years, no clear end point appears to have been reached in terms of realizing intertidal mudflat and saltmarsh conservation and sustainable use. Based on the findings of this study, it is imperative that further in-depth studies be undertaken in order to identify and evaluate changes to improve the decision-making process through which more informed, timely decisions and more effective, concerted actions to conserve and sustainably use intertidal mudflats and saltmarshes can be taken. The concepts and methods applied in this study are transferable to other complex decision-making situations in the UK and elsewhere.

Hurricanes Jova and Patricia were the first hurricanes in recent history to make landfall on the tropical dry forest ecosystem of the Pacific coast of Mexico. We examined the resilience of soil N and P availability and organic matter decomposition to the effects of both hurricanes in pastures, successional fields and old-growth forests of this region. We evaluated resistance by comparing measurements made before and after each hurricane. We also examined temporal trends to test if variables non-resistant to Jova recovered during the four-year period between both hurricanes. We considered resilient those variables that either showed resistance or were not resistant but showed recovery. We hypothesized that decomposition and soil nutrient availability would increase shortly due to the massive incorporation of high-quality decomposing materials after both hurricanes, especially under land covers with more woody vegetation, and return to pre-hurricane values within a couple of years. Our tests showed that most variables measured were not resistant to either hurricane and that the direction or magnitude of change sometimes differed between hurricanes. There was a fourfold increase in soil available N after hurricane Jova and a twofold increase after hurricane Patricia. Soil available P changed little over the entire period. Total litter stocks resisted hurricane passage and differed only among land covers whereas litter C, N and P stocks changed with the hurricane and became more similar in all land covers over the following three years. The soil N peak caused a decrease in the C:N and N:P ratios in the litter produced from the leaf flush some months after Hurricane Jova. This decrease was measured, however, only two years after hurricane Jova in total accumulated litter. Decomposition rates of local recent litter decreased after hurricane Jova and increased after hurricane Patricia but recovered within two years after hurricane Jova. Decomposition of a standard material in all sites, used as a control, showed a decreasing trend suggesting a continuous reduction in decomposer activity after hurricane Jova. Overall there were smaller differences among land covers than we had expected and their inter-annual fluctuations in most variables were surprisingly similar. We conclude that nutrient availability and decomposition were in general not resistant but returned to pre-hurricane levels within the four years between hurricane Jova and hurricane Patricia. Therefore, these ecosystem functions seemed resilient, at least to hurricane Jova.

Freshwater wetlands support diverse and unique species assemblages, but the contribution of the smallest of these habitats to regional biodiversity continues to be underestimated, particularly within managed forests. We assessed and compared the richness, abundance, and diversity of herpetofauna at five small isolated wetlands (0.38–1.06 ha) imbedded within a commercial forest landscape in the South Carolina Coastal Plain. Continuous drift fences with pitfall traps that completely encircled the wetlands were used to sample entering and exiting herpetofauna. We also deployed coverboards to sample herpetofauna in the adjacent uplands. We captured 9186 individuals of 56 species (20 amphibians, 36 reptiles) from the five wetlands combined between 1996 and 1998. Although species richness and community composition were similar at the five sites, we found significant differences in herpetofaunal abundance and diversity among wetlands. These differences did not vary with wetland size but were related to environmental and habitat attributes of the surrounding upland stands. Amphibian abundance was positively correlated with basal area of upland conifers but negatively correlated with presence and size of hardwoods, relationships that appeared to be partially influenced by previous stand management. Amphibian diversity (H′) increased with conifer diameter but decreased with increasing distance to nearest wetland. Reptile diversity was negatively correlated with upland canopy closure. Our data indicate that small isolated wetlands are focal points of herpetofaunal richness and abundance in managed coastal plain forests and contribute more to regional biodiversity than is implied by their small size or ephemeral hydrology. By incorporating small wetland values and functions into planning objectives, forest managers can significantly enhance the contribution of extensive young-growth forests to regional conservation of biodiversity.

The quantitative liana inventories made in five peninsular Indian independent forest sites, distributed in the Western Ghats, Eastern Ghats and on the Coromandel coast, were examined particularly with reference to site altitude and forest stature. Liana diversity totaled 148 species in 101 genera of 47 families, in a total sample of 47 ha. The coefficient of variability in species distribution among the five sites was used to identify an oligarchy in liana species by taking 55 abundant species from the species pool. Ordination analysis, based on presence–absence as well as relative density of liana species indicated a geographical differentiation among the five sites in both the ordinations with respect to site altitude. Liana density (stems>1.6 cm diameter) decreased with increasing altitude, whereas richness was highest at intermediate elevations. The mean liana density across the forest sites showed a weak negative correlation with forest stature. The lianas encountered in the five study sites fell under six climber types, of which twining was the chief climbing mechanism, both in terms of species diversity and density, and tendril climbers were more abundant in dry evergreen forests than in the wet evergreen forests. In liana diaspore dispersal modes, the majority of evergreen forest species possessed animal dispersal guilds, whereas wind-dispersal was prevalent in semi-evergreen and dry evergreen forests.

Some snakes are highly vulnerable to extinction due to several life history traits. However, the elusive behavior and secretive habits of some widespread species constrain the collection of demographic and ecological data necessary for the identification of extinction-prone species. In this scenario, the enhancement of ecological modelling techniques in Geographical Information Systems (GIS) is providing researchers with robust tools to apply to such species. This study has identified the environmental factors that limit the current distribution of Vipera latastei, a species with secretive behavior, and has evaluated how human activities affect its current conservation status, identifying areas of best habitat suitability in the Iberian Peninsula. Ecological-niche factor analysis (ENFA) indicated low marginality (0.299) and high tolerance (0.887) scores, suggesting strong tendency for the species to live in average conditions throughout the study area and to inhabit any of the environmental conditions. The analysis also revealed that this viper tends to select particular Mediterranean habitats, although topographic factors (altitude and slope) were the major environmental constraints for the Iberian distribution pattern of the species. The presence of other parapatric viper species in the north of the Iberian Peninsula (V. aspis and V. seoanei) and two human-related variables (landscape transformation and human density) also had a negative relation with the occurrence of V. latastei. All factors can explain its absence in northern Iberia and its fragmented distribution as currently is found mostly in mountains and relatively undisturbed low-altitude areas. The historical destruction and alteration of natural Mediterranean habitats and several life-history traits of the species contribute to its vulnerability to extinction. The ENFA analysis proved to be an outstanding method to evaluate the factors that limit the distribution range of secretive and widespread species such as V. latastei, updating evaluation of their conservation status.

Using case studies and concepts we suggest that constraints upon aggregate or global forest transition are significantly more severe than those upon local forest reversals. The basic reason is that one region's reversal can be facilitated by other regions that supply resources and goods, reducing the demands upon the region where forests rise. Many past forest reversals involve such interdependence. For ‘facilitating regions’ also to rise in forest requires other changes, since they will not be receiving such help. We start by discussing forest-transitions analysis within the context of Environmental Kuznets Curves (EKCs), for a useful typology of possible shifts underlying transitions. We then consider the historical Northeast US where a regional reversal was dramatic and impressive. Yet this depended upon agricultural price shocks, due to the Midwest US supplying food, and also upon the availability of timber from other US regions. Next we consider deforestation in Amazônia, whose history (like the Northeast US) suggests a potential local role for urbanization, i.e. spatial concentration of population. Yet inter-regional issues again are crucial. For cattle and soy, expansion of global demands may give to Amazonia a role more like the Midwest than the Northeast US. In addition, across-region interdependencies will help determine where reversal and facilitation occur. Finally we discuss the constraints upon very broad forest transition.

The keynote paper by Garrett Hardin 44 years ago introduced the term ‘tragedy of the commons’ into our language (Hardin, 1968); this term is now used widely, but it is neither universally accepted nor fully understood. Irrespective, the ‘tragedy of the commons’ is an increasing reality for more than 500 million people that rely on the biodiversity resources and services of tropical coral reefs, mangrove forests, seagrass beds and associated fisheries. These natural resources continue to decline despite major advances in our scientific understanding of how ecosystems and human populations interact, and the application of considerable conservation and management efforts at scales from local user communities to oceans. Greater effort will be required to avert increasing damage from over-exploitation, pollution and global climate change; all deriving from increasing exploitation driven by poverty and progress i.e. continuing to expand development indefinitely and extraction of resources at industrial scales. However, the ‘tragedy’ concept has been widely criticized as a simple metaphor for a much larger set of problems and solutions. We argue that the ‘tragedy’ is essentially real and will continue to threaten the lives of millions of people unless there are some major moral and policy shifts to reverse increasing damage to coastal habitats and resources. We agree with the conclusion by Hardin that the solution to the tragedy will not be through the application of natural sciences, but via implementing exceedingly difficult and controversial moral decisions. An extreme example of a moral and controversial direction suggested by Hardin was in re-examining the ‘freedom to breed’ as an inherent human value. The need for ‘moral decisions’ is even greater in 2012.

n analyzing hydrologic consequences of climate change, we previously found declining annual discharges of rivers that drain the hydrographic apex of North America, the Rocky Mountain headwaters region for adjacent streams flowing to the Arctic, Atlantic and Pacific oceans. In this study we investigated historic changes in seasonal patterns of streamflows, by comparing mean monthly flows and analyzing cumulative hydrographs over the periods of record of about a century. We tested predictions of change due to winter and spring warming that would increase the proportion of rain versus snow, and alter snow accumulation and melt. We analyzed records from 14 free-flowing, snow-melt dominated rivers that drained relatively pristine parks and protected areas, thus avoiding the effects of river damming, flow regulation, or watershed development. The collective results indicated that: (1) winter flows (especially March) were often slightly increased, (2) spring run-off and (3) peak flows occurred earlier, and most substantially, (4) summer and early autumn flows (July–October) were considerably reduced. The greatest changes were observed for the rivers draining the east-slope of the Rocky Mountains toward the northern prairies and Hudson Bay, with late summer flow decline rates of about 0.2%/year. This would have considerable ecological impact since this is the warm and dry period when evaporative demand is maximal and reduced instream flows would reduce riparian groundwater recharge, imposing drought stress on floodplain forests. In combination with the decline in annual discharge, earlier peaks and reduced summer flows would provide chronic stress on riparian cottonwoods and willows and especially restrict seedling recruitment. We predict a loss of floodplain forests along some river reaches, the narrowing of forest bands along other reaches, and increased vulnerability of these ecosystems to other impacts including livestock grazing, encroachment of upland vegetation, and weed invasion.

Fragmentation of landscapes and the loss of species’ habitat by the expansion and intensification of human land use are major threats to global biological diversity, making it important to quantitatively characterize species’ distributions and resource requirements at multiple spatial scales. To examine the impact of landscape structure on the distribution of forest-dwelling bats, we examined the effects of these factors on the distribution and activity patterns of tri-colored bats (Perimyotis subflavus) in Nova Scotia, Canada. In Nova Scotia maternity colonies of the tri-colored bat use clumps of Usnea spp. lichen for roosting, typically in mature spruce trees. In 2005 and 2006, we used Anabats to assess tri-colored bat activity at 90 river sites in southwest Nova Scotia. The results of echolocation monitoring indicate that the tri-colored bat occurs within a minimum area of 10,020 km2. The best landscape predictor of the magnitude of tri-colored activity was non-forested land area within commuting distance of survey sites, suggesting that tri-colored bats were less active in landscapes where forests are cleared for agriculture, settlements and timber production. Therefore, this is an example of a forest-associated bat that seems to be negatively impacted by landscape practices that reduce the spatial extent of forests.

Tree crown growth reflects many aspects of the species’ life history. It was postulated that the potential for a pioneer species to invade a deforested area, or maintain a viable population in a forest under intermediate disturbance regime, is related to the tree trunk growth rates, patterns of crown construction, as well as the ability to regenerate broken branches. We investigated if Mabea fistulifera Mart. (Euphorbiaceae) crown architecture and tree allometry varies in two contrasted environments in a secondary fragment of Atlantic rainforest: forest edge and interior. First, we described the development of crown architecture by following the growth of the crown in 15 young individuals, with special attention to growth and branching models and to the morphologic differentiation of axes. Secondly, allometric differences in crown construction patterns between environments were studied by quantifying 10 traits in 20 individuals from each environment. Nozeran architectural model was found, a process of parenchymatization of the terminal meristem and a tier of branches form distally followed by an orthotropic shoot forming the next relay axis. This results in modular sympodial branching and polyaxial morphology of branches, allowing this tree species to occupy different environments by quick expansion wherever light availability is higher, towards the upper canopy (forest interior) or towards one side (forest edge). Crown asymmetry occurred towards border sunlit spaces or in response to inner canopy openings caused by hilly topography. Crown structure and growth patterns here found are suitable for a pioneer species adapted to intermediate disturbance regime.

Wildfires are an important component of the terrestrial carbon cycle and one of the main pathways for movement of carbon from the land surface to the atmosphere. Fires have received much attention in recent years as potential catalysts for shifting landscapes from carbon sinks to carbon sources. Unless structural or functional ecosystem shifts occur, net carbon balance in fire-adapted systems at steady state is zero when assessed over the entire post-fire successional sequence and at landscape scales. When evaluated at fine spatial scales and over short periods of time, however, wildfires may seem to release more carbon to the atmosphere than remains on site. Measurements of wildfire carbon emissions are thus highly biased by the spatial and temporal scales that bound them, and may over- or under-estimate carbon source-sink dynamics that provide critical feedbacks to the climate system. This synthesis paper provides a description of the ecological drivers of wildfires and carbon in forested ecosystems across the spatial and temporal scales at which system drivers (e.g., climate, weather), behaviors (e.g., wildfire occurrence, spread, intensity), and resulting patterns (e.g., vegetation composition and structure, carbon emissions) occur and interact. Improved understanding of these relationships is critical if we are to anticipate and respond to major changes in the global earth system expected in the coming decades and centuries.

More than two third area of our planet is covered by oceans and assessment of marine biodiversity is a challenging task. With the increasing global population, there is a tendency to exploit marine resources for food, energy and other requirements. This puts pressure on the fragile marine environment and necessitates sustainable conservation efforts. Marine species identification using traditional taxonomical methods is often burdened with taxonomic controversies. Here we discuss the comparatively new concept of DNA barcoding and its significance in marine perspective. This molecular technique can be useful in the assessment of cryptic species which is widespread in marine environment and linking the different life cycle stages to the adult which is difficult to accomplish in the marine ecosystem. Other advantages of DNA barcoding include authentication and safety assessment of seafood, wildlife forensics, conservation genetics and detection of invasive alien species (IAS). Global DNA barcoding efforts in the marine habitat include MarBOL, CeDAMar, CMarZ, SHARK-BOL, etc. An overview on DNA barcoding of different marine groups ranging from the microbes to mammals is revealed. In conjugation with newer and faster techniques like high-throughput sequencing, DNA barcoding can serve as an effective modern tool in marine biodiversity assessment and conservation.

The first record of Antipathella subpinnata (Ellis and Solander, 1786) for the Azores archipelago is presented based on bottom longline by-catch analysis and ROV seafloor surveys, extending the species western-most boundary of distribution in the NE Atlantic. The species was determined using classic taxonomy and molecular analysis targeting nuclear DNA. Although maximum spine height on Azorean colonies branchlets is slightly smaller than that reported from Mediterranean colonies (0.12 vs 0.16 mm), the analysis of partial 18S rDNA, complete ITS1, 5.8S, ITS2 and partial 28S rDNA suggests that the Azorean and Mediterranean specimens belong to the same species. Video surveys of an A. subpinnata garden detected near Pico Island are used to provide the first in situ description of the species habitat in the region and the first detailed description of a black coral garden in the NE Atlantic. With A. subpinnata being the only coral found between 150 and 196 m depths, this is the deepest black coral garden recorded in the NE Atlantic and the first one to be monospecific. The species exhibited a maximum density of 2.64 colonies/m2 and occurred across a surface area estimated at 67,333 m2, yielding a local population estimate of 50,500 colonies.

Abies alba is one of the major European mountain forest species for which a gene resource conservation network exists in France. However, scattered populations from southwestern Alps (southeastern France) are poorly represented in this network. Using a sample of 16 populations, two of which are already included in the network, the structural pattern of genetic diversity was investigated to help decide whether additional populations should be included in the conservation network. Traits were analyzed using both seeds and progenies of selected trees from natural stands (19–43 per stand) grown 4 years in nursery. The southwestern Alpine regional resource was structured into three ecological groups: Sub-Mediterranean Alps, Intermediate Alps and Ligurian Alps. Multivariate analyses were used to compare phytoecological distribution and variability of adaptive and non-adaptive traits. The following traits were analyzed: (i) isozyme diversity of open-pollinated seeds harvested from the stands (seven variables), (ii) mean monoterpene composition of original stands using nursery test progenies (seven variables) and (iii) growth, bud phenology and drought resistance traits using nursery test progenies (nine variables). The 3-group ecological diversity can be relatively well-explained by terpene data but not by isozyme or adaptive trait data. Synthetic variables generated from grouped original data concur with the ecological pattern. Most adaptive trait variability was found within populations, which indicates that selective forces operate at the micro-geographical level. This study suggests a lack of representative populations for the Abies alba genetic conservation network both in Ligurian and Sub-Mediterranean Alpine ecological group. It also suggests that due to isolation, the scattered Sub-Mediterranean ecological group has less non-adaptive genetic diversity and may require additional conservation focus.

Zoo animal collections have gone through a variety of changes in recent decades. While an increasing number of species may be establishing self-sustainable populations, early specimens of some animal groups were captured and transported in wasteful and unacceptable methods, a part of history that should not be forgotten. Selection of species has shifted from individual to group decision-making processes, reflecting a different type of personnel now in charge. The fact remains, however, that zoos continue to present a popularity-driven, skewed representation of the animal kingdom to the public. Wildlife conservation has been one of the main purposes for zoos as well as zoo associations, both in Europe and America. In actuality, the concept of conservation is subject to individual interpretation and this is where a clear definition of the zoos’ role could become rather vague. An important and worthwhile task for zoos is conservation education. To counteract deep-rooted anthropomorphism in the public's mind is not easy, yet it is a necessary step to raise citizens’ environmental awareness. The ultimate results of conservation education include changing daily habits, as well as participation in grass-roots conservation movements, by citizens.

Managing and monitoring forest biodiversity is challenging and rapid habitat assessment protocols should be developed to provide us with general key features based on field data.A rapid habitat assessment protocol was implemented over a wide forest gradient in France to analyze surrogacy patterns and performance consistency of presumed key attributes for saproxylic beetle diversity (large trees, microhabitat-bearing trees with trunk cavities, fruiting bodies of saproxylic fungi, tree crown deadwood and sap runs, large logs and snags) and of stand openness. Data compiled in this study include standardized deadwood and window-flight trapped beetle data from 313 plots in oak, lowland and highland beech, lowland pine, highland spruce–fir and mixed temperate forests throughout France.The most structuring factors for species richness and composition of saproxylic beetles were the density of cavity- or fungus-bearing trees and of snags, as well as the degree of openness in the 1-ha surrounding the stand. These key habitat features were nevertheless inconsistent over the different types of temperate forests, and for rare species vs. all species combined. No one variable robustly explained variations in species richness in the deciduous or conifer forest types.The influence of deadwood and “habitat trees” was affected by meso- and micro-climatic features. A significant effect of stand openness on saproxylic beetles was observed both in deciduous and in conifer forests, but only in lowlands. Effects on species richness due to an interaction between substrate availability and openness were observed in montane forests only.Our results point toward the relevance of ecological attributes in tracking changes in saproxylic beetle biodiversity in specific forest contexts, but our study failed to identify any universal structural biodiversity indicators which could be surveyed in part with data from national forest inventories and used to track progress in sustainable forest management or in the protection of sensitive areas.

Populations of a number of taxa associated with shrublands, early-successional forests, and other disturbance-generated habitats (collectively referred to as thickets) are declining in the northeastern United States. To assure that species dependent on thicket habitats persist, intervention is warranted. However, conservationists concerned with the status of thicket-dependent species are confronted with two important questions. How much habitat is needed? And how should these habitats be distributed? Natural disturbance regimes have been recommended as a baseline that managers should consider while providing thicket habitats. Within the Northeast, historic disturbance regimes varied substantially among forest types. Coastal regions were characterized by extensive barrens where regular and often times large-scale disturbances that resulted in >15% of the area being covered by regenerating forest stands. Among inland forests, natural disturbances were usually small and resulted in seedling-sapling stands and beaver (Castor canadensis) impoundments covering <6% of the area. Under these conditions, thicket-affiliated species were probably distributed in small, disjunct populations that shifted in space and time. Current efforts to maintain thicket habitats must deal with a range of current land-uses and a legacy of historic uses. Additionally, the effectiveness of management protocols that mimic natural disturbances is limited among many forests. Increasing ownership parcelization, a relatively young forest, and landscape fragmentation substantially reduce the practicality and suitability of small-scale disturbances for generating thicket habitats. Large, clustered patches may be more practical and beneficial, especially in urbanized landscapes. In rural areas, silvicultural manipulations should be applied on a “sliding scale” relative to forest age. Timber harvests that emulate the range of variability of natural disturbances may become appropriate in these areas as forest stands mature. Addressing the needs of thicket-dependent species in the northeastern United States will require creativity, a willingness to explore a variety of solutions, and public support.

Javan langur (Presbytis comata) is grouped into one of priority species for conservation. However, little is known about the distribution of the population that can support conservation effort. The research is identify the distribution of Javan langur based on village administrative area, distance of group encounter to nearest settlement and roadway, and altitude, as well as habitat types used in Kuningan District, West Java Provinces. We interviewed residents of forest villages to gather information on population occurrence, followed by making line transects in each village based on the result of the interviews, then noted habitat type every 100 m along the transect and encountering point of group of Javan langur as well as the coordinates of encountering. The data obtained were analyzed descriptively and by using both chi-square test and Bonferroni's procedure to determine the preferences of habitat types used. The study found that Javan langur populations are distributed in 34 forest villages. The closest distance Javan langur were recorded at 9.32 meters from the settlement and 3.24 meters from the road. Its distribution ranging from 255-1254 meters asl. Land cover types used were natural forest, mixed-garden, homogenous timber plantation (pine, teak, mahagoni and rosewood forest), and transition areas (natural forest to mixed garden and pine forest to natural forest or mixed garden), but natural forest was preferred. We conclude that Javan langur population can still be found in several locations in lowland, hills, natural forest and plantation forest that have diverse vegetation, including those adjacent to settlement.

Trophodynamic parameters have been used as input data for trophic models and are used as indicators to support ecosystem management decisions. To understand the ecosystems' trophic structure and functioning, it is important to identify the major primary carbon sources within a food web. This study aimed to investigate the spatial and temporal variability in isotopic composition of the basal sources of the food web of the Araçá Bay (23°49′S; 45°24′W) ecosystem. This site is a sheltered tidal flat and presents a sharp seasonal change in water temperature and salinity. Samples of 15 basal sources were analysed for δ13C (n = 187) and δ15N (n = 180) values and also for the C:N ratio, in January–March (austral summer) and June–July (austral winter) 2013, in the continental, intertidal (mangrove patches and soft and rocky bottoms) and sublittoral regions. The isotope values and C:N ratios were, in general, in the range of those available in previously published studies. C3 and C4 plants, green macroalgae and surface sediment organic matter (SSOM) did not present significant changes in the δ13C and δ15N values with time. For suspended particulate matter (SPM), microphytobenthos (MPB) and turf-forming algae, δ13C values were higher in the summer than in the winter; also in the summer, red macroalgae showed higher δ15N values. Spatial variability was investigated for SPM, SSOM and MPB. δ13C values were significantly higher for SSOM and MPB in the intertidal region than in the sublittoral but for SPM there was no difference among regions. Values of δ15N were higher for MPB in the intertidal region than in the sublittoral, and were higher for SPM in the sublittoral region than in the intertidal and continental regions. The δ13C associated to C:N values of SSOM indicated a coupling of the marine sublittoral region and the land organic matter of an adjacent island and the SPM δ15N variability pointed out a continental land-sea connection. Some mechanisms could explain the isotopic temporal and spatial shifts and sources of organic C in the study area: the seasonality of hydrodynamics and of phytoplankton size structures and biomass; the steady low concentration of nitrate and the episodic ammonia inputs; terrestrial runoff. Our results can contribute to the construction and understanding of a trophic model of the Araçá Bay ecosystem, and also for its management, considering the seasonal hydrodynamics, the coupling of marine sublittoral region in the São Sebastião channel and terrestrial organic matter from São Sebastião Island, as well as the continental land-sea connection. We suggest a monitoring program based on SPM, bottom detritus and Ulva fasciata, important primary organic sources for the Araçá Bay food web.

our Japanese forest green tree frogs (Rhacophorus arboreus) were presented with emaciation, abdominal distention and ulcerative and nodular cutaneous lesions affecting the brisket, limbs, digits and ventral abdomen. Another three frogs had been found dead in the same tank 1 year previously. Necropsy examination of these seven frogs revealed splenomegaly and hepatomegaly, with multiple tan–yellow nodular foci present in the liver, spleen, heart, lungs, ovaries and kidneys. Microscopically, five frogs had necrosis and surrounding granulomatous inflammation in the liver, spleen, kidneys, lungs, intestine and ovaries, with numerous acid-fast bacilli in the areas of necrosis. Two frogs had granulomatous lesions in the lungs, liver, spleen, heart, coelomic membrane, stomach and intestinal wall. These lesions had no or minimal necrosis and few acid-fast bacilli. Mycobacterium spp. was cultured from three frogs and identified as Mycobacterium marinum by colony growth rate and photochromogenicity and DNA sequencing. This is the first report of M. marinum infection in Japanese forest green tree frogs.

Functional traits associated with plant-animal interactions are essential for forest functionality, given that a higher diversity of fruit traits is likely to maintain a more diverse assemblage of frugivores and consequently promote the seed dispersal function. Yet, shade-intolerant species tend to persist in human-modified landscapes in the long term, which in turn is expect to reduce fruit trait diversity. Here we evaluate how forest cover at the landscape-scale influences the functional diversity of fruit traits, considering the zoochoric tree community and two regeneration strategies separately (shade-tolerant and shade-intolerant species). We sampled 20 forest remnants in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, located in landscapes with forest cover ranging from 2 to 93%. In each remnant, we established five plots of 25 × 4 m and marked all trees ≥5 cm diameter at breast height (DBH). We compared morphological and chemical attributes of fleshy fruits directly related to the attraction of frugivores, and evaluated the similarity of the zoochoric tree assemblage composition along the forest cover gradient, taking into account the two regeneration strategies. We calculated four functional indices (richness, evenness, divergence, and community-level weighted means of trait values) and used either linear models or spatial mixed linear models to evaluate the effects of forest cover on functional diversity. Our main results revealed that forest cover loss has negatively affected fruit functional diversity for the overall zoochoric community. Forest cover loss also affected functional richness and functional eveness for total and shade-tolerant species, and was positively correlated with the content of protein and lipid in fruits of shade-intolerant species. Additionally, sites exhibiting a lower amount of forest cover showed greater compositional similarity among shade-intolerant species but reduced similarity among shade-tolerant species. We conclude that patterns of species reassembly triggered by landscape-scale deforestation decreases the capacity of the remaining forest for provisioning food resources for frugivore assemblages. The maintenance of shade-tolerant species is pivotal in deforested areas, since their fruit quality is not offset by shade-intolerant species. This is particularly important, mainly because shade-intolerant species are those still persisting in disturbed forests; however, their presence will not provide the same food quality supplied by those species lost.

Forests cover much of the earth’s surface and are regularly logged. Well established ecological theory predicts, and the results of extensive silvicultural studies demonstrate the role of disturbance in maintaining species richness in forests; however, logging and other human initiated disturbance is often credited with the degradation of forest ecosystems throughout the world. Presented here are the results of a meta-analysis of 19 published studies investigating 25 distinct paired human-disturbed and primary forests in the tropical and temperate biomes. Regardless of whether studies were grouped across biomes or considered independently, the current literature indicates a significant reduction in tree species richness following logging. While the reasons for this reduction in richness are as diverse as the forests considered here, some common themes are clear. Although logging may increase the richness of early successional tree species, it also tends to reduce the richness of late successional trees. This occurs both through the altering biotic and abiotic processes regulating resource availability and through size-class and species based selection biases common in logging. Logging also makes primary forests more accessible, setting the stage for a chronic human disturbance cycle.

Concern regarding the impacts of continued nitrogen and sulfur deposition on ecosystem health has prompted the development of critical acid load assessments for forest soils. A critical acid load is a quantitative estimate of exposure to one or more pollutants at or above which harmful acidification-related effects on sensitive elements of the environment occur. A pollutant load in excess of a critical acid load is termed exceedance. This study combined a simple mass balance equation with national-scale databases to estimate critical acid load and exceedance for forest soils at a 1-km2 spatial resolution across the conterminous US. This study estimated that about 15% of US forest soils are in exceedance of their critical acid load by more than 250 eq ha−1 yr−1, including much of New England and West Virginia. Very few areas of exceedance were predicted in the western US.

Wildfires have the potential to change the physico-chemical characteristics of soils, and further research is required to establish the nature, extent and duration of these impacts. The extent to which the impacts of wildfires differ from the more frequently studied prescribed burns is an active area of investigation with serious implications for landscape managers and conservation biologists. Here, we take advantage of multiple large wildfires which occurred in vulnerable upland habitats of conservation importance, to measure in-situ differences in soil conditions between burnt and unburnt areas ca. 1.5 years and 3.5 years after fires. There were no detectable differences in pH, total nitrogen, total carbon, potassium or magnesium concentrations between burnt and unburnt locations 15–18 months after wildfires, suggesting that these were either unaffected by the fires, or more likely, as suggested by previous research, had exhibited transient differences immediately after the wildfires which had returned to baseline conditions within 1.5 years. By contrast, burnt and unburnt locations differed with respect to phosphorus and calcium concentrations which remained elevated up to 3.5 years post-fire. Calcium concentrations remained greater in burnt plots across all three habitat types, whilst available phosphorus concentrations remained elevated in blanket bog but returned to the same level as unburnt control plots in wet and dry heath. Taken together, our findings suggest that there is the potential for wildfires to have longer-lasting effects on phosphorus and calcium concentrations in some temperate European Annex I habitats of conservation concern, particularly blanket bog, than previously expected based on results of studies of experimental burning or wildfires in other habitat types. The magnitude and duration of fire impacts on soils depends largely on the environmental and meteorological characteristics of the region. Hence, this study highlights the need for more research across a broader range of sites taking advantage of unexpected wildfires, to assess the extent to which their impacts may differ between habitat types and from those of experimental or controlled burning.

Socio-cultural surveys were carried out on the basis of a questionnaire administered on 346 respondents in order to investigate cultural and ethnobotanic uses of Milicia excelsa in Benin.M. excelsa contributes to cure 45 human diseases. The different parts of the tree used are leaves (30.3%), bark (25.8%), root (23.6%), latex (10.1%), flaking bark (6.7%), wood, calcium concentrated in old trees, and gum (1.1% each). Fruits or seeds are rarely used. Six different forms of utilization were recorded: soaking (46.3%), bark or leaves decoction (32.8%), herb tea (11.9%), powder (6.0%), leaves or bark grounded and rolled up into ball (1.5%), component of offering to fetish (1.5%). Iroko wood is also used in carpentry and joinery for construction purposes; furniture as well as for building boats/canoes.Iroko tree is used as the conservatory of cultural values and incarnates many divinities, which differ significantly from one province to another (χ2 = 1830.27; d.f. = 25; P < 0.01%). There is a significant difference between the provinces in respect of the recognition of the species (χ2 = 268.71; d.f. = 17; P ≤ 0.01%) and the population awareness about iroko as a sacred tree also varied from one province to another (χ2 = 308.66; d.f. = 27; P ≤ 0.01%).Veneration of the tree is the main approach of its conservation by local people. M. excelsa is conserved on farm, in sacred groves, in public places and in cemeteries. The different sacred objects used to symbolize the divinities incarnated by iroko are: pottery (36.36%), iron (11.11%), calabash (4.04%), candle (2.02%), piece of cloth (18.18%), sacrifice (13.13%), piece of money (3.0%), stone (2.05%), glassware (broken bottle, 2.02%), and convent (8.08%). There is a highly significant difference between provinces as far as the sacred objects are concerned (χ2 = 183.037; d.f. = 19 and P < 0.001%). The conservation purposes also vary significantly from one region to other (χ2 = 894.47; d.f. = 31; P < 0.01%).

The 90,674 wildland fires that burned 2.9 million ha at an estimated suppression cost of $1.6 billion in the United States during the 2000 fire season demonstrated that forest fuel loading has become a hazard to life, property, and ecosystem health as a result of past fire exclusion policies and practices. The fire regime at any given location in these regions is a result of complex interactions between forest biomass, topography, ignitions, and weather. Forest structure and biomass are important aspects in determining current and future fire regimes. Efforts to quantify live and dead forest biomass at the local to regional scale has been hindered by the uncertainty surrounding the measurement and modeling of forest ecosystem processes and fluxes. The interaction of elevated CO2 with climate, soil nutrients, and other forest management factors that affect forest growth and fuel loading will play a major role in determining future forest stand growth and the distribution of species across the southern United States. The use of satellite image analysis has been tested for timely and accurate measurement of spatially explicit land use change and is well suited for use in inventory and monitoring of forest carbon. The incorporation of Landsat Thematic Mapper data coupled with a physiologically based productivity model (PnET), soil water holding capacity, and historic and projected climatic data provides an opportunity to enhance field plot based forest inventory and monitoring methodologies. We use periodic forest inventory data from the USDA Forest Service's Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) project to obtain estimates of forest area and type to generate estimates of carbon storage for evergreen, deciduous, and mixed forest classes for use in an assessment of remotely sensed forest cover at the regional scale for the southern United States. The displays of net primary productivity (NPP) generated from the PnET model show areas of high and low forest carbon storage potential and their spatial relationship to other landscape features for the southern United States. At the regional scale, predicted annual NPP in 1992 ranged from 836 to 2181 g/m2/year for evergreen forests and 769–2634 g/m2/year for deciduous forests with a regional mean for all forest land of 1448 g/m2/year. Prediction of annual NPP in 2050 ranged from 913 to 2076 g/m2/year for evergreen forest types to 1214–2376 g/m2/year for deciduous forest types with a regional mean for all forest land of 1659 g/m2/year. The changes in forest productivity from 1992 to 2050 are shown to display potential areas of increased or decreased forest biomass. This methodology addresses the need for spatially quantifying forest carbon in the terrestrial biosphere to assess forest productivity and wildland fire fuels.

258 bryophyte species were recorded in the 4 380 ha of the forest of Soignes (Belgium). The specific richness is artificially increased by many bryophytes not characteristic of forests such as epilithic species and weeds. In addition, certain species characteristic of ancient woodlands, like Anomodon viticulosus, Brachythecium plumosum, Homalia trichomanoides, Homalothecium sericeum, Rhizomnium punctatum, Taxiphyllum wissgrillii and Thamnobryum alopecurum were found on the concrete of the drainage network. Thus, the richness of the forest of Soignes is partly due to the ability of the bryophytes to colonize habitats of substitution. This ability suggests that the use of bryophytes as indicators of ancient woodlands must be properly tested. Two species, Ephemerum stellatum and Orthotrichum consimile, belong to the European Red List of Bryophytes, while 20 other species are considered as rare or threatened in Belgium. In addition, the forest of Soignes represents a remarkable disjunct area of distribution in Belgium for a number of other species. The distribution of species richness is patchy, ranging from 37 species·km−2 to 122 species·km−2, with an average of 70.5 species·km−2. The effects of current management practices on the bryoflora are documented, and suggestions for integrating bryophyte conservation with logging and recreation are made.

High-resolution imagery from the IKONOS satellite may be useful for many resource management applications. We assessed the utility of IKONOS imagery for applications in the mid-Atlantic region, including mapping of tree cover, impervious surface areas, and riparian buffer zone variables in relation to stream health ratings. We focused on a 1313-km2 area in central Maryland using precision-georeferenced IKONOS products. We found the IKONOS imagery to be a valuable resource for these applications, and were able to achieve map accuracies comparable to manual aerial photo interpretation. We were also able to use derived data sets for consistent assessments over areas that would be difficult to accomplish with traditional photographic mapping methods. For example, we found that a stream health rating of excellent required no more than 6% impervious cover in the watershed, and at least 65% tree cover in the riparian zone. A rating of good required less than 10% impervious and 60% tree cover. A number of issues associated with application of the IKONOS data arose, however, including logistics of image acquisition related to phenological and atmospheric conditions, shadowing within canopies and between scene elements, and limited spectral discrimination of cover types. Cost per unit area was also a nontrivial consideration for the image data products we used, but allowed us to provide valuable derived products to agencies in support of their planning and regulatory decision-making processes. We report on both the capabilities and limitations of IKONOS imagery for these varied applications.

There is general agreement regarding the importance of analysing the territories’ roles under different biodiversity management figures in order to support better decision making in the management of natural resources in tropical countries. In this study we analyse the deforestation process to address the question of whether existing strategies such as national protected areas (PAs) and indigenous reservations (IRs) are effective protecting forests in the Colombian Guyana shield. We analyse whether these territories have successfully halted deforestation and agricultural frontier expansion by comparing deforestation occurring within these areas with their surroundings from 1985 to 2002. We also evaluate the impact of roads, illicit crops, and the size of PAs and IRs on deforestation rates. The results indicate that deforestation levels along the outside borders of both management figures were almost four times higher than inside declared PAs and 1.5 times higher than in IRs. However, within IRs, the loss of forested ecosystems was approximately six times greater than inside national parks. As a whole, roads were a significant factor associated with the changes in the region, as well as the influential expansion of coca cultivation particularly outside the national parks. The size of the PAs and indigenous lands also determined their positive impact as barrier against deforestation. Our results suggest strong pressure on areas surrounding PAs, driven by economic forces such as illegal crop expansion, particularly in the last decade. Indigenous lands with small territories have suffered intensive deforestation processes since the 1980s, but changes have been less dramatic in larger areas. Today, PAs are an effective barrier to deforestation, especially given their large extension, but are still under high risk. Future management plans should consider a designed infrastructure development paired with the establishment of new indigenous reservations with minimum viable sizes in order to control accessibility, natural resources extraction, and deforestation.

Federal, state, and local governments in the United States, along with land trusts and other nonprofit organizations, have invested significant financial resources in protection of natural lands in coastal areas. As the climate changes, protected lands could provide increased resilience to coastal communities, yet climate change also poses a threat to the continued existence and healthy functioning of these ecosystems. The objectives of this research are to characterize the distribution and types of coastal protected lands in the eastern United States, estimate their exposure to sea level rise, evaluate the potential impact of this exposure on associated ecosystem services, and then discuss appropriate adaptation measures. For this, we construct an inventory of coastal protected lands in shoreline counties of US states along the Atlantic. We summarize their ownership and land cover and evaluate their exposure to a 3-foot (0.91 m) rise in sea level. We find substantial variation in the amount of lands protected in coastal shoreline counties, from a high of 34 percent in Florida to a low of 7 percent in Pennsylvania. Federal ownership is greatest in the South, whereas state ownership dominates in the Mid-Atlantic. Private groups own large shares of protected lands in Maine, New Hampshire, Delaware, and Maryland. Moving south, dominant land covers in protected areas shift from forests to wetlands. We find that one quarter of protected lands in shoreline counties will be affected by 3 feet of sea level rise, with substantial heterogeneity in exposure across states and greater impacts in southern states. Almost 50 percent of federal lands and around 25 percent of state lands will be affected. While substantial proportions of estuarine wetlands and unconsolidated shore (beaches and dunes) are currently protected and provide key coastal ecosystem services, 95 and 91 percent of these protected systems, respectively, will be affected by 3 feet of sea level rise. We discuss the potential consequences and the associated reductions in ecosystem service provisioning from sea level rise in the context of current funding and adaptation planning for conservation. We find that some of the states facing the greatest challenges are those lacking plans and funding. The large heterogeneity in ownership, land covers, and funding across states suggests that adaptation policies for coastal protected lands will need to be tailored to the local context; a one-size-fits-all approach is unlikely to be as effective.

Because agoutis (Dasyprocta sp.) and acouchies (Myoprocta sp.) are the most important dispersers of several large-seeded Amazonian trees, knowing their responses to forest fragmentation is essential and urgent. But until now, there was no study showing their population trends in Amazonian land forest fragments. The present study was conducted at the Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragments Project, Central Amazon, Brazil. Eleven sites (three fragments of 1 ha, three of 10 ha, two of 100 ha and three sites of continuous forest) were surveyed between 2003 and 2005. Agoutis and acouchies were systematically counted at each site through standard transect censuses and their densities were estimated with DISTANCE 4.1. Overall, I walked 100 km, and encountered 136 acouchies and 35 agoutis. Fragmentation had a significant negative effect on acouchies and a significant positive effect on agouti densities. Acouchy density was 0.64 ± 0.09 inds./ha (X¯±SE,N=3) in continuous forests and 0.07 ± 0.07 inds./ha in 1-ha fragments. On the other hand, agouti density was 0.16 ± 0.05 inds./ha in continuous forests and 0.71 ± 0.24 inds./ha in 1-ha fragments. This study is consistent with the idea that in fragments, larger species of mammals are initially less affected by forest fragmentation than smaller ones. More critical to conservation is the fact that acouchies, which were negatively affected by fragmentation, are restricted to the core region of the Amazonian rainforests. Continued fragmentation of Amazonian forests should have vast negative consequences for the genus.

Natura 2000, the largest protected area network worldwide, covers 18.2% of the European Union's terrestrial area. Thereby, the network surpasses the goal of the Convention on Biological Diversity's Aichi target 11 to protect 17% of the land area by 2020. However, Aichi target 11 also calls for protected area networks to be ecologically representative. Here, we analyzed the coverage of 43 ecoregions in the terrestrial Natura 2000 estate. To simulate cost-efficient closing of gaps in the current system, we applied a linear programming model that solves the minimum set conservation problem of expanding the Natura 2000 network to achieve 10% ecoregion representation. As Natura 2000 sites are designated for habitat types and species listed on the annexes of the Habitats and Birds directives, we included 226 habitat types as a further biodiversity surrogate in the optimization. We found six ecoregions that currently do not meet the 10% representation target. To close these gaps, an additional 15,187 km2 (0.35% of the European Union's land territory) would be required. Simultaneously, representation of 21 habitat types could be increased. The United Kingdom would have to contribute more than half of the additional area, followed by Estonia, Latvia, France, and Italy. To protect biodiversity effectively and to comply with international conservation targets such as Aichi target 11, we recommend continuous evaluation and improvement also of already well-established protected area networks.

With increasing CO2 in the atmosphere, there is an urgent need of reliable estimates of biomass and carbon pools in tropical forests, most especially in Africa where there is a serious lack of data. Information on current annual increment (CAI) of carbon biomass resulting from direct field measurements is crucial in this context, to know how forest ecosystems will affect the carbon cycle and also to validate eddy covariance flux measurements. Biomass data were collected from 25 plots of 13 ha spread over the different vegetation types and land uses of a moist evergreen forest of 772,066 ha in Cameroon. With site-specific allometric equations, we estimated biomass and aboveground and belowground carbon pools. We used GIS technology to develop a carbon biomass map of our study area. The CAI was estimated using the growth rates obtained from tree rings analysis. The carbon biomass was on average 264 ± 48 Mg ha−1. This estimate includes aboveground carbon, root carbon and soil organic carbon down to 30 cm depth. This value varied from 231 ± 45 Mg ha−1 of carbon in Agro-Forests to 283 ± 51 Mg ha−1 of carbon in Managed Forests and to 278 ± 56 Mg ha−1 of carbon in National Park. The carbon CAI varied from 2.54 ± 0.65 Mg ha−1 year−1 in Agro-Forests to 2.79 ± 0.72 Mg ha−1 year−1 in Managed Forests and to 2.85 ± 0.72 Mg ha−1 year−1 in National Park. This study provides estimates of biomass, carbon pools and CAI of carbon biomass from a forest landscape in Cameroon as well as an appropriate methodology to estimate these components and the related uncertainty.

Through traditional practices that typically impact the surrounding natural areas, rural communities worldwide have created and maintained landscapes forming a diverse mosaic of species-rich habitats. In Europe, where a high portion of species is dependent on the persistence of traditional rural landscapes, the progressive abandonment of agricultural activities has been often accompanied by a biodiversity decline, although the precise implications of landscape transformation for species and habitat conservation are not sufficiently well-known. This study applies ethnobiological and historical data collection methods (i.e., semi-structure interviews, participation in public meetings, literature review, and participant observation) to examine changes in traditional management practices and local perceptions of impacts on ecosystems diversity derived from the abandonment of traditional land uses in a mountain region in Spain that preserved a complex traditional farming system until the mid-20th century. Data were analysed using qualitative content analysis and quantitative data analysis methods. Our results illustrate that traditional management practices, such as hay making, pastoralism of small ruminant livestock, lopping, prescribed burns, gathering of firewood, branch beating, or beekeeping, are locally perceived as favourable to habitat diversity. Our study also reveals that local perception of landscape changes in the area dovetails with scientific information, providing further understanding of the particular ecological implications of each underlying driver of land use change identified. We conclude that the combination of local and scientific knowledge on ecological dynamics can help in the development of effective regional conservation strategies based on management practices simultaneously favourable to biodiversity and economically profitable. Our study provides evidence that rural communities can be a valuable source of information to document landscape historical dynamics and to monitor environmental changes, which might be particularly relevant for landscape-orientated conservation policies aiming to prevent the biodiversity loss resulting from the abandonment of traditional land uses.

The relationship between vegetation optical depth (VOD) retrieved by L-band SMOS radiometer and forest above ground biomass (AGB) was investigated in tropical areas of Africa and South America. VOD was retrieved from the latest version of level 2 SMOS algorithm, while reference AGB was obtained from a pantropical database, encompassing a large number of ground plot data derived from field surveys conducted on both continents. In Africa and South-America, VOD increased with AGB, reaching saturation at about 350 Mg ha−1. The strength of the relation was improved selecting VOD data in appropriate seasons, characterized by a higher dynamic range of values. The capability of VOD data to estimate AGB was further investigated using Random Forest decision trees, adding to VOD selected climate variables from the Climatic Research Unit (temperature, potential evapotranspiration, and precipitation) and water deficit data, and validating regression tests with ground data from the reference AGB database. The results for the five analyzed years indicate that the best estimates of AGB are obtained by the joined use of VOD and potential evapotranspiration input data, but all climate variables brought an improvement in AGB estimates. AGB estimates were relatively stable for the considered period, with limited variations possibly due to changes in biomass and to data quality of VOD and of climate variables. The VOD signal and estimated AGB were also analyzed according to ecological homogeneous units (ecoregions), evidencing data clusters, partially overlapped to each other, in the VOD - AGB plane.

Several studies on the potential use of drosophilid assemblages as bioindicator systems have been carried out in the last years. Nevertheless, the successful application of these organisms in these systems requires adequate filling of several knowledge gaps. In this sense, little is known about drosophilid assemblages in wetlands and flooded areas. The present study provides the first survey of drosophilid species inhabiting such environments in the extreme South of Brazil and compares general beta-diversity patterns between assemblages of flooded versus nonflooded areas. The specimens were collected with banana-baited traps, and the assemblages recovered in eight wetlands of the southernmost coast of Brazil were compared to those recovered from seven nonflooded areas of the Pampa and Atlantic Forest biomes. A total of 5028 and 2571 individuals encompassing 27 and 37 species were collected in the flooded and nonflooded areas, respectively. The differential species composition patterns presented between these areas was statistically supported, which seems to be related to the lower beta-diversity presented by swamps, especially in regard to dominance patterns. So, the open and climatically harsher environment provided by wetlands possibly constitutes a hostile environment for the entry and, mainly, for the persistence of several native Drosophilidae species, in contrast to some exotic and more plastic species (as Drosophila simulans and Zaprionus indianus). Since the diversity gradient of flooded areas does not seem to be related to the conservation status of the swamp, our results question the use of Drosophilidae species as bioindicators of environmental disturbance and antropic influence in wetlands.

A methodology for mapping ecosystems and their potential development under climate change and atmospheric nitrogen deposition was developed using examples from Germany. The methodology integrated data on vegetation, soil, climate change and atmospheric nitrogen deposition. These data were used to classify ecosystem types regarding six ecological functions and interrelated structures. Respective data covering 1961–1990 were used for reference. The assessment of functional and structural integrity relies on comparing a current or future state with an ecosystem type-specific reference. While current functions and structures of ecosystems were quantified by measurements, potential future developments were projected by geochemical soil modelling and data from a regional climate change model.The ecosystem types referenced the potential natural vegetation and were mapped using data on current tree species coverage and land use. In this manner, current ecosystem types were derived, which were related to data on elevation, soil texture, and climate for the years 1961–1990. These relations were quantified by Classification and Regression Trees, which were used to map the spatial patterns of ecosystem type clusters for 1961–1990. The climate data for these years were subsequently replaced by the results of a regional climate model for 1991–2010, 2011–2040, and 2041–2070. For each of these periods, one map of ecosystem type clusters was produced and evaluated with regard to the development of areal coverage of ecosystem type clusters over time. This evaluation of the structural aspects of ecological integrity at the national level was added by projecting potential future values of indicators for ecological functions at the site level by using the Very Simple Dynamic soil modelling technique based on climate data and two scenarios of nitrogen deposition as input. The results were compared to the reference and enabled an evaluation of site-specific ecosystem changes over time which proved to be both, positive and negative.

Identification, understanding and prediction of the factors that drive species to heightened risk of extinction are important goals for conservation, especially since few areas on the planet remain unaffected by human activities. Global extinction risk assessments of an entire family of ecologically complex marine fishes (family: Sparidae), using the International Union for Conservation of Nature Red List process, showed that 8.6% (13 species) of sparids are threatened. Intense fishing pressure and habitat destruction are the main reasons for the observed population declines. A further 7.9% (12 species) are classified as Near Threatened. The majority of the sparids (69.5%) are assessed as Least Concern, and these tended to have smaller body sizes, more widespread distributions, and shorter life spans. The remaining 21 species (13.9%) are listed as Data Deficient. In addition to presenting the first global assessment of sparid extinction risk, a Random Forest model identified correlates of extinction risk in the Sparidae using 33 biological and threat variables. The model correctly classified up to 90% of Red List category placements and showed complex interactions between intrinsic and extrinsic predictors. Larger body size was the most important predictor of extinction risk.Sparids with greater maximum sizes, ages, and turnover rates are at higher extinction risk. Conversely, lower area of occupancy and depth limit confer elevated risk. This analysis adds to the growing body of predictive extinction risk models in marine fishes and presents an opportunity to identify and mitigate threats affecting similar groups of highly-valued and ecologically important marine fishes.

We studied the composition, species richness, and relative abundance of bat assemblages in the Colombian dry forests of Chicamocha and Patía. In Chicamocha, 11 bats of the family Phyllostomidae were captured with mist-nets, corresponding to 85–100% of the potential phyllostomids species in the area. Two bats of the family Vespertilionidae were also captured in Chicamocha. In Patía, 12 species were captured with mist-nets, all Phyllostomidae, representing 72–100% of the estimated total number of species in the zone. Minor differences in number of species and composition were detected among sampling periods in Chicamocha. The most common species in this dry forest were Glossophaga longirostris and Sturnira lilium. In Patía, notable differences in the number of species and composition were observed among sampling periods, and the most common species were Artibeus jamaicensis, Carollia perspicillata and Phyllostomus discolor. Arid-zone dwelling bats were absent in Patía and we suggest that this absence may be associated with the isolation of Patía from other northern dry zones of Colombia since Quaternary times. There was also low abundance of bats in Patía, which appears to be related to human disturbance. The most abundant phyllostomid bat species in the two dry forests studied are those that include fruit and/or nectar-pollen from columnar cacti as an important proportion of their diets.

The upheaval of the northern Andes in Miocene and Pliocene time changed the drainage system in northern South America significantly and caused the present-day rain forest areas of Chocó and the Lower Magdalena Valley became separated from Amazonas. Plant diversity may have reached the highest level in the Miocene or Pliocene, and excessive present-day phytodiversity may be regarded as a legacy of the Tertiary, rather than an evolutionary product of the Quaternary. In the Quaternary strong temperature oscillations, related to the series of ice-ages, were superposed on the Late Tertiary forest dynamics, which included river displacement and latitudinal migrations of the equatorial rain belt (caloric equator) with the rhythm of the precession cycle of orbital climate forcing. The hypothesis that claims a permanent rain forest cover all over the Amazon basin during the last glacial is in contrast with the `forest refugia hypothesis', which accepts replacement of rain forest by savanna, or savanna forest, during dry climatic intervals. Both scenarios have been evidenced by pollen records. In this paper, it is suggested that both hypotheses are not necessarily conflicting and apparently did occur in different parts of the Amazon basin, and in different periods, depending on the climatological constraints. A compilation of the most important literature concerning the vegetational, climatic, and environmental history of the rain forest areas of Amazonas and Chocó, and surrounding dry ecosystems has been included.

Although the observed declines of many species of Neotropical migratory birds have been linked to losses in the wintering grounds, it is important to examine sources of mortality from all portions of the annual cycle to fully understand migratory bird declines. Forest fragmentation and the creation of new forest edges have been implicated as factors contributing to increased nest predation rates on the breeding grounds. We selected four forests with edges in suburban settings, and four forests with edges in rural settings, to determine if nest predation rates differed with human density. From 1993 to 1994 we used two types of automatic photographic systems and artificial nests baited with quail eggs to measure predation rates on ground- and shrub nests at points 20–420 m from the forest edges. Rural-edged forests experienced significantly higher nest predation rates than did suburban-edged forests. Only three species, blue jay, raccoon, and black bear, were responsible for virtually all of the predation events. While blue jays appeared to be unaffected by forest edge type, there were more bear predations in rural-edged forests and more raccoon predations in suburban-edged forests. There were no significant differences in predation rate between nest types or in species-specific rates of predation on the two nest types. We suggest that future studies of nest predation include the identification of predators to give scientists greater insight into the predation process.

Ambitious aims have been set for the ecological restoration of degraded land worldwide. The first step to reach this goal is to identify suitable areas for restoration. Here, we advocate for the restoration of roadsides, an often neglected landscape that is usually degraded. Using Brazil as an example, we calculate the potential of roadside restoration for carbon storage, and discuss other additional positive environmental impacts. We show that in Brazil more than 566 thousand hectares of roadsides along federal and state highways are potentially available for restoration. This corresponds to a sequestration of up to 55.3 million tons of carbon, representing up to US$ 26.5 billion in the carbon market. Additional benefits would include erosion control, prevention of landslides, increased landscape value, pollinator habitat provisioning, and contribution to biodiversity conservation. We push for roadside restoration for its many environmental benefits and other practical reasons: roadsides in Brazil are governmentally owned, reducing the needing for negotiations with stakeholders in proposed interventions. Roadside restoration, however, is unlikely to re-establish predisturbance ecosystem conditions in all cases, but it may significantly contribute to biodiversity conservation, for instance, by providing habitat and increasing ecological connectivity for specific taxa and biomes. Thus, the restoration of roadsides in Brazil represents an immense potential for carbon sequestration, with other important environmental benefits. Proper management is necessary, and concrete strategies and goals in restoration planning will vary among different Brazilian biomes. The restoration of these currently undervalued public lands can make the financial and environmental benefits of land restoration evident to stakeholders and thus stimulate ecological restoration.

Impacts of colonial settlement upon catchment-scale fluvial geomorphic relationships are reported for a relatively small catchment in northern Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. Structural controls have induced the type and patterns of rivers in Macaé Basin. Fault block activity has resulted in steep, incised headwater streams above the escarpment. Confined and partly confined rivers in mid-catchment reaches of the rounded foothills have limited potential for geomorphic adjustment. Fluvial, estuarine and marine sediments in low relief landscapes of the lowland plain have supported the development of meandering sand bed rivers, with many cut-and-fill (intact valley fill) deposits in tributary systems. Indigenous people exerted relatively minor, localized impacts upon the geomorphology of this river system. Portuguese settlement since the sixteenth century brought about clearance of much of the Atlantic Forest of lowland reaches, and subsequent establishment of sugar cane and coffee plantations. Lowland reaches were channelized from the 1940s-1980s for flood protection and to support the expansion of pastoral agriculture. Significant adjustments have occurred to these geomorphologically sensitive reaches. In contrast, although rivers in the rounded foothills were impacted by forest clearance, the limited availability of sediment stores along these reaches has limited the extent of geomorphic responses to human disturbance. Relatively inaccessible upland reaches were even less impacted, and are now major conservation areas. Building on principles of the River Styles framework, catchment-scale evolutionary trajectories of rivers in the Macaé Basin are assessed based on analysis of patterns of river types, their capacity for adjustment and connectivity relationships, and responses to disturbance events. From this, three future scenarios of prospective evolutionary traits are developed: a ‘steady as she goes’ scenario, an optimistic (effective, proactive management) scenario, and a ‘doomsday’ scenario.

There has been an increased interest in using sustainability indicators for evaluating the impacts of development and conservation projects. Past and recent experiences have shown that sustainability indicators can be powerful tools for measuring the outcomes of various interventions, when used appropriately and adequately. Currently, there is a range of methods for applying sustainability indicators for project impact evaluation at the environment–development interface. At the same time, a number of challenges persist which have implication for impact evaluation processes especially in developing countries. We highlight some key and recurrent challenges, using three cases from Kenya, Indonesia and Brazil.In this study, we have conducted a comparative analysis across multiple projects from the three countries, which aimed to conserve biodiversity and improve livelihoods. The assessments of these projects were designed to evaluate their positive, negative, short-term, long term, direct and indirect impacts. We have identified a set of commonly used sustainability indicators to evaluate the projects and have discussed opportunities and challenges associated with their application. Our analysis shows that impact evaluation processes present good opportunities for applying sustainability indicators. On the other hand, we find that project proponents (e.g. managers, evaluators, donors/funders) face challenges with establishing full impacts of interventions and that these are rooted in monitoring and evaluation processes, lack of evidence-based impacts, difficulties of measuring certain outcomes and concerns over scale of a range of impacts.We outline key lessons learnt from the multiple cases and propose ways to overcome common problems. Results from our analysis demonstrate practical experiences of applying sustainability indicators in developing countries context where there are different prevailing socio-economic, cultural and environmental conditions. The knowledge derived from this study may therefore be useful to a wider range of audience who are concerned with sustainable integration of development and environmental conservation.

The establishment of protected areas, such as Natura 2000, is a common approach to curbing biodiversity loss. But many of these areas are owned or managed by private actors. Policies indicate that their involvement should be encouraged to ensure long term success. However, to date there have been no systematic evaluations of whether local actor involvement in the management of protected areas does in fact contribute to the conservation of biodiversity, which is the expressed policy goal. Research incorporating both qualitative and quantitative data was carried out in three case studies in Scotland where local actor input was required in the development and/or implementation of Natura 2000 management plans. No relationship was found between the characteristics of the process of stakeholder involvement and stakeholders’ perceptions of future biodiversity outcomes. Social outcomes of increased stakeholder involvement, such as increased trust, did however increase the perceived likelihood of positive future biodiversity outcomes. The findings indicate that efforts aimed at increasing stakeholder involvement in the management of protected areas need to consider making processes more independent, and acknowledge and address underlying biodiversity conflicts. The findings also emphasise the need to evaluate multi-level conservation efforts in terms of processes, social outcomes and biodiversity outcomes.

Knowledge and attitudes of children towards wildlife and the environment were assessed through questionnaires given to 366 children in 9 schools in southwest Guyana. Children’s responses revealed that they had a general knowledge of wildlife but knew few details about specific species. Respondents thought that wildlife was important but were nonetheless tolerant of several forms of environmental exploitation. Visits by conservation organizations, Conservation International and Foster Parrots, were shown to increase appreciation of wildlife and the need to set up more protected areas, but unless programmes were concentrated and sustained they had little effect on attitudes towards environmental utilization and exploitation. Experience of the natural world in terms of owning a domestic animal or pet, having visited a zoo, or being a member of a wildlife club had little impact on children’s knowledge of wildlife and did not change attitudes to utilization and exploitation. Surprisingly, Guyanese children did not have particularly positive views about classic flagship species, such as jaguars, giant anteaters and tapirs, when compared to other species. Our findings suggest that zoos, wildlife clubs and conservation organizations could enhance the dissemination of their message through making more frequent and sustained visits, imparting more detailed knowledge, and exposing children to the potential dangers of utilization and exploitation; also that conservation organizations should reassess their use of standard flagship species in South America.

Multifunctional agroecosystems are the result of complex adaptive interactions between humans and nature where trade-offs between food production and other ecosystem services are key. Our objective is to explore the social preferences for ecosystem services, and the associated willingness to pay, in three multifunctional agroecosystem in Europe (Mediterranean, Atlantic, Alpine) under alternative agrienvironmental policy scenarios. We use the same methodology (a choice experiment including equivalent attributes and levels) to rank and estimate the economic value of provisioning, regulating, supporting and cultural ecosystem services. We define the scenarios (current situation, abandonment and enhanced management) in biophysical terms to elucidate changing relations between social perception and level of delivery of ecosystem services. We derive some lessons. i) Value of ES: biodiversity and regulating ecosystem services always produce welfare gains; people, however, perceive trade-offs between delivery of agricultural landscapes and quality food products. Nevertheless, preferences are heterogeneous and vary across regions, scenarios and ES. ii) Policymaking: society’s willingness to pay for the delivery of ecosystem service exceeds largely the current level of public support. Moreover, further abandonment and intensification of agriculture is clearly rejected by the public. iii) Methodological: monetary valuation is context dependent and extrapolation of economic values can be misleading.

The Younger Dryas (YD) is one of the most abrupt climatic events in Earth's recent history. The warming at the end of the YD, in particular, is considered to be comparable to the global warming seen in the 21st century. However, the YD termination has received little attention, particularly in the Hengduan Mountains of Southwestern China, a low latitude temperate biodiversity hotspot. Here we present evidence for a rapid response in the diversity and composition of vegetation to the warming at the YD termination, based on a continuous, well-dated pollen sequence and loss-on-ignition data (12.9–9.2 cal. ka BP) from Haligu wetland in the Hengduan Mountains. Our data indicate that variations in plant diversity were correlated with relative humidity during this period, and suggest a distinct shift from Pinus-Abies-Picea forest to Pinus-dominated forest at the YD-Holocene transition, accompanied by an increase in coverage of generally temperate taxa such as Salix and Betula. This finding provides insights that may be of relevance to biodiversity conservation under future warming scenarios in similar mountain ecosystems worldwide.

Manual field surveys for nature conservation management are expensive and time-consuming and could be supplemented and streamlined by using Remote Sensing (RS). RS is critical to meet requirements of existing laws such as the EU Habitats Directive (HabDir) and more importantly to meet future challenges. The full potential of RS has yet to be harnessed as different nomenclatures and procedures hinder interoperability, comparison and provenance. Therefore, automated tools are needed to use RS data to produce comparable, empirical data outputs that lend themselves to data discovery and provenance. These issues are addressed by a novel, semi-automatic ontology-based classification method that uses machine learning algorithms and Web Ontology Language (OWL) ontologies that yields traceable, interoperable and observation-based classification outputs. The method was tested on European Union Nature Information System (EUNIS) grasslands in Rheinland-Palatinate, Germany. The developed methodology is a first step in developing observation-based ontologies in the field of nature conservation. The tests show promising results for the determination of the grassland indicators wetness and alkalinity with an overall accuracy of 85% for alkalinity and 76% for wetness.

Although reef corals worldwide have sustained epizootics in recent years, no coral diseases have been observed in the southwestern Atlantic Ocean until now. Here we present an overview of the main types of diseases and their incidence in the largest and richest coral reefs in the South Atlantic (Abrolhos Bank, eastern Brazil). Qualitative observations since the 1980s and regular monitoring since 2001 indicate that coral diseases intensified only recently (2005–2007). Based on estimates of disease prevalence and progression rate, as well as on the growth rate of a major reef-building coral species (the Brazilian-endemic Mussismilia braziliensis), we predict that eastern Brazilian reefs will suffer a massive coral cover decline in the next 50 years, and that M. braziliensis will be nearly extinct in less than a century if the current rate of mortality due to disease is not reversed.

Mediterranean mountainous environments are biodiversity hotspots and priority areas in conservation agendas. Although they are fragile and threatened by forecasted global change scenarios, their sensitivity to long-term environmental variability is still understudied. The Sierra Nevada range, located in southern Spain on the north-western European flanks of the Mediterranean basin, is a biodiversity hotspot. Consequently, Sierra Nevada provides an excellent model system to apply a palaeoecological approach to detect vegetation changes, explore the drivers triggering those changes, and how vegetation changes link to the present landscape in such a paradigmatic mountain system. A multi-proxy strategy (magnetic susceptibility, grain size, loss-on-ignition, macroremains, charcoal and palynological analyses) is applied to an 8400-year long lacustrine environmental archive from the Laguna de la Mosca (2889 masl). The long-term ecological data show how the Early Holocene pine forests transitioned towards mixed Pinus-Quercus submediterranean forests as a response to a decrease in seasonality at ~7.3 cal. kyr BP. The mixed Pinus-Quercus submediterranean forests collapsed drastically giving way to open evergreen Quercus formations at ~4.2 cal. kyr BP after a well-known aridity crisis. Under the forecasted northward expansion of the Mediterranean area due to global change-related aridity increase, mountain forests inhabiting territories adjacent to the Mediterranean Region could experience analogous responses to those detected in the Sierra Nevada forests to the Mid to Late Holocene aridification, moving from temperate to submediterranean and then Mediterranean formations.

According to requirements for intercalibration of assessment methods of vegetation quality elements along the North East Atlantic region, within the scope of the European Water Framework Directive (WFD), a better classification system of coastal regions is needed. To accomplish that goal, a quantitative classification approach was launched in order to establish common typologies for assessment of this biological quality element. This was preliminarily based on a physical classification of the coastal waters that included two consecutive steps, a first one devoted to the establishment of “biotypes” (large areas), and a latter one dealing with recognition of the variability within biotypes (“subtypological variants”). The NEA region coastline was subdivided into 550 consecutive stretches (40 km long). Then, physical variables (sea surface temperature, photosynthetically active radiation, wave exposure, tidal range and salinity) were calculated in reference points of each stretch, 5 km from the coast. This information was based mostly on satellite acquired data, using specific procedures proposed in this work. Physical typologies of NEA coastal waters were obtained by statistical analyses. Five different biotypes were selected (i.e. coastal sectors of the European coast) by national experts as baseline information to be used on intercalibration of assessment methods for vegetation within the WFD. Variability of environmental conditions on those biotypes was also analyzed and compared with previous classifications carried out at the national scale. Results from this study showed the feasibility of this methodological approach as a useful tool for assessment of the actual homogeneity of coastal environments.

Swedish swamp forests have a considerable conservation value because of their rich biodiversity which includes many threatened species. They have been interpreted as refugia from fire with long histories of forest continuity. Palaeoecological investigation of a small swamp forest in northern Sweden shows that the forested area was under cultivation 500 years ago. The present forest has only developed during the last 300 years as a consequence of changes in land-use. Palaeoecology can be used to test assumptions about stability, disturbance and ‘natural’ vegetation. Results from such studies suggest that communities are highly dynamic, and conservation policy should create a framework within which dynamic processes can operate, in addition to species preservation. Our method is a potentially valuable tool in the formulation of future nature conservation policy.

A generic methodology is presented for exploration of sustainable land use options at the regional level by quantifying trade-offs between socio-economic and biophysical sustainability objectives. The methodology is called SOLUS (Sustainable Options for Land USe), and was developed over a ten year period of investigation in the Northern Atlantic Zone of Costa Rica. SOLUS includes a linear programming model, technical coefficient generators for livestock and cropping activities and a geographic information system. The linear programming model maximizes regional economic surplus subject to a flexible number of resource and sustainability constraints. Economic sustainability indicators are economic surplus and labor employment, and biophysical ones include soil N, P and K balances, pesticide use and its environmental impact, nutrient losses and a proxy for trace gas emissions. The capabilities of the methodology are illustrated for the Northern Atlantic Zone of Costa Rica. Though ample scope exists for reducing environmental effects and introducing sustainable production systems separately, pursuing both objectives simultaneously, considerably reduces economic surplus and agricultural employment. Agricultural area can be decreased and forested area increased without severely affecting the regional economic surplus.

Habitat loss from urban development threatens native plant populations in many regions of the world. In addition to direct plant mortality, urban intensification potentially impacts pollinator communities and in turn disrupts the pollination mutualisms that are critical to the viability of native plant populations. We placed standardized flowering plant arrays into woodlands along a gradient of increasing urban land use to simultaneously quantify landscape-scale and local-scale effects on pollinators and on reproduction of two spring ephemeral wildflowers (Claytonia virginica and Polemonium reptans) in woodland fragments in the Mid-Atlantic Region of North America. Greater pollinator abundance and associated diversity significantly reduced the degree of pollen limitation, demonstrating that pollinator populations are critical to successful pollination of these plant populations. However, landscape-scale habitat loss did not reduce pollinator abundance or diversity. Habitat loss at the landscape scale therefore does not appear to drive changes in pollination in this woodland system. Rather, local-scale habitat characteristics were more important, with pollinators being more abundant in brighter woodland patches for one plant species, and in larger patches for the other species. Because we found abundant pollinators and adequate pollination even in isolated, urban woodland fragments, our results are encouraging for the conservation of both plants and pollinators in urban landscapes.

This manuscript analyzes the land use changes and its conjectural drivers in the Brazilian Pampa Biome. Therefore, land use changes in the municipalities of this biome were collected from the Brazilian Agricultural Censuses of 1975, 1985, 1995/1996 and 2006. To analyze the changes in the land use for natural pastures, pampa’s microregions were compared in 10-year by a relative growth rate. There has been a 26% decrease in natural pastures in the Brazilian Pampa Biome since 1975, with a negative growth of −12.5% between 1975 and 1985. The activities with the highest growth were cultivated forests and temporary crops (1985–2005), and the increment of the area dedicated for those agricultural activities was related to the decrease in the area of natural pastures in the Pampa. Temporary crops (soy) and cultivated forests (forestry) began to integrate Pampa’s landscape mainly between 1995 and 2005, changing the native configuration of the biome. Finally, sharing information on the Brazilian Pampa Biome phenomena will facilitate future dialogue among all stakeholders, and this manuscript is expected to contribute to the global debate on the conservation of natural landscapes, especially natural grasslands.

We produced a map of the biomass density and pools, at the county scale of resolution, of all forests of the eastern US using new approaches for converting inventoried wood volume to estimates of above and belowground biomass. Maps provide a visual representation of the pattern of forest biomass densities and pools over space that are useful for forest managers and decision makers, and as databases for verification of vegetation models. We estimated biomass density and pools at the county level from the USDA Forest Service, Forest Inventory and Analysis database on growing stock volume by forest type and stand size-class, and mapped the results in a geographic information system. We converted stand volume to aboveground biomass with regression equations for biomass expansion factors (BEF; ratio of aboveground biomass density of all living trees to merchantable volume) versus stand volume. Belowground biomass was estimated as a function of aboveground biomass with regression equations. Total biomass density for hardwood forests ranged from 36 to 344 Mg ha−1, with an area-weighted mean of 159 Mg ha−1. About 50% of all counties had hardwood forests with biomass densities between 125 and 175 Mg ha−1. For softwood forests, biomass density ranged from 2 to 346 Mg ha−1, with an area-weighted mean of 110 Mg ha−1. Biomass densities were generally lower for softwoods than for hardwoods; ca. 40% of all counties had softwood forests with biomass densities between 75 and 125 Mg ha−1. Highest amounts of forest biomass were located in the Northern Lake states, mountain areas of the Mid-Atlantic states, and parts of New England, and lowest amounts in the Midwest states. The total biomass for all eastern forests for the late 1980s was estimated at 20.5 Pg, 80% of which was in hardwood forests.

Terrestrial fossil pollen records are frequently used to reveal the response of vegetation to changes in both regional and global climate. Here we present a fossil pollen record from sediment cores extracted from Lake Bosumtwi (West Africa). This record covers the last c. 520 thousand years (ka) and represents the longest terrestrial pollen record from Africa published to date. The fossil pollen assemblages reveal dynamic vegetation change which can be broadly characterized as indicative of shifts between savannah and forest. Savannah formations are heavily dominated by grass (Poaceae) pollen (>55%) typically associated with Cyperaceae, Chenopodiaceae–Amaranthaceae and Caryophyllaceae. Forest formations are palynologically more diverse than the savannah, with the key taxa occurring in multiple forest zones being Moraceae, Celtis, Uapaca, Macaranga and Trema. The fossil pollen data indicate that over the last c. 520 ka the vegetation of lowland tropical West Africa has mainly been savannah; however six periods of forest expansion are evident which most likely correspond to global interglacial periods. A comparison of the forest assemblage composition within each interglacial suggests that the Holocene (11–0 ka) forest occurred under the wettest climate, while the forest which occurred at the time of Marine Isotope Stage 7 probably occurred under the driest climate.

We investigated the dynamics of organic matter and type of detritus in a riparian zone of the Atlantic Rain Forest domain, and specifically determined the inputs and stock of detritus contributed by plant species, and their relationship to temperature and precipitation. Our hypotheses tested were: (1) the species composition of riparian vegetation influences the amount and type of detritus delivered to a stream in an Atlantic Rain Forest, and (2) the dynamics of litterfall in the riparian zone is influenced by climate factors. The plant community was formed principally by pioneer and early successional species such as Apuleia leiocarpa, Erytrina velutina, Erytrina verna, Eucalyptus torelliana, Ficus glabra, Ficus insipida, Guarea guidonea, Guarea guidonia, Maprounea guianensis and Psidium guajava. There was a large number of G. guidonea (318 individuals/ha), followed by Cupania oblongifolia (91), Trichilia pallida (52), Piptadenia gonoacantha (26) and E. torelliana (14). G. guidonea contributed >50% of the total litterfall; however, some species which were present in high density in the plant community and did not yield significant biomass, indicating that detritus production was based on the contribution of a few species. We found 697, 856 and 804 g/m2/year from vertical, terrestrial, and lateral inputs, respectively, whereas to the annual benthic standing stock was 3257 g/m2. Detritus was formed by leaves (60%), branches (32%), reproductive parts (3%), and unidentifiable fragments of organic-matter (5%). Inputs and benthic stock were markedly seasonal, with an increase of leaf litter during the dry season. Our results indicate that litterfall dynamics is basically composed of a few species that contribute with higher values of biomass. Moreover, ecological characteristics together with environmental factors can be viewed as the principal factors determining the energy balance of riparian ecosystems. The biological implications of the dynamics of organic matter have high importance for the maintenance and restoration of riparian zones. However, the amount of litterfall required to maintain the balance of the riparian community remains unclear in the tropical zone.

The Laje de Santos Marine State Park (LSMSP) and Xixová-Japuí State Park (XJSP) are two protected areas (PAs) located in the southern Atlantic Brazilian coast. One month of continuous underwater sound recordings allowed determining that durable fish choruses was a major contributor of LSMSP and XJSP soundscapes. The choruses showed well defined daily periodicities and exceeded background ambient noise for some hours every day, principally at dawn and dusk. This work describes the daily temporal patterns and spectral characteristics of the studied PAs choruses. Annotations of some chorus temporal descriptors (start, peak and end time instants) allow obtaining a precise statistical representation of diel chorus occurrence. Average Power Spectral Density and cepstral analysis were used to determine quantitative values for choruses spectral characterization. Results show that the passive acoustic technique could be a cost-effective method for management and fish monitoring in PAs.

A comparative static Computable General Equilibrium model was used to assess the impacts of forest-based carbon payments on sequestration, land use, and agricultural commodity prices in the U.S. A modified 2008 regional Social Accounting Matrix, considering land as a heterogeneous factor, was used as the model's main input. The matrix was projected to its 2050 counterpart using capital and labour growth projections. The forest-generated carbon offset sources considered were afforested set-asides, commercial forestry intensification and harvested wood products. A new dataset on regional afforestation carbon uptake rates and costs was used to include afforested set-asides as latent activities. For a carbon offset price of $20/MT CO2, 12% of U.S. annual emissions could be sequestered in 2050. More than half of the additional carbon sequestered (611 million MT CO2), compared to the 2050 baseline, would be attributed to set-asides and composed mainly of softwood forests. High carbon prices would increase land prices resulting in the diversion of 15% and 8% of pasture and cropland to carbon set-asides, respectively, mainly in the Central Plains. The high agricultural land diversion would force activities to intensify production systems driving the prices of beef up by 14% as well as oilseeds and grains by 3% and 4%, respectively.

Concentrations of nutrient elements in organisms and in the abiotic environment are key factors influencing ecosystem structure and function. We studied how concentrations and stoichiometries of nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P) and potassium (K) in leaves of forest trees are related to phylogeny and to environmental factors (mean annual precipitation, mean annual temperature, forest type, and nitrogen deposition). Using data for 4691 forest plots from across Spain, we tested the following hypotheses: (i) that foliar stoichiometries of forest trees are strongly influenced by phylogeny, (ii) that climate, as an important driver of plant uptake and nutrient use efficiency, affects foliar stoichiometry, (iii) that long-term loads of N influence N, P and K concentrations and ratios in natural vegetation, and (iv) that sympatric species are differentiated according to their foliar stoichiometry, thereby reducing the intensity of resource competition.Our analyses revealed that several factors contributed to interspecific variation in elemental composition and stoichiometry. These included phylogeny, forest type, climate, N deposition, and competitive neighborhood relationships (probably related to niche segregation effect).These findings support the notion that foliar elemental composition reflects adaptation both to regional factors such as climate and to local factors such as competition with co-occurring species.

We use sediment accumulation in ponds and reservoirs to examine upland sediment sources and sinks in the Piedmont physiographic region of Maryland, USA. In zero-order and first-order watersheds, sediment yield is greatest from suburban land cover, followed by agriculture and forest. The idea that sediment yield is small from mature suburban development appears to not be correct. First-order channel enlargement is an important sediment source, causing sediment yield to increase from zero-order to first-order watersheds. Nonchannel sources provide one-third to two-thirds of the upland sediment load.Long-term sediment accumulation in a reservoir at fifth-order indicates that cumulative sediment load from upland areas is reduced by one-quarter by net valley bottom sedimentation. If upland supply exceeds the load delivered from a watershed, sediment must accumulate along valley bottoms. In our study watershed, net sedimentation rate (sedimentation less erosion) averaged over valley bottom area is 2.6 mm/y, a value that is similar to independent direct measurements of sedimentation and erosion in a nearby watershed. Evaluation of the relative contributions to sediment mass balance of upland supply, valley bottom sedimentation and erosion, and watershed delivery indicates that, if valley-bottom rates of sedimentation exceed erosion as indicated by recent studies, then the proportion of watershed sediment delivery derived from stream banks is necessarily small.Although sediment yield estimated from stream gage records is similar in magnitude to that from ponds for watersheds smaller than 20 km2, sediment yield from reservoir sedimentation is a factor of five larger than that estimated from gage records for watersheds larger than 140 km2. This observation confirms that the different methods provide very different estimates of sediment yield. This possibility is reinforced by a sediment yield of 14 Mg/km2/y from a gage immediately above a reservoir with a yield of 142 Mg/km2/y based on reservoir accumulation.

Molecular and taxonomy approach have been made to understand the differences among the three morphotypes of Paubrasilia echinata, termed laranja, café and arruda. However, there is no wood anatomic study considering these morphotypes and their probable anatomical similarity. Considering as an endangered species with historical relevancy, it is crucial to recognize its wood anatomy to its conservation. This study aims to investigate the wood anatomy of P. echinata collected along its occurrence area (between 5°53′S 34°04′W and 22°56′S 42°30′W) and to examine the anatomical relationship among arruda, laranja and café morphotypes that was previously reported by molecular studies. The results indicate that the wood anatomy varied along its range of distribution a gradient of axial parenchyma and vessel features between the lower and higher latitudes was observed. Since arruda occurs in the collection sites of all four states studied, while café and laranja only in Bahia, the three morphotypes can be identified into of two groups based on wood anatomy: one formed by arruda samples and another by café and laranja, which differs from the previous molecular analysis. Combinations between higher percentage of axial parenchyma and wider vessels were observed in samples from RJ guarantying conductance and safety, while samples from RN and PB have smaller solitary vessels and scanty axial parenchyma, which could prevent embolisms. The present results do not support the categorization into subspecies or varieties. The findings also suggest that café and laranja share similar features than with arruda morphotype.

We present a new approach to maximize carbon (C) storage in both forest and wood products using optimization within a forest management model (Remsoft Spatial Planning System). This method was used to evaluate four alternative objective functions, to maximize: (a) volume harvested, (b) wood product C storage, (c) forest C storage, and (d) C storage in the forest and products, over 300 years for a 30,000 ha hypothetical forest in New Brunswick, Canada. Effects of three initial forest age-structures and a range of product substitution rates were tested. Results showed that in many cases, C storage in product pools (especially in landfills) plus on-site forest C was equivalent to forest C storage resulting from reduced harvest. In other words, accounting for only forest, and not products and landfill C, underestimates true forest contributions to C sequestration, and may result in spurious C maximization strategies. The scenario to maximize harvest resulted in mean harvest for years 1–200 of 3.16 m3 ha−1 yr−1 and total C sequestration of 0.126 t ha−1 yr−1, versus 0.98 m3 ha−1 yr−1 and 0.228 t ha−1 yr−1 for a scenario to maximize forest C. When maximizing total (forest + products) C, mean harvest and total C storage for years 1–200 was 173% and 5% higher, respectively, than when maximizing forest C; and 218% and 6% higher, respectively, when maximizing substitution benefits (0.25 t of avoided C emissions per m3 of lumber used) in addition to total C. Initial forest age-structure affected harvest in years 1–50 < 34% among the four alternative management objective scenarios, and resulted in mean C sequestration rates of 0.31, 0.10, and −0.14 t ha−1 yr−1 when maximizing total C storage for young, even-aged, and old forests, respectively. Our results reinforce the importance of including products in forest-sector C budgets, and demonstrate how including product C in management can maximize forest contributions toward reduced atmospheric CO2 at operational scales.

Conflicts between biodiversity conservation and other human activities are intensifying as a result of growing pressure on natural resources and concomitant demands by some for greater conservation. Approaches to reducing conflicts are increasingly focusing on engaging stakeholders in processes that are perceived as fair, i.e. independent and where stakeholders have influence, and which in turn can generate trust between stakeholders. Hitherto, there has been limited empirical research supporting the claim that conservation conflicts can be reduced by building trust through fair participation. Using quantitative and qualitative empirical data from three case studies, we analysed whether fair participation processes were directly related to conflict resolution and if this relationship was mediated by trust. Our research provided empirical quantitative evidence that increased trust through fair processes makes conflict resolution more likely. The qualitative analysis revealed caveats to this finding, including the different understandings of the definition of conflict by stakeholders, the complex nature of trust in conservation conflicts where most stakeholders have high levels of ecological knowledge, and the atypical nature (i.e. presence of a local champion) of one of the case studies. Building and maintaining trust with landowners and managers may be central to conserving biodiversity. Such trust-building requires effort and resources, opportunities for appropriate dialogue between stakeholders and a willingness to share power in terms of knowledge and policy implementation, especially when local stakeholders are dependent on and knowledgeable about natural resources.

Human activities exert a wide range of pressures on marine ecosystems, often resulting in the loss of species and degradation of habitats. If effective policies and management practices to restore past damage and reduce future impacts to the marine environment are to be developed, knowledge of the extent, duration and severity of activities and pressures is essential, yet often lacking. As part of the EU H2020 project “Marine Ecosystem Restoration in Changing European Seas”, this study uses an exhaustive review of published records, web resources, and grey literature to comprehensively assess the degree to which human activities and pressures are mapped within European seas. The results highlight a number of limitations and gaps, including: (a) limited geographic coverage at both the regional and sub-regional level; (b) insufficient spatial resolution and accuracy in recorded data for the planning of conservation and restoration actions; (c) a lack of access to the background data and metadata upon which maps are based, thus limiting the potential for synthesis of multiple data sources. Based on the findings, several recommendations for future marine research initiatives arise, most importantly the need for coordinated, geographically extended baseline assessments of the distribution and intensity of human activities and pressures, complying with high-level standardization regarding methodological approaches and the treatment of produced data.

This paper presents a global synopsis about the geomorphic evidence of soil erosion in humid and semihumid areas since the beginning of agriculture. Historical documents, starting from ancient records to data from the mid-twentieth century and numerous literature reviews form an extensive assortment of examples that show how soil erosion has been perceived previously by scholars, land surveyors, farmers, land owners, researchers, and policy makers. Examples have been selected from ancient Greek and Roman Times and from central Europe, southern Africa, North America, the Chinese Loess Plateau, Australia, New Zealand, and Easter Island. Furthermore, a comprehensive collection on the development of soil erosion research and soil conservation has been provided, with a particular focus on Germany and the USA.Geomorphic evidence shows that most of the agriculturally used slopes in the Old and New Worlds had already been affected by soil erosion in earlier, prehistoric times. Early descriptions of soil erosion are often very vague. With regard to the Roman Times, geomorphic evidence shows seemingly opposing results, ranging from massive devastation to landscapes remaining stable for centuries. Unfortunately, historical documentation is lacking. In the following centuries, historical records become more frequent and more precise and observations on extreme soil erosion events are prominent. Sometimes they can be clearly linked to geomorphic evidence in the field. The advent of professional soil conservation took place in the late eighteenth century. The first extensive essay on soil conservation known to the Western world was published in Germany in 1815. The rise of professional soil conservation occurred in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Soil remediation and flood prevention programs were initiated, but the long-term success of these actions remains controversial. In recent years, increasing interest is to recover any traditional knowledge of soil management in order to incorporate it into modern soil conservation strategies. The study shows that local and regional variations in natural settings, cultural traditions, and socioeconomic conditions played a major role for the dynamics and the rates of soil erosion on a long-term perspective. Geomorphic evidence and historical sources can often complement each other, but there should be also an awareness of new pitfalls when using them together.

Anthropic pressure has caused several changes in the environment, such as habitat loss and fragmentation. One effective way to evaluate its effects on population genetics is to monitor populations through time. We aimed to characterize the population genetics of six plant species at two different times (cohorts). We asked (1) if populations show genetic divergence between cohorts, (2) if any significant changes are present between the genetic index of cohorts and, if so, (3) whether such changes are related to the adult cohort fixation index. To address these questions, we studied 61 populations of 50 adult and 50 seedling individuals genotyped with allozyme markers. We calculated allelic richness (Ar), observed (Ho) and expected heterozygosity (He), and fixation index (f) for each population cohort; and pairwise FST between cohorts. Seedlings were genetically similar to the adults (mean pairwise FST = 0.014). No difference was found in the proportion of populations that showed increases and decreases of the genetic indexes over cohorts, except f, for which more populations showed a decrease. Adult fixation index had a correlation with Ho (r = 0.507, p = 3∙10−5) and He (r = −0.247, p = 0.055). A mean test between cohorts revealed the maintenance of high f values in Araucaria angustifolia and Ocotea catharinensis, as well as a significant decrease in He of Euterpe edulis, species widely explored in the past. Although we only studied two cohorts, general trends and significant changes were detected, which could be important in the conservation of those six species.

With the high rates of deforestation in tropical regions, the restoration of degraded lands has become an important way for maintaining the diversity of plant communities and for creating wildlife habitats. Evaluating the success of restored areas is essential for improving restoration designs and for successfully restoring such complex ecosystems. In this study, the development of restoration forests with respect to age (5, 9 and 10 years old) and the restoration models used (proportion of pioneer trees) was assessed along the margins of Companhia Energética do Estado de São Paulo (CESP) reservoirs, located in the region of Pontal do Pananapanema, in São Paulo state, southeastern Brazil. The overstory (trees ≥4.8 cm in DBH) was assessed in nine 900 m2 permanent plots, and all woody understory regenerating plants (>50 cm in height and <4.8 cm in DBH) were counted and identified in 54 1 m radius subplots. Canopy and grass cover were assessed in the wet and dry seasons. All of the parameters were recorded again 1 year later to evaluate the development of the forests. In general, neither the restoration design nor age appeared to influence forest structure and dynamics, at least at the developmental stage studied here. The floristic complexity and density of regenerating individuals were still fairly low compared to natural forests. The arrival of propagules from other forest remnants was insignificant, suggesting that inadequate seed dispersal and faunal colonization limited species enrichment within the restoration sites. Although the overall results suggested that these restoration forests had reached a structural complexity sufficient to give a start to secondary succession, some factors such as the dominance of pioneer trees in the overstory, the small number of colonizing individuals arriving from external seed sources, the persistence of weedy grasses in the understory and the degree of isolation of the restoration sites may endanger the sustainability of these forests in the long term. Although neither the age nor restoration model produced differences in the forest structure and dynamics, it is possible that such differences may require a longer time to develop. Monitoring restoration sites is essential for understanding a forest’s trajectory and for guiding management and intervention practices.

Studies on the perception of the landscape are essential to the understanding of the meanings attributed to space by societies. The purpose of this study was to analyze the perception of farmers living within the western region of Santa Catarina (Southern Brazil) on the landscape and its dynamics, as well as to investigate the influence of age and gender on such perceptions. We tested the hypothesis that the older farmers would have a greater preference than the younger ones for the current landscape (agropastoral landscapes that provide family support). Also, we hypothesized that women would have a greater preference than men for landscapes of the past, diversified and with a natural environment. Data was gathered by means of semi structured interviews and by the Q Method. For the Q Method, we used statements that contained information on the regional landscape and its temporal dynamics, history of the region's settling, as well as social and socio-environmental conservation. Data was submitted to factor analysis in order to identify discourses, to multivariate analysis to observe patterns between responses, and to significance tests with the purpose of comparing age groups and genders. We identified three factors representing the perception of farmers on the landscape: naturalist, social and socio-environmental discourses. We observed differences in the preferences of landscape (past and present) among age groups (young people have a more naturalist view of the landscape and prefer its past version), however, we did not observe differences concerning gender. Our results show that the farmers have perceived the landscape changes and the environmental degradation that occurred in the studied region in the last decades, as well as the social issues involved in such changes, and that the farmers think that the conservation of the environment is important.

Ethnopharmacological relevanceParticipatory research can help to broaden the understanding of medical systems and beliefs of traditional communities. An ethnopharmacological survey in collaboration with local people focused on plants used in quilombos located in Southeast Region in Brazil identified cultural factors that influence plant and recipe choice.Aim of the study:To investigate the factors related to the therapeutic efficiency of medicinal plants from the perspective of Quilombo da Fazenda residents.Materials and methodsUniversity researchers collaborated with community residents for both aims and methods of the study. The local partners were trained in the gathering of ethnopharmacological data and then selected and interviewed the residents considered experts on the use of medicinal plants. Data on the use of each species were supported by voucher specimens collected by the local partners and university researchers. Participant observations and field diaries by the university researchers supplemented the data.ResultsEight interviewees mentioned 92 medicinal species with 60 therapeutic uses, applied in 208 recipes or remedies. Asteraceae (13 species), Lamiaceae (5) and Urticaceae (5) contributed most medicinal plant species. Of the 12 etic categories of use, the circulatory system category had the highest number of plants mentioned. Decoction was the most commonly used preparation method (66.8%), and most remedies were administered orally (76.4%). Eighty-six recipes included more than one plant species and/or the addition of other components, such as sugar, salt or animal products. Several cultural factors influence medicinal plant use. Popular beliefs on the quality of blood or the humoral properties of plants and illnesses, characteristics of the plants and other factors determine which plant is used and why.ConclusionsThe participatory method identified a large number of factors that influence medicinal plant use: the patient's blood type; the condition of the plant and the disease (hot-cold system); the route of administration and dosage; the preventive uses of the plants; and the influence of other factors, such as the sun, the moon and dew. The participatory approach is useful for gaining insight on the decision processes of medicinal plant use in traditional societies, and also for those communities wanting to document their knowledge with or without the participation of the academy.

Selection and establishment of reserves was often done unplanned and uncoordinated between regions. Systematic conservation planning provides tools to identify optimally located priority areas for conservation. Planning for multiple species promises adequate provision for the needs of a range of threatened species simultaneously. Several studies apply the set-covering problem by minimizing resources for given conservation targets of multiple species. We extend this method by also considering different degrees of coordination in multiple-species conservation planning and representing reserve sizes endogenously. A deterministic, spatially explicit programming model solved with mixed integer programming is used to represent minimum habitat area thresholds for all included biodiversity features. The empirical model application to European wetland species addresses five different scenarios of coordination in conservation planning, including taxonomic, political, and biogeographical coordination of planning. Our approach illustrates and quantifies the efficiency of multi-species conservation activities. We show that maximum coordination in conservation planning enhances area efficiency by 30% compared to no coordination. Furthermore, strong coordination in conservation planning does not only reduce the area requirement, but synergy effects even enable the conservation features to achieve higher conservation objectives. Spatial subdivision of planning, however, leads to highest area requirements and less conservation target achievement.

The selection of priority areas for nature conservation must balance the costs and benefits of conserving biodiversity, protecting ecosystem services, and permitting human activities or resource use. In this study, we selected priority areas for conservation in a seasonally dry tropical forest in Brazil and analyzed changes in the protection of ecosystem services and the conservation of plant biodiversity upon excluding areas with high opportunity costs (e.g., where income would be lost if natural areas were protected) and high population density. We identified two types of protected areas: sustainable use (SU) and strict protection (SP). Plant biodiversity (181 species) and supporting services (water balance, net primary productivity, and soil fertility) were used to determine the optimal locations of both types of protected areas. Provisioning services (water supply, fodder, and genetic resources) were used to determine SU priority areas, while regulating services (water purification, carbon storage, and erosion prevention) were used to determine SP areas. The selection of lowly populated or costly areas was associated with a small decrease in the representation of biodiversity (4% loss in SP and 6% loss in SU) and a large decrease in the representation of supporting (36% loss in SP and 31% loss in SU), regulating (41% loss in SP), and provisioning services (7% loss in SU). Our results reveal that selecting priority areas with low population density and low opportunity costs would decrease the overall representation of ecosystem services in protected areas but would still improve the cost efficiency of biodiversity conservation efforts.

We calculated the sensitivity of Galician forest soils to eutrophication caused by atmospheric deposition of nitrogen compounds, using the Simple Mass Balance (SMB) method as described by [Posch, M., de Vries, W., Hettelingh, J.-P., 1995. Critical loads of sulphur and nitrogen. In: Posch, M., de Smet, P.A.M., Hettelingh, J.-P., Downing, R.J. Calculation and Mapping of Critical Thresholds in Europe. Status Report 1995, Coordination Center for Effects, National Institute for Public Health and the Environment, Bilthoven, The Netherlands, pp. 31–42]. Deposition values were used to calculate critical loads exceedance. Galician natural forest ecosystems can support nitrogen deposition loads of more than 10 kg N ha−1 yr−1. The lowest critical loads (approximately 10 kg N ha−1 yr−1) mainly occurred in forest stands in the interior zone, while highest critical load values (approximately 68 kg N ha−1 yr−1) were observed in eucalyptus stands at low altitudes in the littoral area. Exceedances based on N deposition levels, calculated from data recorded in 2001, occurred in 40% of the forest soils, showing the need to control N emissions in these areas to prevent possible eutrophication of soils and waters. Analysis of rainfall bulk composition revealed that ammonium, probably derived from agricultural and cattle activities, was the main compound responsible for N deposition in Galicia.

This paper evaluates the feed cost differences in salmon farming based on two energy dense feed strategies: one resembles the industrial preference of using high-fat diets (LP: low protein-to-lipid ratio) whereas in the other strategy the dietary energy is to a greater degree derived from protein (HP: high protein-to-lipid ratio). Two different economical models are presented based on three different feeding experiments: one commercial large-scale and two small-scale trials. All trials were conducted with year old smolt (S1). Production costs have increased from 2009 to 2016, and the presented data depict a general increase in price of feed proteins and oils. Dietary proteins are more expensive than lipids and in isoenergetic diets, protein denser feeds are higher priced than the lipid dense alternative. HP diets lead to a higher feed deposition in carcass which results in a significantly lower feed conversion rate compared to the preferred isoenergetic LP commercial diets. Because of the improved feed-to-carcass conversion, the HP feed strategy yields a lower feed cost. In addition, the HP feed strategy induces faster growth that enables farmers to reduce the production cycle. A reduced production cycle represents an opportunity of reducing overall production costs. If improved growth is induced by dietary strategy, the reduction of overall costs should be assigned to the feed costs, i.e. a reduction of feed cost. Finally, dietary induced improvements in carcass weight yields more tradeable product which increases income. Thus, the present model system revealed that the traditional high-fat diets preferred in the salmon industry, although they are cheaper than the isoenergetic protein rich diets, are necessarily not precursors for overall lower feed costs.

Based on studies of the botanical structure of spruce forest “islands” preserved from the Holocene optimum in the western part of the Bolshezemelskaya tundra it is concluded that in connection with possible global climate warming in the coming decades, we can expect a spread of forest vegetation to the tundra. Refuges of dwarf shrub – moss spruce forest with a boreal flora may serve as introgression sources for Picea obovata and other taiga species in a tundra phytocoenosis. Spruce forest islands were chosen as a theme for long-term climatic monitoring.

The Luquillo Mountains of northeastern Puerto Rico harbours important fractions of tropical montane cloud forests. Although it is well known that the frequent occurrence of dense fog is a common climatic characteristic of cloud forests around the world, it is poorly understood how fog processes shape and influence these ecosystems. Our study focuses on the physical characteristics of fog and quantifies the fogwater input to elfin cloud forest using direct eddy covariance net flux measurements during a 43-day period in 2002. We used an ultrasonic anemometer–thermometer in combination with a size-resolving cloud droplet spectrometer capable of providing number counts in 40 droplet size classes at a rate of 12.5 times per second. Fog occurred during 85% of the time, and dense fog with a visibility <200 m persisted during 74% of the period. Fog droplet size depended linearly on liquid water content (r2=0.89) with a volume-weighted mean diameter of 13.8 μm. Due to the high frequency of occurrence of fog the total fogwater deposition measured with the eddy covariance method and corrected for condensation and advection effects in the persistent up-slope air flow, averaged 4.36 mm day−1, rainfall during the same period was 28 mm day−1. Thus, our estimates of the contribution of fogwater to the hydrological budget of elfin cloud forests is considerable and higher than in any other location for which comparable data exist but still not a very large component in the hydrological budget. For estimating fogwater fluxes for locations without detailed information about fog droplet distributions we provide simple empirical relationships using visibility data.

Worldwide kelp forests have been the focus of several studies concerning ecosystem dysfunction in the past decades. Multifactorial kelp threats have been described and include deforestation due to human impact, cascading effects and climate change. Here, we compared community and trophic structure in two contrasting kelp forests off the coasts of Brittany. One has been harvested five years before sampling and shelters abundant omnivorous predators, almost absent from the other, which has been treated as preserved from kelp harvest. δ15N analyses conducted on the overall communities were linked to the tropho-functional structure of different strata featuring these forests (stipe and holdfast of canopy kelp and rock). Our results yielded site-to-site differences of community and tropho-functional structures across kelp strata, particularly contrasting in terms of biomass on the understorey. Similarly, isotope analyses inferred the top trophic position of Marthasterias glacialis and Echinus esculentus which may be considered as strong interactors in the sub-canopy. We interrogate these patterns and propose a series of probable and testable alternative hypotheses to explain them. For instance, we propose that differences of trophic structure and functioning result from confounded effects of contrasting wave dissipation depending on kelp size-density structure and community cascading involving these omnivorous predators. Given the species diversity and complexity of food web highlighted in these habitats, we call for further comprehensive research about the overall strata and tropho-functional groups for conservation management in kelp forests.

The segmenting of gravel-bed rivers flowing through mountain valleys into a number of discrete ‘sedimentary links’, each characterized by downstream fining of alluvium, is a relatively recent concept which offers promise to model the large-scale spatial organisation of many types of aquatic habitat (reproductive, feeding, refuge, etc), strongly dependent on dominant bed sediment calibre. Although, so far, the ecological application of the concept has mainly focused on benthic invertebrates, here we illustrate its application to fish (Atlantic salmon; Salmo salar). Moreover, the link concept has also been primarily applied to alpine river environments where link formation is triggered by point sources (mainly tributaries) supplying coarser sediment. However, somewhat lower relief, mountain valley landscapes of North Eastern Canada are often structured into sedimentary links triggered by non-point, ‘supply zones’ of coarse sediments, originating in bedrock canyon reaches or valley bottom deposits of glacial drift. Here, we propose an adaptation and extension of the original, sedimentary link concept to such landscapes and test its utility along one such system, the Ste Marguerite River (SMR), a salmon river draining the Canadian Shield in the Saguenay region of Québec. We first discuss a simple field and office based method of link delineation. Then we discuss potential sources of minor, sublink scale grain size variability and their effects on how sedimentary links are defined. Lastly, we demonstrate the usefulness of the link structure to model the distribution of Atlantic salmon spawning habitat (a habitat that depends critically on bed texture). Our results indicate that a revised sedimentary link typology is needed to describe longitudinal grain size patterns where non-point, valley-segment scale sources of coarse sediment are important and that consideration of the research purpose and scale is important in defining meaningful link units. We also show that salmon spawning zones can be directly predicted from the link structure: along the SMR, spawning activity is apportioned within each of the discrete links, in those sub-zones where surface sediment size and sand content are optimal for reproduction.

Planning and conserving nature areas are challenging tasks in urbanized and intensively used countries like the Netherlands. This paper supports decision making and public policy debate about these tasks in both an empirical and a methodological way. Empirically, we explore policy alternatives by determining the potential consequences of different nature policy scenarios in the Netherlands. Methodologically, we employ a mixed monetary and non-monetary evaluation method known as multi-criteria cost-benefit analysis (MCCBA). We evaluate four new future directions of Dutch nature policy that address four dominant stakeholder demands: biodiversity conservation, the provision of ecosystem services, recreational potential as well as economic gains. To balance compact presentation of evaluation outcomes on the one hand and information richness of results on the other, we distinguish between two impact indicator sets: three “headline” and ten “elaborate” indicators. Using these indicators we discuss the quantitative assessment of the four nature policy scenarios by comparing them to two other scenarios, reflecting the 2010 stand-still baseline situation (2010) as well as a reference policy (Trend). In total, we evaluate six scenarios; four present new directions and two reflect existing or recently (2010) halted practices. Our findings first of all show that even in an urbanized country like the Netherlands, with its intensive competition among land use functions, serious gains in national and international biodiversity are possible. Second, we find that it is doubtful whether stimulating the provision of regulating ecosystem services in a country which applies intensive and profitable agricultural techniques is beneficial. Other countries or areas that are less suitable for intensive agricultural practices may be more logical for this. Finally we demonstrate that increasing urban recreational green space − a common challenge for many urban areas − can only be achieved at relatively high costs, while it does not seem to lead to relatively high scores on nature appreciation. Nature appreciation seems to be served better by wilder nature than by park-like nature.

Natural history collections are crucial resources for conservation biology, particularly given the development of the ecological niche modeling (ENM) approach. We combined ENM with taxonomic investigations to address ecological, geographic, and phenotypic variation in the poorly known central African rainforest genets (Genetta cristata, Genetta servalina, Genetta victoriae) to provide new insights into their conservation status. Taxonomic identification was based on four discrete morphological characters. ENMs were developed using the Genetic Algorithm for Rule-Set Prediction (GARP), 10 environmental data layers and 310 georeferenced localities extracted from 667 museum specimens and 22 literature sources. Re-assessed taxonomic identifications allowed us to expand significantly the known range and ecological limits of the three genets. We suggested limited hybridization between G. cristata and G. servalina, in a zone of sympatry likely to cover central Cameroon, northwestern Gabon and Congo. ENM showed that almost all known occurrences were connected geographically by suitable ecological conditions, suggesting continuous potential distributions between supposedly isolated populations of the three genets. Our investigations indicated that G. cristata is distinct from G. servalina in morphology, geographic ranges and ecological niches, indicating species status for G. cristata, which, as such, should be the subject of appropriate conservation attention. Areas of predicted connectivity and actual zones of occurrence falling outside current forest cover should be surveyed to re-assess the status of the rainforest genets. Our study shows that combining ENM and taxonomic investigations can substantially improve data utilization from natural history collections, especially in the case of poorly known species.

Forest had varying effects on stream nutrients in two coastal plain basins of the Delmarva Peninsula, USA. In the Choptank basin, forest was strongly associated with low stream total nitrogen (TN) and nitrate (NO3−) concentrations (r2∼0.70), and forest placement along first order streams was important in maintaining low stream nitrogen (N) concentrations (r2∼0.35). In addition, a multiple regression model explained ∼40% of the stream total phosphorus (TP) variance and indicated that forest directly adjacent to streams (0–100 m) acted as a TP source and forest further away (100–300 m) from streams acted as a TP sink. In contrast, stream nutrients in the nearby Chester basin demonstrated a strong relationship with soil hydrologic properties. Forest had no significant effect on stream N and P because the finer-textured soils, higher stream slopes, and higher runoff potential of the Chester basin appeared to result in less baseflow compared to that in the Choptank basin. This reduced the opportunity for forest to intercept N via plant uptake and denitrification in the high runoff potential soils of the Chester basin. The high percentage of stormflow (40%) coupled with high stream slopes resulted in high soil erosion potential, which may explain the higher TP stream concentrations measured in the Chester compared to that in the Choptank. Differences in the hydrologic pathway appear to explain the different effects of forest on water quality in these two basins.

The Eastern North American Titanium Province extends from Labrador to Florida and westward toward the Mississippi River. In the United States, this province covers the Atlantic Coastal Plain and a substantial portion of the Gulf Coastal Plain. Heavy minerals were first mined from surface and near-surface sands of the Atlantic Coastal Plain in 1916, when Buckman and Pritchard opened a mine on a beach near Mineral City, Florida, to recover ilmenite. Numerous heavy-mineral deposits have since been identified within the surface sands of the Atlantic and Gulf coastal plains. Although some of the deposits are now being mined, others are no longer active, or have been lost to mining because of cultural developments. Some are likely to be mined in the future. Significant heavy-mineral deposits have been or are being exploited in New Jersey, Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Some important heavy-mineral deposits formed in beach ridges at the height of major marine transgressions, e.g., the Trail Ridge and Highland (Maxville) deposits along Trail Ridge, and the Yulee, Cabin Bluff, Altama, Aurora, and Chowan deposits along the Pamlico shoreline. Other deposits developed in beach ridges formed at times of temporary halts or during minor transgressions in periods of general regression, e.g., the Green Cove Springs, Boulougne, Folkston, and Lulaton deposits. Those formed in alluvial environments include Manchester, Lakehurst, and Camden, as well as those of the Virginia and North Carolina Fall Zone. The most significant heavy-mineral deposits of the onshore Atlantic and Gulf coastal plains, as far west as the Louisiana–Texas border, are reviewed.

The IUCN Red List is a widely accepted system for classifying species’ risk of extinction, based on quantitative criteria. Although IUCN discourages the liberal use of the category “Data Deficient” (DD), most assessed groups have a large number of their species assigned to this category, especially in the Tropics. Therefore, DD species can introduce considerable uncertainty into estimates of proportions of threatened species, and research focused on elucidating the true status of those species should be a priority. Here we propose a simple method to gather information on geographic distribution and guide the search for new populations of rare, small-ranged, forest species, using the literature, online data, and standard GIS procedures. The method involves: (i) creating a geographic distribution model; (ii) selecting the environmentally suitable sites from that model; (iii) removing sites that have lost natural vegetation; and (iv) removing habitat networks that are too small and/or isolated, based on thresholds established from known occurrence records and the literature for ecologically similar species. As a case study, we use Lonchophylla peracchii, a recently described forest-dependent bat endemic to southeastern Brazil. We found that environmentally suitable sites for L. peracchii are already heavily deforested, confirming habitat loss as a major threat. Importantly, we identified five priority sites to search for the species outside of its currently known distribution. From that, we discuss its likely status based on IUCN's Criterion B2 (Extent of Occurrence). This method could be useful for other poorly known forest species, especially in the Tropics where most of these species are, and funding for research and fieldwork is scarcest. Currently there are 1910 terrestrial vertebrates in tropical forest worldwide classified as DD that could be evaluated using this method, provided that they have at least 5–10 occurrence records.

Reintroduction of extirpated populations creates a unique context that can exacerbate the effects of interactions among species. Thus, reintroduced populations may be particularly vulnerable to predators and competitors, including native species with which they historically coexisted. In this study, we evaluated the effect of native fishes on survival of reintroduced Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) in the Connecticut River basin, where the native salmon population is extinct. Juvenile salmon are stocked annually in many Connecticut River tributaries. We sampled salmon reintroduction sites across tributaries with different fish communities to determine whether native fish reduce the success of salmon reintroductions (N = 19 site-years). Increased density of slimy sculpin (Cottus cognatus), a native generalist predator, was associated with reduced recruitment of reintroduced salmon. Salmon first-summer survival declined with increased sculpin density across sites, and low first-summer survival led to reduced densities of overyearling salmon the subsequent year. Hierarchical partitioning analysis showed that the negative relationship between sculpin and salmon was independent of potentially confounding variation in other fish community or habitat characteristics. Negative effects of native, historically-sympatric species, particularly generalist predators, can impede restoration of extirpated populations.

Spatially explicit individual-based models (SE-IBMs) can simulate species’ movement behaviors. Although such models allow many applications to ecology and conservation biology and are useful for management purposes, they are difficult to parameterize directly from the kinds of observational data that are generally available. Coupled with pattern-oriented modeling strategy, SE-IBMs can be parameterized and assess alternate hypotheses on movement behaviors by comparing simulated to observed patterns of movement. We illustrated this with the endangered Atlantic-Gaspésie caribou population while using sparse Very High Frequency (VHF) telemetry data. We formulated alternative movement hypotheses built around proximate movement mechanisms and coded them into an SE-IBM to explain and predict caribou movement. These mechanisms were: a random walk, a biased correlated random walk, a foray loop to reproduce caribou extra-range movement patterns, and caribou fidelity during mating season. We combined these to test single- and two-behavior movement models regarding landscape quality. The best fitted model successfully reproduced most of the movement patterns derived from the VHF locations. We found that caribou movement in low quality habitat was better reproduced by a foray loop behavior than by a biased correlated random walk or a random walk. Adding an attraction to the individuals’ mating area during the mating season also improved the model. We used the selected model to estimate and map potential landscape use by the Atlantic-Gaspésie caribou. We confirmed areas of high use seen in the VHF data and identified some potential areas where no caribou locations were recorded. We also found that large areas of moderate to high quality habitat were unused because they could not be reached by caribou. We conclude that sparse data sets, such as VHF collar locations, can be used to fit movement models whose parameters could not be estimated directly from the data. SE-IBMs coupled with pattern-oriented modeling can reveal new insights about landscape use beyond what can be defined with habitat selection models, and can identify habitat locations where management actions could be taken to facilitate species persistence or recovery of endangered populations.

Canopy productivity of five seasonally flooded forests in the central area of the Gulf of Mexico was estimated by measuring the litterfall. Productivity was estimated on a monthly basis from November 2005 to October 2006, and values ranged between 9 and 15 t ha−1 yr−1. A total of 57 plant species were recorded based on the litter collected. The dominant species (Pachira aquatica, Annona glabra, Hippocratea celastroides and Dalbergia brownei) were the principal litterfall producers. The contribution of two life forms was assessed: trees (including trees, shrubs and palms) and lianas (climbers, lianas and creepers). Lianas were found to be extremely productive and represented between 8 and 62% of the total litterfall at the sampled locations. Leaves contributed most to the litter, followed by branches and reproductive structures. Fruit and seed fall coincided with the rainy season, and accounted for 50–90% of the production and shedding during the flooded season. Species that released seeds during this time had their seeds dispersed by water. Flower production occurred during the dry season (March–June). Species richness did not explain litterfall productivity. The litterfall productivity of these forests is similar to that of mangrove ecosystems.

Forest management activities potentially influence ecosystems at many spatial scales. For most forest systems, influences at the stand level have been most intensively studied and are best understood. Management impacts at the larger, landscape scale are poorly understood and many hypotheses regarding landscape-level effects remain untested. This lack of knowledge is particularly acute in bottomland hardwood forest (BLH) ecosystems. Most hypotheses regarding landscape-level impacts were derived from theories about island biogeography and metapopulations. Thus, species presence and productivity sometimes are viewed as functions of patch characteristics such as size, shape, amount of edge, degree of isolation from larger, similar habitats, time since isolation, and dispersal, immigration, and extinction rates. Recommendations for mitigating fragmentation effects often include maintenance of reserves, increasing patch size, reducing edges, and enhancing connectivity through the use of corridors. While many of these theories are intuitively sound, there are few data to demonstrate their effectiveness in landscapes dominated by managed forests, including BLH forests. We suggest that high priority be given to using adaptive management to simultaneously test hypotheses about how biotic communities function in managed, BLH landscapes. Such information would help managers understand the consequences of their activities, provide them with more flexibility, and improve their ability to protect biological diversity while also meeting society's needs for forest resources.

he Atlantic coast of the North and South American continents, including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean, measures 37,000 km on a map of scale 1:5,000,000 (Figure 1). Portions of this coast are characterized by extensive regional mud deposits, especially where one or more rivers discharge significant quantities of suspended sediments to deltas and adjacent marginal estuaries, lagoons, chenier plains, and tidal flats. The delivery of terrigenous sediments by rivers is the main factor responsible for coastal mud deposits. Secondary factors favoring the development of muddy coastal deposits are a broad gently sloping coastal plain and adjacent shelf topography, macrotidal conditions, and the absence of energetic oceanic wind waves. Muddy coasts can equally well develop where relative sea level is rising or falling. Whereas large portions of the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts of the USA and Mexico are subject to rapidly rising relative sea level, the Atlantic coast of South America experiences falling relative sea level. We describe five major muddy coasts along the American Atlantic in terms of their morphodynamics. These systems include (i) the mesotidal lagoon-salt marsh coast of the South Atlantic Bight (southeastern USA), (ii) the microtidal Mississippi River delta and chenier plains (USA), (iii) the macrotidal Amazon chenier plain coast of the Guyanas, (iv) the macrotidal mangrove coast of Pará and Maranhão (Brazil); and (v) the microtidal la Plata estuarine system (Argentina and Uruguay).

Like many parts of the US, Maryland is urbanizing rapidly. The scattered pattern of low-density development consumes an excessive amount of land, fragments the landscape, displaces many native species, and disrupts ecosystem functions. Maryland's Green Infrastructure Assessment is a tool developed in the Maryland Department of Natural Resources (DNR) to help identify and rank those areas of greatest statewide ecological importance, as well as those at greatest risk of loss to development. It identifies large contiguous blocks of natural land (hubs), interconnected by natural corridors to allow animal and plant propagule dispersal and migration. Hubs and corridors were ranked within their physiographic region for a variety of ecological and development risk parameters, as well as combinations of these. Prioritization was also done on a finer scale (0.127 ha) for ecological importance and vulnerability to development, allowing a more detailed analysis for site prioritization within the network. The hub and corridor framework identified through the Green Infrastructure Assessment is being used to guide Maryland's ongoing land conservation efforts. At a multi-state scale, the green infrastructure method has been used as the framework for setting landscape ecological priorities within the Chesapeake Bay program. At a regional scale, the method has been used to rank or focus areas for state land conservation programs. Within a local government planning context, the method is now being translated into locally relevant criteria to support county-scale green infrastructure initiatives. Finally, the cell-based ranking method has been incorporated into parcel prioritization that has been used to aid state, local and private land trust conservation decision-making.

Although several studies have shown that the presence of bees results in increased crop yields, the mechanisms that determine pollination service across different spatial scales are still largely unknown. Here, we evaluated the influence of landscape structure over bee community composition and coffee (Coffea arabica) pollination. Our study was undertaken in one of the most important coffee-producing regions of Brazil, and comprised nine landscapes of sun coffee plantations surrounded by different amounts of Atlantic Forest remnants. Using floral exclusion experiments we evaluated fruit set in 15 coffee shrubs per landscape. We also sampled the bees visiting coffee flowers. Our analyses were made at two landscape scales, with 1 and 2 km radii, and one shrub scale, with 300 m radius around each coffee shrub. We collected 241 bee individuals and identified a total of 22 species. The honeybee Apis mellifera (Apini) was the most abundant flower visitor followed by Trigona spinipes (Meliponini). Native bee abundance, richness and diversity were positively affected by forest cover at the shrub scale. Honeybee abundance, on the other hand, was negatively affected by forest cover at the shrub scale. The presence of bees resulted in an increase in coffee fruit set of 28%. A. mellifera abundance positively affected fruit set across spatial scales, while the composition of the native bee community affected fruit set differently at the landscape scales than at the shrub scale. Our work shows that bee pollination services are affected by landscape structure at different spatial scales. These findings can be used in conservation and agricultural planning to maximize crop production while safeguarding biodiversity and the provision of pollination services.

The impacts of climate change on profitability and carbon storage in even-aged forest stands of two dominant commercial pine species, loblolly and slash pine, in the southern United States were assessed under alternative assumptions about the impact of climate change on forest productivity and catastrophic disturbance rates. Potential adaptation strategies to reduce losses from disturbance included: 1) alternative planting densities, and 2) planting slash pine instead of loblolly pine. In addition, the amount of sequestered carbon was used to develop an index of economic efficiency for carbon sequestration, which further helps rank the suitability of alternative adaptation strategies. Our results indicate that greater economic rents from forests occur with lower planting densities and the substitution of slash pine for high density loblolly pine. However, less carbon is sequestered by low density loblolly pine compared to slash pine and high density loblolly pine. Both adaptation strategies are economically more effective in terms of carbon sequestration compared to the baseline since they generate more economic revenues per Mg of sequestered carbon.

Compatibility of different commercial uses of a montane tropical oak–bamboo forest in Costa Rica was assessed for selective logging and harvesting of non-vascular pendant epiphytes, a locally valuable non-timber forest product (NTFP). The non-vascular pendant epiphyte taxa examined were mosses (Pilotrichella flexilis, Phyllogonium viscosum, Zelometeorium sp., Squamidium leucotrichum); liverworts (Frullania convoluta and Frullania spp.); and lichens (Usnea spp.). All of these species have pendant life-forms, and apparently play key roles in water interception, thereby influencing the hydrological balance in tropical montane ecosystems. Since the growth of pendant non-vascular epiphytes conversely depends on fog and mist, these species could be used as indicators of health of the tropical montane forests where they abound. Nine years after careful selective logging, no negative impacts were detected on the biomass of these NTFPs at the heights at which they are commercially harvested (1–3 m). This result was established through comparisons of logged and non-logged plots on the basis of abundance (biomass) of the commercial bryophytes and related variables such as substrate length availability and substrate type (shade tolerant, pioneer species, or bamboo, and substrate diameter). Pendant epiphytes were most abundant on thin substrates (branches <1 cm in diameter); the highest biomass values per unit substrate length were found on branches of shade-tolerant species.

conservation practice, as opposed to principle, generally emphasizes species at risk of imminent extinction. This results in priority lists principally of those with small populations and/or geographical ranges. However, recent work emphasizes the importance of common species to ecosystems. Even relatively small proportional declines in their abundance can result in large absolute losses of individuals and biomass, occurrences significantly disrupting ecosystem structure, function and services. Here, we argue that combined with evidence of dramatic declines in once common species, this suggests the need to pay more attention to such depletions. Complementing the focus on extinction risk, we highlight important implications for conservation, including the need to identify, monitor and alleviate significant depletion events.

In the current financial climate, there is an opportunity for surplus capital to incentivize ecological economic production. Markets and financial products created in response to this surplus include investments in the maintenance of biologically viable natural systems and the development of sustainability transformation technologies. In this paper we critically examine their potential for supporting conservation and socio-ecological transformation. Using Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen's flow-fund theory, we take sovereign wealth fund (SWF) investments as a case in point and ask: according to what principles might it be possible to ensure that SWF investments are directed toward producing new economic processes compatible with the transformation to an ecological economy? Employing the flow-fund theory concepts of economic Anschauung and process-funds, we specify a flow-fund fiduciary responsibility associated with ensuring that an economic process is designed so that its final cause, or purpose, can be realized sustainably and sustained over time. We illustrate the generalizability of these fiduciary criteria by applying them to the two very different potential target investments: mangrove forest recuperation and conservation and the roll-out of the electric vehicle transport sector. We conclude with reflections on the general applicability of this approach and recommendations for further research.

Dendrochronology is a valuable tool to understanding climate-growth and growth-age relationships of native tree species from tropical forests. The information obtained from growth rings can elucidate climate responses of tree-growth under the ongoing environmental changes and support the development of sustainable forest management strategies based on species and site conditions. The Cerrado, which is a vast tropical savannah ecoregion of Brazil, has precipitation seasonality capable of inducing the formation of annual tree rings in moisture sensitive woody species. Hymenaea stigonocarpa is the typical tree species in the Cerrado with proven annual tree rings. It is an important commercial species that has been massively exploited for timber causing the considerable reduction of its natural populations. This study provides information about tree age and growth trajectories as well as climatic-growth signals of H. stigonocarpa in southeastern Brazil. We sampled 13 trees for tree-ring analysis. Tree-ring measurement and analysis were conducted using standard dendrochronological techniques. Sampled trees revealed the young successional stage of the stand, with ages varying from 20 to 35 years old. Nine out of 13 trees were used to build the standard chronology (1981 to 2013) that was positively correlated with precipitation at the end of the growing season (March-April). The chronology was able to capture SST anomalies patterns related to the South American Monsoon System. Growth modeling indicated that minimum logging diameter of 10.4cm is achieved at 24 years of age. The results reported here add valuable contribution to the discussion of sustainable management strategies for Cerrado ecoregion species.

The ‘front-line’ in the war against deforestation is decision-making by individual landowners and other stewards about land-use allocation which, according to economic theory, involves the unbiased comparison of returns from competing options. In this study discounted cash flow analysis is used to estimate the potential returns from three land-use options available to landowners in Costa Rica: sustainable forest management, cattle ranching, and crop production. A growth-and-yield projection model was used to predict the periodic timber yields from a sample of forests in the three most important timber producing regions: the south, north, and Atlantic zones. Information on product yields and costs for the agricultural alternatives was obtained from interviews with farmers. Price data for both timber and agricultural products including historic rates of change were taken from a recent study investigating price trends. The findings suggest that landowners are not basing their land-use decisions on economic grounds alone, and that alternative explanations for their behavior must be sought. Two possible reasons are that landowners may be averse to the periodic nature of the cash flows associated with forest management and/or they may lack basic information on the potential returns and technical requirements for the forestry alternative. Suggestions for government policies needed to promote retention of the remaining natural tropical rainforests are offered.

Natura 2000 (N2k) is a multinational and coordinated conservation network designated to support the long-term survival of Europe's most valuable species and habitats. It is the key conservation tool in the European Union. We reviewed 510 peer-reviewed publications (period 1998–2014) focusing on ecological aspects of N2k, with the aims of identifying key research gaps and proposing future research priorities for improved conservation success. We categorized the articles by spatial scale, biogeographical regions, taxonomic groups, habitat types, and the analytical methods used. The majority of studies were performed in single N2k sites or at the regional level within countries. The Mediterranean region had the greatest number of publications and the terrestrial Black Sea, Macaronesia, Pannonian and Steppic regions were overrepresented in relation to their total area and to the area of N2k sites that they comprised. Grasslands, freshwater and wetland habitats were overrepresented in comparison to their area within N2k. Plants were the most commonly studied taxonomic group and quantitative empirical studies dominated. Future N2k research should address knowledge gaps by directing more efforts towards: 1) the Boreal region, 2) alpine, agricultural, forest and marine habitats, and 3) underrepresented taxonomic groups such as reptiles, amphibians, lichens and fungi. For enhanced evaluation and realization of the conservation potential of N2k, more studies will need to encompass large spatial scales and utilize modelling approaches to effectively address future climate and land-use changes.

The study of populations subject to the phenomenon of loss and fragmentation of habitat, transforming continuous areas into small ones, usually surrounded by anthropogenic matrices, has been the focus of many researches within the scope of conservation. The objective of this study was to develop a computer model by introducing modifications to the renowned Penna model for biological aging, in order to evaluate the behavior of populations subjected to the effects of fragmented environments. As an object of study, it was used biological data of the robust tufted capuchin (Sapajus robustus), an endangered primate species whose geographical distribution within the Atlantic Rain Forest is part of the backdrop of intense habitat fragmentation. The simulations showed the expected behavior based on the three main aspects that affects populations under intense habitat fragmentation: the population density, area and conformation of the fragments and deleterious effects due the low genetic variability in small and isolated populations. The model showed itself suitable to describe changes in viability and population dynamics of the species crested capuchin considering critical levels of survival in a fragmented environment and also, actions in order to preserve the species should be focused not only on increasing available area but also in dispersion dynamics.

Several ethnopharmacological techniques used for sampling and data collection cannot be used as they are for different areas and cultural groups. This study combined and adapted reported ethnopharmacological research techniques for sampling and data collection of medicinal plants in forests adjacent to urban areas, and evaluated their potential applicability. The areas considered in this study included the neighborhoods adjacent to the Botanical Garden of the Federal University of Juiz de Fora, MG, Brazil. Application of combined ethnopharmacological research techniques ensured a practical strategy and reliability in the collected data. Preliminary interviews with 303 questionnaires constituted the general sampling of the population, and interviews with eleven people knowledgeable of medicinal plants constituted specific sampling. Using the two techniques, it was possible to identify sixty species, which are stored in the CESJ Herbarium. Given the lack of specific ethnopharmacological research tools in the context of multi-cultural urban communities located adjacent to forest areas that require preservation, this study shows that the synergistic use of techniques provides more reliable and reproducible data. The combined use of these techniques provides safety and simplifies the tools for future use in similar studies.

Anthropogenic habitat alterations cause biodiversity loss, which in turn negatively affects ecosystem functioning and services, and thus human well-being. To be able to consider ecosystem functioning in conservation actions, analyzing the effects of habitat alteration on functional diversity is essential. Some altered habitats can maintain a significant part of regional biodiversity, however, functional diversity information in altered habitats is so far mostly lacking. We compared functional richness and functional β-diversity based on resource-use traits of frogs between three land-use categories in a rainforest ecosystem in Madagascar. Land-use categories represent a habitat alteration gradient ranging from continuous forest over forest fragments to matrix habitats including different agricultures. Our study revealed distinct changes in resource-use trait composition and complex patterns in the relationship between species richness and functional richness. Thus, the functional structure of frog assemblages changed due to habitat alterations. However, altered habitats likely provide different, rather than fewer functions compared to intact forest. Streams in all land-use categories were the functionally richest habitats, and thus important for ecosystem functioning. Species richness was one, but not the only driver of functional richness in our system. Functional clustering, potentially due to environmental filters depending on resource availability, was caused by anthropogenic and natural drivers. Our study shows that, even in systems where fragmented landscapes still maintain high species diversity, functional diversity can be altered in human altered habitats, which may affect ecosystem processes like productivity, nutrient cycling, and energy flows.

Canberra, Australia's national capital, is a planned city established on grazing lands in the southern tablelands of New South Wales. Over the past nine decades it has grown into a garden city of 300,000 people. Landscaping was an early priority as much of the chosen site for the city was a treeless plain. Major tree planting began in the 1920's and today the urban forest on public lands contains 400,000 trees from over 200 species in streets and parklands. The species used have changed over time with exotic deciduous trees and conifers dominating early plantings. By the 1970's native species, mostly eucalypts, were planted. Today fewer species comprising an equal mix of native and exotics are used. Trees in the earlier plantings are now mature and given the harshness of the local climate many will come to the end of their ‘safe life’ in the early decades of this century. This provides new challenges for urban tree managers as to how to effect tree replacement that is aesthetically pleasing, ecologically sound and socially acceptable. To assist in this planning a tree data base and modeling system has been assembled. This system – Decision Information System for Managing Urban Trees or DISMUT – facilitates the development of forest-level management programs by allowing the projection of change and work requirements that the result from historical and current plantings over the entire urban forest.

Greenhouse gas emissions have significantly altered global climate, and will continue to do so in the future. Increases in the frequency, duration, and/or severity of drought and heat stress associated with climate change could fundamentally alter the composition, structure, and biogeography of forests in many regions. Of particular concern are potential increases in tree mortality associated with climate-induced physiological stress and interactions with other climate-mediated processes such as insect outbreaks and wildfire. Despite this risk, existing projections of tree mortality are based on models that lack functionally realistic mortality mechanisms, and there has been no attempt to track observations of climate-driven tree mortality globally. Here we present the first global assessment of recent tree mortality attributed to drought and heat stress. Although episodic mortality occurs in the absence of climate change, studies compiled here suggest that at least some of the world's forested ecosystems already may be responding to climate change and raise concern that forests may become increasingly vulnerable to higher background tree mortality rates and die-off in response to future warming and drought, even in environments that are not normally considered water-limited. This further suggests risks to ecosystem services, including the loss of sequestered forest carbon and associated atmospheric feedbacks. Our review also identifies key information gaps and scientific uncertainties that currently hinder our ability to predict tree mortality in response to climate change and emphasizes the need for a globally coordinated observation system. Overall, our review reveals the potential for amplified tree mortality due to drought and heat in forests worldwide.

The Red-bellied macaw (Ara manilata) and the Orange-winged parrot (Amazona amazonica) on Trinidad have been reported to utilise palms for fruit food and roosting and nesting sites in palm swamp forest. There were little data describing the breadth of their diet or roosting and nesting tree characteristics. Population estimates for the parrot and macaw in the Nariva Swamp were 136 and 224 respectively. Diet included seven plant species with 94% of feeding on Mauritia setigera and Roystonea oleracea palm fruit. This was correlated with palm fruit availability since only in the late dry season when palm fruit availability was low was feeding on non-palm fruit significant. The phenologies and habitat distributions of the palms appear to determine direction of seasonal foraging movement of the psittacids. Roosting sites were concentrated in Roystonea and Mauritia palm stands. Nest sites were found in Mauritia palms. Despite its fragmented nature palm swamp forest in the Nariva Swamp is an important resource for resident psittacines. It is recommended that efforts should be directed towards conserving this forest type in order to sustain psittacine populations.

Differing perceptions of the impacts on hydrological functions of tropical forest clearance and conversion to other land uses have given rise to growing and often heated debate about directions of public environmental policy in southeast Asia. In order to help bring more balance and clarity to such debate, this paper reviews a wide range of available scientific evidence with respect to the influence exerted by the presence or absence of a good forest cover on regional climate (rainfall), total and seasonal water yield (floods, low flows), as well as on different forms of erosion and catchment sediment yield under humid tropical conditions in general and in southeast Asia in particular. It is concluded that effects of forest disturbance and conversion on rainfall will be smaller than the average decrease of 8% predicted for a complete conversion to grassland in southeast Asia because the radiative properties of secondary regrowth quickly resemble those of the original forest again. In addition, under the prevailing ‘maritime’ climatic conditions, effects of land-cover change on climate can be expected to be less pronounced than those of changes in sea-surface temperatures. Total annual water yield is seen to increase with the percentage of forest biomass removed, with maximum gains in water yield upon total clearing. Actual amounts differ between sites and years due to differences in rainfall and degree of surface disturbance. As long as surface disturbance remains limited, the bulk of the annual increase in water yield occurs as baseflow (low flows), but often rainfall infiltration opportunities are reduced to the extent that groundwater reserves are replenished insufficiently during the rainy season, with strong declines in dry season flows as a result. Although reforestation and soil conservation measures are capable of reducing the enhanced peak flows and stormflows associated with soil degradation, no well-documented case exists where this has also produced a corresponding increase in low flows. To some extent this will reflect the higher water use of the newly planted trees but it cannot be ruled out that soil water storage opportunities may have declined too much as a result of soil erosion during the post-clearing phase for remediation to have a net positive effect. A good plant cover is generally capable of preventing surface erosion and, in the case of a well-developed tree cover, shallow landsliding as well, but more deep-seated (>3 m) slides are determined rather by geological and climatic factors. A survey of over 60 catchment sediment yield studies from southeast Asia demonstrates the very considerable effects of such common forest disturbances as selective logging and clearing for agriculture or plantations, and, above all, urbanisation, mining and road construction. The ‘low flow problem’ is identified as the single most important ‘watershed’ issue requiring further research, along with the evaluation of the time lag between upland soil conservation measures and any resulting changes in sediment yield at increasingly large distances downstream. It is recommended to conduct such future work within the context of the traditional paired catchment approach, complemented with process-based measuring and modelling techniques. Finally, more attention should be paid to the underlying geological controls of catchment hydrological behaviour when analysing the effect of land use change on (low) flows or sediment production.

The West Indian avifauna has provided fundamental insights into island biogeography, taxon cycles, and the evolution of avian behavior. Our interpretations, however, should rely on robust hypotheses of evolutionary relationships and consistent conclusions about taxonomic status in groups with many endemic island populations. Here we present a phylogenetic study of the West Indian thrashers, tremblers, and allies, an assemblage of at least 5 species found on 29 islands, including what is considered the Lesser Antilles’ only avian radiation. We improve on previous phylogenetic studies of this group by using double-digest restriction site-associated DNA sequencing (ddRAD-seq) to broadly sample loci scattered across the nuclear genome. A variety of analyses, based on either nucleotide variation in 2223 loci recovered in all samples or at 13,282 loci confidently scored as present or absent in all samples, converged on a single well-supported phylogenetic hypothesis. Results indicate that the resident West Indian taxa form a monophyletic group, exclusive of the Neotropical–Nearctic migratory Gray Catbird Dumetella carolinensis, which breeds in North America; this outcome differs from earlier studies suggesting that Gray Catbird was nested within a clade of island resident species. Thus, our findings imply a single colonization of the West Indies without the need to invoke a subsequent ‘reverse colonization’ of the mainland by West Indian taxa. Additionally, our study is the first to sample both endemic subspecies of the endangered White-breasted Thrasher Ramphocinclus brachyurus. We find that these subspecies have a long history of evolutionary independence with no evidence of gene flow, and are as genetically divergent from each other as other genera in the group. These findings support recognition of R. brachyurus (restricted to Martinique) and the Saint Lucia Thrasher R. sanctaeluciae as two distinct, single-island endemic species, and indicate the need to re-evaluate conservation plans for these taxa. Our results demonstrate the utility of phylogenomic datasets for generating robust systematic hypotheses.

Based on the long-term hydrological and meteorological series, DEM, soil database and documents of soil conservation measures of the middle Yellow River, investigations are made on the spatial and temporal changes of runoff and the impact of 11 factors, which include rainfall, temperature, terrain slope, drainage density, gravel, sand, silt, and organic carbon content in soil, water consumption, and soil conservation measures. The results show that the total runoff generated from the middle Yellow River had a decreasing trend in the past 60 years, with two abrupt falls around the years 1971 and 1991. In the spatial dimension, runoff modulus grew from the north to the south and from the west to the east, and the largest gradient of spatial change of runoff modulus happened during the period of 1956–1970 before the first falls of the total runoff. In the period 1954–2009, the average annual rate of temporal change of runoff modulus increased acceleratedly outward from the northwest of the middle Yellow River with a concentric ring pattern. Correlation analysis of runoff modulus with potential influencing factors in the spatial perspective reveals that the spatial distribution of the runoff modulus is principally the results of the regional variation of natural conditions. The results of the correlation analysis of the temporal series of runoff coefficient and influencing factors suggest that climate change, hydraulic engineering and soil conservation measures, were all the major causes of runoff reducing in the second half of the last century in the middle Yellow River. For the whole middle Yellow River, climate change contributed over 40% of the runoff deviations in the 1960s, 1970s and 1990s, while water consumption induced also over 40% runoff reduction in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. The runoff reduction due to hydraulic engineering was about 2–3 times of that caused by soil conservation measures, and both of them increased continuously from the 1960s to the 1980s, and kept at a higher level in the 1990s. The contribution of different causes to runoff deviation was variable in different drainage areas. Generally, in the semi-arid areas climate change played a decreasing role in runoff reduction comparing with other causes, while in the semi-humid areas it induced a higher and more variable proportion of runoff deviation according to the decade means.

 large-scale biodiversity declines are ongoing, certain conservation actions have made a positive difference. Rates of extinction and endangerment of vertebrate species, for instance, have probably been reduced via conservation interventions. Such conservation actions operate at different spatial scales. Habitat preservation and endangered species recovery are examples of conservation successes at microscales. Mesoscale conservation includes regional cooperation among neighboring countries that has arrested population declines of endangered species, such as mountain gorillas. At macroscales, public pressure on multinational corporations has sometimes resulted in their abandoning environmentally damaging practices or suppliers with poor environmental records. Overall, conservation projects such as these need more long-term funding and greater political and popular support, and must also include provisions to evaluate and document their outcomes. As we discuss here, a focus on conservation successes achieved at different scales can help to promote these aims and guide future conservation victories.

Biological invasion is one of the main drivers of biodiversity loss and ecosystem damage. Invasive species are difficult to eradicate and prevention is considered the best approach. The pied crow (Corvus albus) was recently recorded in eastern Brazil (South America). This African bird species is being considered as a “native invader” in South Africa, and has the potential of causing serious ecological impacts. Therefore, it is important to identify the potential suitable areas and entry points of this species in Brazil. This sort of information allows for a better assessment of where surveillance is needed and if eradication procedures are required. We used ecological niche models to assess the potential distribution of the pied crow in Brazil. Models predicted high suitability for the Southeast, Central and Northeast regions of Brazil, mainly in the Atlantic Forest region. Pied crow occurrence was associated with human infrastructure. Binary models failed to include published records for C. albus in Brazil. However, suitable areas are found 46 km away from known occurrence records. We argue that ports are non-intentional points of entry and that surveillance measures should be put into place to prevent novel propagules from arriving and establishing in Brazil.

Greenways are promoted for land conservation in both rural and urban areas, but less attention has been paid to the potential of greenways to serve urban biodiversity conservation goals. This paper presents results of a biodiversity planning study of a highly urbanized environment in Washington, DC (USA) that demonstrate the critical role of ecological greenways and parks in urban species conservation. The Cameron Run study raises fundamental questions about the way biodiversity is defined in urban areas, the scale of analysis required in heterogeneous urban environments, the role of sociocultural factors in urban biodiversity conservation, and the importance of regional greenway connections across the urban gradient.The Cameron Run study is a pilot project for an urban biodiversity information node (UrBIN) in the National Biological Information Infrastructure (NBII) program of the US Geological Survey (USGS). This paper draws connections between the rapidly expanding literature on biodiversity conservation and the smaller, but growing, body of research concerning the ecology of greenways and urban areas, and it does so through the lens of landscape planning. Findings on the Cameron Run watershed are reported, and biodiversity conservation in the watershed is discussed in the context of greenway efforts at local and metropolitan scales.

Small deciduous woods in the mountains of North Wales may be relicts of ancient woodland, but centuries of intensive land use mean it is very unlikely that any are completely unmodified or undisturbed. Some woods are characterised by the presence of desiccation-sensitive atlantic bryophytes, which could possibly serve as indicators of the least disturbed sites. Studies of atlantic bryophyte distributions, and historical reconstructions based on pollen analyses, stand demography, and documentary records for four woods (two rich and two poor in atlantic bryophytes) revealed the following: 1.(1) At least some part of each wood had suffered disturbances during the past 300 years, including coppicing, clear felling, and grazing.2.(2) Richness and abundance of atlantic bryophyte communities were largely correlated with availability of habitats, i.e., rocks with permanent moisture, shelter, and favourable substrate. Habitats varied in quality and quantity within and between woods.3.(3).Where disturbance involved an extended period with an open or absent canopy, atlantic bryophytes occur in abundance only in extremely moist and shaded locations. Where disturbance was followed by rapid canopy regrowth, their distributions are not so restricted.No clear-cut relationship exists between the occurrence of rare atlantic bryophytes and disturbance histories. The persistence of desiccation-sensitive species depends on the quality of available habitats, as well as the nature of woodland disturbances. Woods richest in rare atlantic species have supported some continuous tree canopy over the last 1200 years or contain an abundance of moist, shaded habitats. The international importance of atlantic bryophytes and their future conservation is discussed.

The sustainability of dynamic natural systems often depends on their capacity to adapt to uncertain climate-related changes, where different management options may be combined to facilitate this adaptation. Salt marshes exemplify such a system. Marsh sustainability under rapid sea level rise requires the preservation of transgression zones - undeveloped uplands onto which marshes migrate. Whether these uplands eventually become marsh depends on uncertain sea level rise and natural dynamics that determine migration onto different land types. Under conditions such as these, systematically diversified management actions generally outperform ad hoc or non-diversified alternatives. This paper develops the first adaptation portfolio model designed to optimize the benefits of a migrating coastal system. Results are illustrated using a case study of marsh conservation in Virginia, USA. Results suggest that models of this type can enhance adaptation benefits beyond those available through current approaches.

The South American corridor of seasonally dry vegetation (SACSV) includes different types of physiognomies forming a continuous corridor with high biodiversity and endemism; however, little attention has been paid to the conservation of the SACSV. As this is an area with great diversity, cataloguing all the species is challenging. Thus, we suggest the use of Leguminosae species (trees and shrubs) as bioindicators of the different types of vegetation present in the area and to identify priority areas for conservation of the SACSV, since the family is highly represented in this vegetation. The study area was divided into 358 grid cells with recorded specimens. For each grid cell, species richness, taxonomic diversity, number of species restricted to one type of vegetation, and threatened and indicator species of phytogeographic domain were calculated. To determine the phytogeographic domains and indicator species, analysis of similarity, cluster and indicator species (ISA) were performed. The results show that 43% of the grid cells (154) have high biological importance for conservation (high taxonomic diversity, species richness and number of restricted species), all of which lie outside of protected areas. We identified 72 indicator species for seven floristic units, which, in general, include areas of the same phytogeographic domain, supporting the existing classification systems. We suggest that for effective conservation of biodiversity present in the SACSV, it is necessary to establish protected areas throughout the SACSV.

This paper presents the late Holocene vegetation and fire history record from Parque Provincial Cruce Caballero, Misiones, NE Argentina (26° 30′ 55.35″ S, 53° 59′ 44.73″ W). The pollen and charcoal content of the 194 cm deep sediment core dating to ca. 1840 cal yr BP permitted the recognition of three distinct zones. Zone CC-1 (before ca. 1810 cal yr BP) was characterised by a forest dominated by Myrtaceae that also included other forest taxa like Alchornea, Trema and Moraceae/Urticaceae. The presence of Zea mays (maize) pollen grains around 1840 cal yr BP suggests the presence of pre-Colombian groups in the region who practiced food-production. Zone CC-2 (ca. 1810 to ca. 40 cal yr BP) witnessed the establishment of an herbaceous wetland in the locality as evidenced by the formation of peat and the increase in wetland taxa, in particular the Cyperaceae, indicating the change to a wetter and less seasonal climate that appears to be coeval with pollen records and soil-depth profiles' carbon isotope records documented in other regions of the southern Brazilian highlands during the late Holocene. The basal section of this zone also documents the arrival of Araucaria angustifolia trees to the region, the presence of maize, and a moderate increase in fires that could be related to more intense human activity in the region. The upper section of this zone shows a slight increase in A. angustifolia paralleled by a raise of other typical elements of mixed Araucaria forests like Clethra, Ilex, Myrsine and Podocarpus. Zone CC-3 (ca. 40 cal yr BP–today) shows a major increase in trees and ferns (particularly Osmunda) at the expense of sedges and grasses evidencing a local change from a wetland dominated herbaceous vegetation to the one dominated by arboreal taxa and ferns that exists today. This zone also shows a reduction in regional fires and the disappearance of local fires that seems to be associated to the creation of the Parque Provincial Cruce Caballero. Poaceae pollen percentages remained relatively low throughout the sequence indicating that the region did not support Campos (grassland) vegetation but was a forested landscape during the late Holocene.

Changes in the strength and position of the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) are an important component of climate variability in the tropical Atlantic. The Cariaco Basin, located on the northern margin of Venezuela, is sensitive to tropical Atlantic climate change and its sediments provide a record of past ITCZ behavior. Today, the Cariaco Basin experiences two distinct seasons that reflect the annual migration of the Atlantic ITCZ. Between January and March, when the ITCZ lies south of the equator, northeasterly trade winds sit directly over Cariaco Basin and strong coastal upwelling and dry conditions dominate. Beginning in June–July, as the ITCZ moves north, local rainfall reaches a maximum and the upwelling diminishes or disappears. Here we summarize new and previously published data on the river-derived terrigenous fraction of Cariaco Basin sediments, as well as comparisons to other paleoclimate records, which together suggest a coherent climatologic response in the tropical Atlantic triggered by a pattern of ITCZ migration that mimics the seasonal cycle. During periods of cooler North Atlantic SSTs, on time-scales ranging from the Little Ice Age to the Younger Dryas to the cold stadials of the last glacial, decreased detrital delivery to Cariaco Basin from local rivers suggests a southward shift in the mean latitudinal position of the ITCZ. During warm interstadials and periods of Holocene and deglacial warmth, northward shifts in ITCZ position and its belt of convective rainfall are inferred from increased detrital delivery to the basin. Whether the rapid shifts in ITCZ position and precipitation recorded by Cariaco Basin sediments and other regional records reflect a response to forcing originating in the high latitude Atlantic or to forcing potentially sourced in the tropics is a key question yet to be fully answered.

The invasive hemlock woolly adelgid (HWA) has decimated hemlock stands across much of the eastern United States, and presents a significant threat to all eastern hemlock in Canada across Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island, especially since the recent detection of its widespread establishment in southwest Nova Scotia. The spread and rising infestation level and impacts of HWA in this region serve as a warning for forest managers across eastern Canada to develop appropriate management plans and priorities. The HWA decision framework presented here aims to prepare forest managers in eastern Canada for the decisions and challenges that they will face, from prevention, detection, and control, to hemlock ecosystem restoration and management program evaluation. We review the strategies and tactics that are currently available, that are being developed, and that show the most promise to date. Given the nature of HWA, the long-term outlook for eastern hemlock in Canada will likely feature HWA as a component of hemlock ecosystems across much of the region, necessitating a comprehensive, adaptive management program to mitigate its ecosystem consequences.

Widespread declines of foundation species, such as many corals, kelps, and overstory trees, are of grave concern because, by definition, these species create and maintain habitat that supports other species. Nevertheless, past responses to their declines, many of which were caused by invasive species, have been late and ineffective, underscoring the need to predict changes in biodiversity and ecosystem function associated with species invasions and foundation species losses. One predictive, but under-used, approach is to compare the species and functions associated with the afflicted foundation species to its projected replacement communities. The taxa associated with the foundation species and subsequent successional stages would be expected to decline and increase, respectively. We used this approach to generate hypotheses for how arthropod diversity might change in response to extensive losses of eastern hemlock trees caused by the invasive, hemlock woolly adelgid (insect: Hemiptera, Adelgidae). Our all-strata survey of the arthropods in an eastern hemlock forest and its expected replacement climax community in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States, mixed hardwood forest, suggests that eastern hemlock losses might initiate increases in arthropod abundance, alpha diversity, and 23 arthropod taxa, might produce no change in evenness or composition of arthropod functional groups, but might trigger decreases in beta diversity and seven hemlock indicator taxa. These predictions are consistent with observed trends in arthropod responses to hemlock losses in other studies, and thus might be useful for targeting early monitoring, management, and conservation efforts. This research is exploratory, however, and tests of these predictions across larger spatial scales will be necessary to determine the generality of the findings.

Although restoration of riparian forests improves water and habitat quality of streams, it can be a slow and difficult process, particularly in landscapes where competition from non-native invasive plants and mammalian herbivores produces high seedling mortality. We experimentally evaluated the short-term (1 year) and long-term (5 years) effects on seedling survival and growth of measures to reduce both herbivory (tree shelters) and plant competition (herbicides, tree mats, and mowing) for five species of deciduous trees in two riparian sites in the coastal plain of eastern Maryland, USA. Study species included: Quercus palustris (pin oak), Quercus rubra (red oak), Quercus alba (white oak), Acer rubrum (red maple), and Liriodendron tulipifera (tulip poplar). Results show that: (1) seedlings protected by tree shelters exhibit on average about 39% higher survival and 300% greater growth after 5 years than seedlings without shelters; (2) tree shelters alter the relative growth relationships among species of seedlings; (3) controlling plant competition may be less important for increasing survival in optimal sites than in marginal sites and more effective when used in conjunction with other measures (e.g. tree shelters) for improving seedling survival and growth; (4) local herbivores preferred certain species of seedlings (tulip poplar and red maple) over others; (5) herbivory can mask the effects of other factors such as site-to-site differences in soil moisture and fertility. Based on these results, we conclude that most prescriptions for restoring a diverse and natural streamside forest need to include a proactive program to enhance the survival and growth of seedlings. This is because local site characteristics (soil moisture and fertility, light and temperature regime, etc.) will not be optimal for all species of seedlings, and herbivores and non-native invasive plants are at, and will continue to be at, historically unprecedented levels. Furthermore, if money and labor are limited, such a plan (especially in the mid-Atlantic region of North America) should give first priority to protecting seedlings from herbivory and assign protection from plant competition a lower priority.

Wildfire has highly variable effects on soil, and different conservation strategies are required to address different levels of soil degradation. Rapid diagnosis of soil burn severity is required to enable the design of emergency post-fire rehabilitation treatments. This study evaluated whether visually different levels of soil burn severity (SBS) reflect changes in SOM quality. Five areas recently affected by wildfires were selected for study in a fire-prone environment in an Atlantic area of Southern Europe (NW Spain). Soil organic carbon (SOC) concentration and quality of mineral soil samples (0–5 cm depth) were analyzed after the fires, in relation to three visually different levels of soil burn severity (SBS): control (unburned), moderate (bare soil and soil structure unaffected) and high (bare soil and surface soil structure and color altered). The samples were collected along sampling transects, to control the spatial variability. SOM quality was characterized by 13C CP-MAS NMR spectroscopy and differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). Although large reductions in SOC concentration were found in both moderate and SBS (up to 70%), important effects on SOM quality were associated only with high SBS. NMR analysis revealed these changes as losses of O-alkyl, alkyl and carboxylic structures (variable in the different soils studied) and increased values of the aromatic structures (up to 50%). The DSC analysis revealed decreased combustion heat released up to 375 °C, and increased T50 (the temperature at which 50% of the energy stored in SOM is released). Relationships between thermal properties and chemical-shift regions in the NMR helped provide a better understanding of SOM thermal properties. Discriminant analysis, using the SBS levels as classification factors, revealed that thermal parameters reliably distinguished the three visually recognized levels and correctly classified 86% of the samples. Visual classification of SBS levels could therefore be used to characterize SOM changes on the basis of SOM thermal and chemical properties.

tion conflicts are increasing and need to be managed to minimise negative impacts on biodiversity, human livelihoods, and human well-being. Here, we explore strategies and case studies that highlight the long-term, dynamic nature of conflicts and the challenges to their management. Conflict management requires parties to recognise problems as shared ones, and engage with clear goals, a transparent evidence base, and an awareness of trade-offs. We hypothesise that conservation outcomes will be less durable when conservationists assert their interests to the detriment of others. Effective conflict management and long-term conservation benefit will be enhanced by better integration of the underpinning social context with the material impacts and evaluation of the efficacy of alternative conflict management approaches.

The international Long-Term Ecological Research Network (ILTER) encompasses hundreds of long-term research/monitoring sites located in a wide array of ecosystems that can help us understand environmental change across the globe. We evaluated long-term trends (1990–2015) for bulk deposition, throughfall and runoff water chemistry and fluxes, and climatic variables in 25 forested catchments in Europe belonging to the UNECE International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems (ICP IM). Many of the IM sites form part of the monitoring infrastructures of this larger ILTER network. Trends were evaluated for monthly concentrations of non-marine (anthropogenic fraction, denoted as x) sulphate (xSO4) and base cations x(Ca + Mg), hydrogen ion (H+), inorganic N (NO3 and NH4) and ANC (Acid Neutralising Capacity) and their respective fluxes into and out of the catchments and for monthly precipitation, runoff and air temperature. A significant decrease of xSO4 deposition resulted in decreases in concentrations and fluxes of xSO4 in runoff, being significant at 90% and 60% of the sites, respectively. Bulk deposition of NO3 and NH4 decreased significantly at 60–80% (concentrations) and 40–60% (fluxes) of the sites. Concentrations and fluxes of NO3 in runoff decreased at 73% and 63% of the sites, respectively, and NO3 concentrations decreased significantly at 50% of the sites. Thus, the LTER/ICP IM network confirms the positive effects of the emission reductions in Europe. Air temperature increased significantly at 61% of the sites, while trends for precipitation and runoff were rarely significant. The site-specific variation of xSO4 concentrations in runoff was most strongly explained by deposition. Climatic variables and deposition explained the variation of inorganic N concentrations in runoff at single sites poorly, and as yet there are no clear signs of a consistent deposition-driven or climate-driven increase in inorganic N exports in the catchments.

North-West Africa is an outstanding region to study biogeographic patterns in biodiversity distribution. This study identifies biogeographic affinities and areas of probable occurrence for seven viperid snakes through the combination of high resolution presence data and environmental factors. Vipers exhibited distinct biogeographical affinities: Bitis arietans was mostly found along savannahs, Echis leucogaster along the Sahel/savannahs, Cerastes cerastes and C. vipera throughout most desertic areas, Daboia mauritanica in coastal and hilly regions and Vipera latastei and V. monticola in almost only mountains. Suitable habitats were predicted for B. arietans in southern Senegal and Mali, and coastal southern Morocco, for E. leucogaster in southern Mauritania, Senegal, Mali, and fragmented habitats in Saharan mountains and south-western Morocco, for C. cerastes from the Atlantic coast to northern Algeria, for C. vipera in the central region, for D. mauritanica in northern-western Morocco and northern Algeria, for V. latastei in the Rif, Middle Atlas and coastal Morocco, and for V. monticola in the High Atlas. In potential sympatric areas, competition is probably limiting distribution, resulting in parapatric ranges. Northern Saharan populations of B. arietans and E. leucogaster are isolated. Saharan mountains and coastal south-western Morocco constitute isolated suitable areas for sub-Saharan relicts.

Climatic change that occurred during the Holocene is often recognized as the main factor for explaining fire dynamics, while the influence of human societies is less apparent. In eastern North America, human influence on fire regime before European settlement has been debated, mainly because of a paucity of sites and paleoecological techniques that can distinguish human influences unequivocally from climate. We applied a multiproxy analysis to a 12 000-year-old paleoecological sequence from a site in the vicinity of known settlement areas that were occupied over more than 7000 years. From this analysis, we were able detect the human influence on the fire regime before and after European colonization. Fire occurrence and fire return intervals (FRI) were based on analysis of sedimentary charcoals at a high temporal and spatial resolution. Fire occurrence was then compared to vegetation that was reconstructed from pollen analysis, from population densities deduced from archeological site dating, from demographic and technological models, and from climate reconstructed using general circulation models and ice-core isotopes. Holocene mean FRI was short (164 ± 134 years) and associated with small charcoal peaks that were likely indicative of surface fires affecting small areas. After 1500 BP, large vegetation changes and human demographic growth that was demonstrated through increased settlement evidence likely caused the observed FRI lengthening (301 ± 201 years), which occurred without significant changes in climate. Permanent settlement by Europeans in the area around 1800 AD was followed by a substantial demographic increase, leading to the establishment of Gatineau, Hull and Ottawa. This trend was accompanied by a shift in the charcoal record toward anthropogenic particles that were reflective of fossil fuel burning and an apparent absence of wood charcoal that would be indicative of complete fire suppression. An anthropogenic fire regime that was characterized by severe and large fires and long fire-return intervals occurred more than 1000 years ago, concomitant with the spread of native agriculture, which intensified with European colonization over the past two centuries.

Environmental managers often use indicator taxa to monitor full biodiversity and hidden environmental factors. For identifying practical indicators from assemblage data collected in the field, it is crucial to remove irrelevant variation, which unfortunately is not a common practice. We demonstrate, based on field data from Estonian forests, (i) how an attractive indicator group of macrofungi, perennial polypores, loses its apparent indicator value when variation in study effort and conspicuous environmental factors have been reduced; (ii) that simply including survey effort variation is sufficient to create significant covariation between species richness of taxon groups, which has often been taken as a justification for indicator assignment. These results imply that standardizing study effort should become a requirement for any field study that reports indicator taxa based on covariance patterns. We encourage researchers to be explicit and critical about the practical value of indicator taxa when compared with direct measurement of habitat conditions.

South America is home to some of the largest, most diverse grasslands on the planet, providing critical habitat for numerous plants and animals and vital resources for millions of people. Yet, at the dawn of the 21st Century, South America's grasslands are experiencing rapid, widespread and unprecedented impacts from activities such as pesticide use, drainage, urbanization, and conversion to industrial monocultures. In combination with the pervasive effects of global climate change, these impacts have the potential to ripple across grassland food webs in ways we still poorly understand. How do these impacts affect the behavior, ecology and population demographics of the numerous migratory birds that call these grasslands home? Given the historical lack of research on grassland birds across the New World, we know very little about how to best conserve them, much less which grassland migratory birds are currently impacted or likely will be in the near future. We argue that, by applying recent theoretical and technological advances in the field of movement ecology, rapid advances can be achieved in understanding grassland migratory birds in South America. We outline the current state of knowledge about grassland birds that migrate within South America, the main threats to their survival, and how the emerging field of movement ecology can contribute to understanding how to conserve and manage their populations. Only with information on the full annual cycle of these birds will we be able to formulate effective conservation and management plans to ensure the long-term viability of these unique species.

Freshwater ecosystems and biodiversity are among the most threatened at global scale, but efforts for their conservation have been mostly peripheral to terrestrial conservation. For example, Natura 2000, the world's largest network of protected areas, fails to cover adequately the distribution of rare and endangered aquatic species, and lacks of appropriate spatial design to make conservation for freshwater biodiversity effective. Here, we develop a framework to identify a complementary set of priority areas and enhance the conservation opportunities of Natura 2000 for freshwater biodiversity, using the Iberian Peninsula as a case study. We use a systematic planning approach to identify a minimum set of additional areas that would help i) adequately represent all freshwater fish, amphibians and aquatic reptiles at three different target levels, ii) account for key ecological processes derived from riverscape connectivity, and iii) minimize the impact of threats, both within protected areas and propagated from upstream unprotected areas. Addressing all these goals would need an increase in area between 7 and 46%, depending on the conservation target used and strength of connectivity required. These new priority areas correspond to subcatchments inhabited by endangered and range restricted species, as well as additional subcatchments required to improve connectivity among existing protected areas and to increase protection against upstream threats. Our study should help guide future revisions of the design of Natura 2000, while providing a framework to address deficiencies in reserve networks for adequately protecting freshwater biodiversity elsewhere.

The corological evolution of the species of the subgenus Iberomys and, specifically, of Microtus cabrerae, are described. Iberomys appeared in the Iberian Peninsula during the Lower Pleistocene and then reached southern France and Italy during the Middle Pleistocene. M. cabrerae established itself as an Iberian endemic during the final glacial period and subsequently occupied South-Eastern France. This latter population and those found along the Mediterranean coast survived until the Subatlantic period. Thus, it is concluded that Iberomys is endemic to the European sector of the western Mediterranean Basin, but once was found over much more of the Iberian Peninsula, Italy and France. The Iberian Peninsula is, nevertheless, fundamental in its life history as its evolutionary centre and the origin of expansions into other areas. On the other hand, it is possible to locate the centre of origin of the subgenus Iberomys at a regional scale (the Iberian Peninsula) and adapt its evolutionary cycle to a Symmetrical Model. The contraction of the range of M. cabrerae during the Holocene is not related to the Subboreal climatic crisis; rather, it took place during the Subatlantic and could be related to the expansion of agriculture, which probably destroyed many of its habitats. Thus, this reduction in its range is anthropic in origin and could be corrected by means of appropriate management and conservation policies.

Land-use history interacts with natural forces to influence the severity of disturbance events and the rate and nature of recovery processes in tropical forests. Although we are far from an integrated view of forest recovery processes, some generalizations can be made. Recovery of forest structure and composition is relatively rapid following disturbances that primarily impact forest canopies, such as hurricanes. Recovery is considerably slower following disturbances that heavily impact soils as well as aboveground vegetation, such as bulldozing, heavy or long-term grazing, and severe fires, often with long-lasting effects on species composition. The landscape matrix plays a critical role in local recovery processes. Proximity of disturbed areas to remnant forest patches promotes more rapid recovery, which depends heavily on seed dispersal. Recovery of aboveground biomass is constrained by soil fertility and texture across regions as well as across soil types within a region. Restoration of soil fertility may be a prerequisite for forest recovery on sites with severely degraded soils. Despite evidence of rapid forest recovery following large-scale deforestation, many degraded areas of today's tropics will require human assistance to recover forest structure, species composition, and species interactions typical of mature tropical forests.

Change detection based on the comparison of independently classified images (i.e. post-classification comparison) is well-known to be negatively affected by classification errors of individual maps. Incorporating spatial-temporal contextual information in the classification helps to reduce the classification errors, thus improving change detection results. In this paper, spatial-temporal Markov Random Fields (MRF) models were used to integrate spatial-temporal information with spectral information for multi-temporal classification in an attempt to mitigate the impacts of classification errors on change detection. One important component in spatial-temporal MRF models is the specification of transition probabilities. Traditionally, a global transition probability model is used that assumes spatial stationarity of transition probabilities across an image scene, which may be invalid if areas have varying transition probabilities. By relaxing the stationarity assumption, we developed two local transition probability models to make the transition model locally adaptive to spatially varying transition probabilities. The first model called locally adjusted global transition model adapts to the local variation by multiplying a pixel-wise probability of change with the global transition model. The second model called pixel-wise transition model was developed as a fully local model based on the estimation of the pixel-wise joint probabilities. When applied to the forest change detection in Paraguay, the two local models showed significant improvements in the accuracy of identifying the change from forest to non-forest compared with traditional models. This indicates that the local transition probability models can present temporal information more accurately in change detection algorithms based on spatial-temporal classification of multi-temporal images. The comparison between the two local transition models showed that the fully local model better captured the spatial heterogeneity of the transition probabilities and achieved more stable and consistent results over different regions of a large image scene.

This paper describes the results of field research to dissect how social interactions differ between two reserves in Paraguay having very different styles of governance. The two reserves were Mbaracayú Natural Forest Reserve (Reserva Natural del Bosque de Mbaracayú, RNBM) and San Rafael Managed Resource Reserve (Reserva de Recursos Manejados San Rafael, RRMSR). RNBM is a private reserve owned by a non-governmental organisation, while RRMSR is a publicly-managed reserve, albeit with a substantial degree of private land ownership. Both reserves are intended to protect Atlantic Forest, one of the five world biodiversity ‘hotspots’, and also one of the most highly threatened. Each reserve and its buffer zone comprises a set of stakeholders, including indigenous communities and farmers, and the paper explores the interactions between these and the management regime. Indeed, while the management regimes of the two reserves are different, one being highly top-down (RNBM) and the other more socially inclusive (RRMSR), the issues that they have to deal with are much the same. However, while both management regimes will readily acknowledge the need to address poverty, inequality appears to be a far more sensitive issue. Whereas this may be expected for the privately-owned RNBM it is perhaps more surprising in RRMSR even when allowing for the fact that much of the land in the latter is in private hands. It is argued that the origins of this sensitivity rest within the broader features of Paraguayan society, and the prevalence of private land ownership. Yet ironically, it is the inequality in land ownership that is perhaps the most significant threat to conservation in both reserves. Therefore, while reserve-level analyses can provide some insight into the driving forces at play in the interaction between conservation and sustainable management, larger scales may be necessary to gain a fuller appreciation of the dynamics operating at site level. Even in a society with a history of centralised control these dynamics may be surprising.

Sustainable timber extraction through selective logging has been proposed as a method of forest management that can help curtail the rate of tropical deforestation. This paper reports canopy removal and residual stand damage estimates for a controlled selective logging operation in lowland swamp forest of northeast Costa Rica. The logging procedure only harvested Carapa nicaraguensis (Meliaceae) trees of at least 70 cm dbh (diameter at 1.4 m or above buttresses). Logging removed 6.3 trees ha−1 (SD = 4.2) from 28 ha, and 45.8 m3 ha−1 from a 7 ha subsample. Canopy cover was 91% (SD = 4.5) in undisturbed forest, and 73% (SD = 12.4) in logged forest. Post-logging canopy cover was negatively correlated with the number of trees extracted ha−1. Prior to logging, 65% of total gap area was contained in gaps less than 250 m2. After logging, gaps of over 500 m2 represented 78% of total gap area. Stand basal area in 7 ha of inventoried forest was reduced by 18.3%, and 17.6% of residual stems were damaged or killed. Wet soil conditions required the use of 5.3% of residual stems to construct corduroy skid trails. Thus, 30% of all residual stem damage resulted from soil conservation efforts. Stem damage estimates were compared with those reported from uncontrolled tropical logging operations. Although absolute levels of residual damage during controlled logging were quite low, there was no conclusive evidence that total residual damage was relatively lower than intensity-adjusted estimates of those other operations. In contrast, canopy removal during logging was lower than that in two other neotropical studies. Both residual damage and canopy removal can be decreased further by incorporating stricter felling guidelines; measures to reduce necessary levels of skid trail fortification would also decrease residual damage. The results are discussed in the broad context of tropical forest management. A conservative approach to tropical forestry increases the possibility of sustainable extraction of the resource.

The aim of this study was to identify major bioclimatic variables associated with the diversity patterns of plant genera and the contribution of elevations in highly diverse areas of the Subtropical Highland Grasslands (SHG), which form mosaics with Araucaria forests. We selected three plant genera that have diversified, in part, within the Neotropical SHG: Adesmia (Fabaceae) and Calibrachoa and Petunia (Solanaceae). We delimited the major high elevation areas of the region and calculated the taxonomic diversity for these taxa in each area. Ecological Niche Models (ENMs) were used to predict the distribution of each taxon and to project it to the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM), allowing searching for stable areas. Those stable areas were then compared to areas with high diversity levels. We explored the spatial occurrences and the multivariate contribution of environmental factors to differentiate among the Araucaria forest and the SHG. Finally, we examined the correlations between the environmental variables and the molecular and taxonomic diversity. Niche stability was directly linked to diversity and positively correlated with altitude. Although some niche aspects differed subtly, the predicted distributions of grassland and forest taxa were not different at larger scales. Two of the four studied areas were suggested by the ENMs to be high-relevant sites for conservation studies and the maintenance of diversity.

Due to the socioeconomic importance of sardines in the South Atlantic, the aim of this study was to evaluate the fishers’ LEK and the attitudes towards conservation of S. brasiliensis in the fishing village of the Arraial do Cabo, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. A total of 134 semi-structured interviews were conducted from April to July 2016. The LEK was classified as moderate (0.56) as well as the conservation attitudes (0.60). It was shown that there was a correlation between LEK and income of fishers. There were differences in LEK and attitudes regarding conservation of sardines in all educational groups analyzed in the sampling population. The LEK and the attitudes also show significant association with boat ownership, occupation and if the fisherman belonged to the local fishing association. As a way to improve fishers’ attitudes in practice, we also encouraged the promotion of education among youth and adults is recommended so that the behavior of fishers becomes more favorable to the conservation of sardines in this fishing community. We also emphasize that local management must take into account the sociodemographic variables of fishers since these can influence LEK and their predisposition to conserve sardines. This approach would increase the likelihood of ensuring the efficient support of the local community in the conservation of this small pelagic fish.

This article describes a series of fundamental analyses designed to test and compare the utility of various MODIS data and products for detecting land cover change over a large area of the tropics. The approach for estimating proportional forest cover change as a continuous variable was based on a reduced major axis regression model. The model relates multispectral and multi-temporal MODIS data, transformed to optimize the spectral detection of vegetation changes, to reference change data sets derived from a Landsat data record for several study sites across the Central American region. Three MODIS data sets with diverse attributes were evaluated on model consistency, prediction accuracy and practical utility in estimating change in forest cover over multiple time intervals and spatial extents.A spectral index based on short-wave infrared information (normalized difference moisture index), calculated from half-kilometer Calibrated Radiances data sets, generally showed the best relationships with the reference data and the lowest model prediction errors at individual study areas and time intervals. However, spectral indices based on atmospherically corrected surface reflectance data, as with the Vegetation Indices and Nadir Bidirectional Reflectance Distribution Function - Adjusted Reflectance (NBAR) data sets, produced consistent model parameters and accurate forest cover change estimates when modeling over multiple time intervals. Models based on anniversary date acquisitions of the one-kilometer resolution NBAR product proved to be the most consistent and practical to implement. Linear regression models based on spectral indices that correlate with change in the brightness, greenness and wetness spectral domains of these data estimated proportional change in forest cover with less than 10% prediction error over the full spatial and temporal extent of this study.

Forest management influences both stand and landscape structure. While research exists on stand-scale habitat relationships for cavity-nesting birds, there are few studies at the landscape scale. In a managed forest, we characterised the influence of local vegetation on the occurrence of cavity-nesting bird species and determined whether landscape scale variables explained any of the remaining variation. We selected three spatial extents for investigation based on the species’ natural history: (1) local (100 m radius); (2) meso-scale (300 m radius); (3) macro-landscape (1000 m radius). Variables at the larger scales generally explained little of the species occurrence once we controlled for local factors. The occurrence of boreal chickadees, red-breasted nuthatches, hairy woodpeckers, and yellow-bellied sapsuckers was explained by variables solely at the local scale. Two species most commonly associated with younger stands, northern flicker and downy woodpecker, were influenced by variables at both the meso-scale and macro-landscape scales, although the amount of variance explained by the greater of these extents was small. We speculate that the comparatively strong influence of meso-scale variables may be due to the larger home range size of these two species. Sites that are appropriate at the stand level could remain unoccupied if the area of suitable habitat is not extensive enough to contain an entire home range.

Holocene paleoclimatic patterns in NE Brazil are recognized to present singular characteristics when compared with the remaining tropical South-America. In particular, isotopic variations in speleothem calcite highlight that in contrast to the rest of tropical SA, NE Brazil experienced humid conditions during lower summer insolation, i.e. throughout the Early-Mid Holocene, and aridity when, as nowadays, summer insolation was high. In parallel, paleobotanical and palynological investigations suggest that these wetter conditions, also associated with colder climate, could have promoted the setting of ecological corridors between the current Amazonian (continental) and Atlantic (littoral) forests. In this context, this work aims at showing how groundwater isotopic data could be used as a complementary proxy to further explain these Holocene paleohydroclimatic and paleoecologic processes. By comparing δ18O, δ2H and d-excess of modern waters with Early-Mid Holocene groundwater in Recife (Pernambuco state, NE Brazil), differences in recharge patterns and moisture origin can be constrained. We find that Early-Mid Holocene waters present higher d-excess than the modern groundwater. Given that the Early-mid Holocene colder and wetter conditions (higher relative humidity) should lead to a reverse trend, i.e. lower d-excess, we hypothesize that the groundwater moisture sources was heavily recycled. Such a hypothesis would be consistent with the presence of a rainforest-type ecosystem, similar to the present Amazonian forest, in the currently arid NE Brazil. These observations highlight the potential added value of the groundwater isotopes proxy to discuss the interrelationships of paleohydrological and paleoecological patterns during the Early-Mid Holocene. These new proxies might allow the spatio-temporal extent of the above-mentioned ecological corridors to be discussed.

We report the proteomic analysis of the Atlantic bushmaster, Lachesis muta rhombeata, from Brazil. Along with previous characterization of the venom proteomes of L. stenophrys (Costa Rica), L. melanocephala (Costa Rica), L. acrochorda (Colombia), and L. muta muta (Bolivia), the present study provides the first overview of the composition and distribution of venom proteins across this wide-ranging genus, and highlights the remarkable similar compositional and pharmacological profiles across Lachesis venoms. The paraspecificity of two antivenoms, produced at Instituto Vital Brazil (Brazil) and Instituto Clodomiro Picado (Costa Rica) using different conspecific taxa in the immunization mixtures, was assessed using genus-wide comparative antivenomics. This study confirms that the proteomic similarity among Lachesis sp. venoms is mirrored in their high immunological conservation across the genus. The clinical and therapeutic consequences of genus-wide venomics and antivenomics investigations of Lachesis venoms are discussed.Biological significanceThe proteomics characterization of L. m. rhombeata venom completes the overview of Lachesis venom proteomes and confirms the remarkable toxin profile conservation across the five clades of this wide-ranging genus. Genus-wide antivenomics showed that two antivenoms, produced against L. stenophrys or L. m. rhombeata, exhibit paraspecificity towards all other congeneric venoms. Our venomics study shows that, despite the broad geographic distribution of the genus, monospecific antivenoms may achieve clinical coverage for any Lachesis sp. envenoming.

Changes in land use and land cover throughout the eastern half of North America have caused substantial declines in populations of birds that rely on grassland and shrubland vegetation types, including socially and economically important game birds such as the Northern Bobwhite (Colinus virginianus; hereafter bobwhites). As much attention is focused on habitat management and restoration for bobwhites, they may act as an umbrella species for other bird species with similar habitat requirements. We quantified the relationship of bobwhites to the overall bird community and evaluated the potential for bobwhites to act as an umbrella species for grassland and shrubland birds. We monitored bobwhite presence and bird community composition within 31 sample units on selected private lands in the south-central United States from 2009 to 2011. Bobwhites were strongly associated with other grassland and shrubland birds and were a significant positive predictor for 9 species. Seven of these, including Bell’s Vireo (Vireo bellii), Dicksissel (Spiza americana), and Grasshopper Sparrow (Ammodramus savannarum), are listed as species of conservation concern. Species richness and occupancy probability of grassland and shrubland birds were higher relative to the overall bird community in sample units occupied by bobwhites. Our results show that bobwhites can act as an umbrella species for grassland and shrubland birds, although the specific species in any given situation will depend on region and management objectives. These results suggest that efficiency in conservation funding can be increased by using public interest in popular game species to leverage resources to meet multiple conservation objectives.

Aquatic plants, and especially the emblematic genus Baldellia (Alismataceae), are among the most threatened organisms, due to unprecedented human-driven habitat destructions. Therefore protection plans are crucially needed and call for thoroughly documenting the genetic diversity and clarifying the taxonomy of this endangered genus. Our sampling included 282 individuals from 42 natural populations and covered the whole geographical range of the genus, across Europe and the Mediterranean. We combined sequencing of nuclear internal transcribed spacer (ITS) and chloroplastic trnL-ndhF regions with amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) genotyping to investigate the Alismataceae phylogeny, and produce a phylogeography of Baldellia. Our phylogeny strongly supported the monophyly of Baldellia and placed it as the sister clade to Luronium and Alisma, therefore excluding, as previously supposed, a close genetic relatedness to the predominantly neotropical genus Echinodorus. The phylogeography of Baldellia outlined patterns consistent with a hypothesis considering glacial refugia located in the Iberian Peninsula and the Italy/Balkan region from which two distinct genetic lineages re-colonized Europe. These two lineages corresponded respectively to Baldellia ranunculoides (Italy/Balkan derived populations) and Baldellia repens (populations recovered from the Iberian Peninsula refuge), therefore supporting differences outlined between the two taxa in previous ecological and morphological studies. These results allowed clarifying taxonomic uncertainties by confirming the genetic distinctness of B. repens according to B. ranunculoides. A third lineage, Baldellia alpestris, originated and remained endemic to the mountainous regions of the Iberian Peninsula. Unexpectedly, B. repens populations collected in northern Africa, appeared to be genetically distinct from their European counterparts, this calls for further investigation to fully address their genetic and conservation status. Finally, we detected a large hybridization zone in northwestern Europe between B. repens and B. ranunculoides. These results were discussed in light of conservation approaches for Baldellia populations.

The rapid disappearance of the remaining Atlantic rainforest in Brazil exemplifies the need for efficient conservation planning in fragmented habitats under intense human pressure. Such planning needs to address key conservation criteria: representation, redundancy, and resilience. It also needs to recognize the opportunity cost of devoting land to conservation. Yet most existing planning frameworks fail to incorporate all three conservation criteria, and few allow for spatially variable opportunity costs of land.This paper presents a GIS-based spatial decision support system—TAMARIN—that incorporates all these features. TAMARIN can be used to evaluate particular landscape configurations, such as proposed enhancements to a conservation reserve network. It also allows simulation and assessment of market-based economic policies to promote conservation, such as rental or purchase of conservation easements. These may be particularly important in minimizing costs and securing landholder compliance in populous areas with highly fragmented natural habitats. Although TAMARIN was tailored to the planning issues and data sources of the south Bahia portion of the Atlantic rainforest, the ecological and economic underpinnings make it adaptable to many other locations.

Increasingly, conservation professionals and regulatory agencies are attempting to identify ecological thresholds that define a point at which populations or communities demonstrate a marked response to human disturbance. Such thresholds may serve as the foundation for recognizing and then imposing limits on the levels of disturbance or types of land use. Although an intuitive concept, I argue that there are numerous scientific and practical limitations to applying ecological thresholds to conservation decision making. First, the concept is limited by the lack of a clear and universally accepted definition. Often, a threshold is defined as the point at which a population demonstrates a nonlinear ecological or biological response to some critical level of disturbance. Alternative definitions are premised on different trajectories of response or a direct recognition of conservation risks when prioritising socioeconomic values. Second, there is no clear or consistent method for identifying ecological thresholds including the appropriate response variables. Third, there is little evidence to suggest that ecological thresholds generalize to other species or populations; this limits the efficiency of thresholds as a decision making tool. Fourth, even where ecological thresholds are identified for the purpose of regulation or conservation planning, there are few examples of effective implementation. In comparison, regulatory limits are premised on the ecological response of populations to disturbance, but also consider the socioeconomic realities of conservation decision making including the risk associated with greater levels of development. Limits can be identified through participatory decision making processes that allow a consideration of potential future conditions within the context of current ecological and economic circumstances. When followed with long-term monitoring, regulatory limits can improve existing or provide new avenues for conservation planning and regulation.

Wood-pastures are archetypes of High Nature Value Farmlands in Europe and hold exceptional ecological, social, and cultural values. Yet, wood-pastures have been through a sharp decline all over Europe, mainly due to processes of agricultural intensification and abandonment. Recently, wood-pastures have found increasing attention from conservation science and policy across Europe. In this paper we (i) perform the first pan-European assessment of wood-pastures, considering individual countries and biogeographic regions, (ii) present the ecological and social–cultural values of a wide diversity of wood-pasture systems in Europe, (iii) outline management challenges around wood-pastures, and (iv) provide insights for the policy agenda targeting wood-pastures in Europe. We estimate that wood-pastures cover an area of approximately 203,000 km2 in the European Union (EU). They are distributed across all biogeographical regions, but more abundantly in the Mediterranean and Eastern European countries. Substantial ecological values are revealed in terms of landscape level biodiversity, ecosystem dynamics, and genetic resources. Social–cultural values are related to aesthetic values, cultural heritage, and rich traditional ecological knowledge. We discuss the anthropogenic character of wood-pastures, requiring multifunctional land management, which is a major conservation challenge. Despite increasing societal appreciation of wood-pastures, their integration into effective agricultural and conservation policies has proved to be complicated, because institutional structures are traditionally organized within mono-functional sectors. We offer suggestions as to how these shortcomings might be overcome in the Common Agricultural Policy, including Rural Development policy, and the Habitats Directive of the EU. We conclude that research should be guided by a holistic vision of wood-pastures, which integrates information about ecology, societal values, and institutional arrangements.

This paper explores the impacts of Europeanization on the environments of EU accession and candidate countries. By bridging research in political geography on Europeanization (Moisio et al., 2013; Clark and Jones, 2011) with theories of the production of nature (Smith, 1984; Katz, 2005), this work illustrates that the Europeanization process has distinct spatial impacts. Using a case study on nature protection in Croatia, this study investigates changes to law, governance, and conservation mapping in order to show the pathways by which the Europeanization process produces uniquely European natures within candidate countries.

We report on a long-term study of the flower preferences of feeding adult butterflies undertaken in the Wyre Forest, UK. Examination of 5638 observations of nectar-feeding clearly demonstrates several findings: (i) that butterflies differ in their range of flower use, some are generalists and others specialists, respectively, exploiting more or less sources than expected; (ii) certain flower species are preferred over others. We find that (iii) generalism and specialism in flower use corresponds to generalism and specialism, respectively, in larval host range and biotope occupancy; that (iv) generalism in flower use is accounted for by life history and resource variables that increase opportunity for contact with a wider variety of flowering herbs; that (v) specialist flower users are more typically woodland butterflies and generalist flower users species of more open biotopes. A key finding is that (vi) many specialist flower users are butterfly species of conservation concern listed in Biodiversity Action Plans. We suggest that management of woodland sites for butterfly conservation should give as much consideration to nectar sources as to host plant sources.

The allocation of water resources to meet both human wellbeing and environmental requirements is a critical challenge in a semi-arid landscape. Hydrological models are widely used to understand the influence mechanism of hydrological elements, which is helpful for optimizing water resources management. However, the spatial heterogeneity of hydrological dynamics has been largely omitted in prior studies, partly because it's difficult to correctly simulate the spatial distributions of hydrological elements due to roughly representing the surface biophysical parameters in the hydrological model. In this study, the Distributed Hydrological Soil Vegetation Model (DHSVM) was incorporated with the high-resolution remotely sensed leaf area index (LAI) data in a semiarid basin, located in the upstream of the Xar Moron River Basin, to explore the impacts of meteorological factors (i.e., air temperature, wind speed, relative humidity, shortwave radiation, and precipitation) and LAI on hydrological processes of forests, grasslands, and farmlands. Our results show that the spatial distribution of LAI slightly improves the accuracy of streamflow simulations and significantly promotes the model performance of spatial hydrological element simulations. For the area in study, precipitation, LAI, and relative humidity are the three major influential factors in the forest hydrological dynamics. The hydrological elements of grasslands and farmlands are mainly affected by shortwave radiation, relative humidity, air temperature, and LAI. Compared with grasslands and farmlands, LAI has greater negative influence on forest water availability. To mitigate the negative effects of drying and warming climate and promote ecosystems sustainability, the forest area should be converted into grassland while the native grassland should be maintained for soil water conservation.

There is currently a great deal of interest in the use of afforestation (conversion of non-forest land to forest) to reduce atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide. To date, economic analyses have focused on the costs of forest carbon sequestration policies related to foregone profits from agricultural production. No studies have examined additional costs or benefits associated with impacts on biodiversity. The main objective of this paper is to estimate the changes in farmland and forest bird populations that are likely to occur under an afforestation policy. Econometric models of land use are used to simulate the response of private landowners to subsidies for tree planting on agricultural land. We evaluate subsidies that achieve conversion of 10% of the total agricultural land in each of three U.S. states (South Carolina, Maine, and southern Wisconsin). Bird density estimates are derived for 615 species with data from the national Breeding Bird Survey. Percentage changes in agricultural and forest land for each county are applied to county-level estimates of bird densities for farmland and forest birds. Despite considerable spatial variation in agricultural land conversion rates and farmland bird distributions within these states, statewide losses of farmland birds were relatively uniform at 10.8–12.2%. Increases in forest bird populations, however, varied substantially between states: 0.3% in Maine, 2.5% in South Carolina, and 21.8% in southern Wisconsin. Surprisingly, a net loss in total bird populations results in all three states (−2.0% in Maine, −2.3% in South Carolina, and −1.1% in southern Wisconsin), despite the prevailing wisdom as to bird-rich forests. The loss is due to the coincidence of centers of high farmland bird richness and low forest bird richness with areas economically suited to conversion. Additional gains in forest species may result, however, if afforestation within the economically optimal counties is concentrated to fill in existing forest fragments presently suffering avian losses to edge predators. Our results thus show that assessments of the biological consequences of afforestation for carbon sequestration must consider both current land cover and the distributional patterns of organisms as well as the policy's conversion goal.

Forest managers often seek to balance economic benefits from timber harvesting with maintenance of habitat for wildlife, ecosystem function, and human uses. Most research on the relationship between avian abundance and active timber management has been short-term, lasting one to two years, creating the need to investigate long-term avian responses and to identify harvest thresholds when a small change in habitat results in a disproportionate response in relative abundance and nest success. Our objectives were to identify trends in relative abundance and nest success and to identify landscape-scale disturbance thresholds for avian species and habitat guilds in response to a variety of harvest treatments (clear-cuts, heavy and light partial harvests) over 14 years. We conducted point counts and monitored nests at an industrial forest in the central Appalachians of West Virginia during 1996–1998, 2001–2003, and 2007–2009. Early successional species increased in relative abundance across all three time periods, whereas interior-edge and forest-interior guilds peaked in relative abundance mid-study after which the forest-interior guild declined. Of 41 species with >10 detections, four (10%) declined significantly, 13 (32%) increased significantly (only three species among all periods), and 9 (22%) peaked in abundance mid-study (over the entire study period, four species had no significant change in abundance, four declined, and one increased). Based on piecewise linear models, forest-interior and interior-edge guilds’ relative abundance harvest thresholds were 28% total harvests (all harvests combined), 10% clear-cut harvests, and 18% light partial harvests, after which abundances declined. Harvest thresholds for the early successional guild were 42% total harvests, 11% clear-cut harvest, and 10% light partial harvests, and relative abundances increased after surpassing thresholds albeit at a reduced rate of increase after the clear-cut threshold. Threshold confidence intervals for individual species overlapped their guild threshold intervals 91% of the time. Even though relative abundance of most species (80%) did not decline as the area affected by timber management increased, implementing management at or below our approximate forest-interior and interior-edge harvest thresholds would reduce the number of declining species by half, maintain higher relative abundances of four species with a net decline in abundance but that peaked in abundance mid-study, and maintain higher relative abundances of ten additional species. In contrast, this management strategy also would prevent the increase in relative abundance of seven species and limit the increase in abundance of three species that increased throughout the study.

We studied the breeding system and pollination biology of Cattleya coccinea, C. intermedia, C. purpurata and C. tigrina in native populations from Rio Grande do Sul, Southern Brazil. At the State level, the three latter species are considered under risk of extinction and this work is intended to be a contribution towards their conservation and management. To date, their pollination needs and breeding system remain unknown.Breeding system was elucidated through controlled pollinations applied to isolated plants. Pollination was studied in the field, by means of photographic and filmic records. Cattleya purpurata, C. intermedia and C. tigrina are pollinated by large native Apidae bees of the genera Bombus, Xylocopa and Epicharis that bear the pollinaria on the scutellum and mesonotum. In spite of their differences in colour and perianth size, bee-pollinated species share a number of flower features which are absent in C. coccinea. The latter species is pollinated by the hummingbird Chlorostilbon lucidus (Trochilidae). In agreement, flowers of C. coccinea present a set of flower features normally associated to ornithophily. All studied species lack rewards and deceive their food-seeking pollinators. All species are self-compatible but pollinator-dependent. Fruiting success following manual self-pollination and cross-pollination did not differ, except in C. coccinea. However, in all species fruit from cross-pollinations yielded significantly higher numbers of viable seed. All studied species displayed low visitation rates, low natural fruit set (ranging from 0.5 to 14%) and Nilsson’s male efficiency factor of less than one, indicating that less than one flower was pollinated per pollinarium removed.All these features are consistent with those of other orchid groups pollinated through generalized food-deception.

A common premise in modern forest management is that land management should operate over large enough spatial and temporal scales that common natural disturbances are present and implicitly considered. Less emphasis has been focused on managing humid tropical forest ecosystems with the periodic ecological processes that occur between disturbances. The central premise of this paper is that timing management activities to periodic ecological processes that occur between disturbances is an additional prerequisite for the effective management of humid tropical forests. Ecological rhythms are defined here as biological or biogeochemical processes that have definable periodicities and include phenological, circadian, biogeochemical, and behavioral processes. The paper documents the use of ecological rhythms in the management of endangered species and water resources in the Caribbean National Forest of Northeastern Puerto Rico. While this type of dynamic management has proven benefits, managers and regulatory agencies have been hesitant to utilize complex, ecologically based dynamic management schedules because they can be difficult to monitor and regulate. Fortunately, recent technological advantages greatly increase the ability to conduct complex real-time, spatially explicit management. Identifying important ecological rhythms and developing administrative structures that can integrate them into management will be a major challenge in both tropical and temperate environments in the coming decades.

Worldwide, millions of people experience coastal flooding each year, with devastating effects especially in rural coastal settlements in tropical developing countries. This paper investigates the vulnerability of local settlements in the Cameroon mangrove forest zone to flooding, and improves understanding of perceptions and responses to past and current coastal flooding. Six communities in the coastal mangrove forest zone of the extreme SouthWest of Cameroon were investigated. A questionnaire was administered to a total of 200 individuals supplemented by other participatory rapid appraisal tools. The ground positions of the sampled sites as well as their altitudes were recorded for subsequent geospatial analysis.Statistical analysis was performed to show trends. The coordinates of the study sites were superimposed on base topographic maps of 1965, to investigate coastal changes over a period of 43 years. Results show that: (1) changes in coastal area have occurred in the past 43 years either through inland retreat or seaward shifts and accordingly, settlements are differentially vulnerable; (2) settlement submergence, house damage, and landscape deformation are the key impacts of flooding; (3) coastal flooding promotes the deforestation of mangrove forest for fuel wood; (4) current adaptive measures include retreat of settlement, abandonment, and house design modifications; and (5) most adaptive strategies are reactive individual actions which are likely inefficient and unsustainable from a longer term perspective given their limited scope of implementation. The paper recommends external support to improve adaptive capacity in mangrove settlements, review and improvement of existing policies, and development of integrated coastal management strategy for the region.

In publications on tropical forest fragmentation, regrowing secondary forests (SF) on abandoned agricultural land are often overlooked. These forests represent highly fragmented components in the landscape matrix which are generally less than 100 ha in size. SF are found on privately owned land where they are contributing to on-farm income through logging and/or use of non-timber products. Hence, defining pure conservation goals for this forest type seems to be unrealistic. In this paper, we used the process-based model Formix3-Q to simulate successional processes and logging scenarios in SF exposed to different degrees of fragmentation (either facing non-forest land on only one side or totally surrounded by agricultural land) in the subtropical eastern part of Paraguay. We compared results with primary forest embedded in a similar matrix. Under light fragmentation, bole volume of SF approached primary forest values after about 50 years of succession. Species composition, however, was clearly distinct from primary forest over the first 200 years of succession. The development of bole volume and species composition in severely fragmented SF was similar to the less fragmented SF over the initial 50 years. However, limited seed input, largely confined to on-site seed sources in the severely fragmented SF, led to a decline in bole volume by about one-third compared to the reference value over the simulation period of 400 years. By applying a minimum felling diameter (MFD) of 35 cm in the lightly fragmented SF, first logging was only possible after 30 years, resulting in a mere 3.7 m3 ha−1 harvest. Highest timber yields were obtained with 10 yr cutting cycles and a maximum removal of 20 stems ha−1, though sustainable yields only resulted from lowering the MFD to 30 cm. Logging in severely fragmented SF accelerated the decline of bole volume. Overall, results suggest that timber production in SF without silvicultural treatments is low and hence does not constitute a viable option to diversify farm income. Only managed SF may serve this function. Research focusing on the elaboration of management options for SF, integrating as much as possible of the original vegetation, is needed.

To what extent can private-sector bioprospecting incentives be relied upon for the protection of biological diversity? The literature contains dramatically different estimates of these incentives, from trivial to quite large. We resolve this controversy by isolating the fundamental source of the discrepancy and then providing empirically defensible estimates based on that analysis. Results demonstrate that the bioprospecting incentive is unlikely to generate much private-sector conservation. Thus, other mechanisms are likely required to preserve the public good of biodiversity.

We used an integrated bio-economic model to explore the nature of tradeoffs between conservation of fisheries resources and their use for socioeconomic benefit, as realized through the stock enhancement of recreational fisheries. The model explicitly accounted for the dynamics of wild, stocked, and naturally recruited hatchery-type fish population components, angler responses to stocking, and alternative functional relationships that defined conservation and socioeconomic objectives. The model was set up to represent Florida’s red drum (Sciaenops ocellatus) fishery as a case study. Stock enhancement produced strong trade-offs characterized by frontiers indicating that maximizing socioeconomic objectives could only be achieved at great losses to conservation objectives when the latter were based exclusively on abundance of wild-type fish. When naturally recruited hatchery-type fish were considered equivalent to wild fish in conservation value, this tradeoff was alleviated. Frontier shapes were sensitive to alternative assumptions regarding how conservation objectives were formulated, differential harvesting of stocked and wild-type fish, and potential inherent stakeholder satisfaction from the act of stocking. These findings make more explicit the likely opportunity costs associated with recreational stock enhancement and highlight the utility of trade-off frontiers for evaluating management actions.

China has approximately 5.80 × 106 ha coastal wetlands by 2014, accounting for 10.82% of the total area of natural wetlands. Healthy coastal wetland ecosystems play an important role in guaranteeing the territory ecological security and the sustainable development of coastal zone in China. In this paper, the natural geography and the past and present status of China's coastal wetlands were introduced and the five stages (1950s–1970s, 1980s–1991, 1992–2002, 2003–2010 and 2011–present) of China's coastal wetlands conservation from the foundation of the People's Republic in 1949 to present were distinguished and reviewed. Over the past decades, China has made great efforts in coastal wetland conservation, as signified by the implementation of coastal wetland restoration projects, the construction of coastal wetland nature reserves, the practice of routine ecological monitoring and two national wetland surveys, the promulgation of local wetland conservation statutes and specific regulations, the coordination mechanism to enhance management capacity, the wide development of coastal wetland research and public participation, and the extensive communication to strengthen international cooperation. Nonetheless, six major issues recently emerged in China's coastal wetland conservation are evidently existed, including the increasing threats of pollution and human activities, the increasing adverse effects of threaten factors on ecosystem function, the increasing threats of coastal erosion and sea-level rising, the insufficient funding for coastal wetlands conservation, the imperfect legal and management system for coastal wetlands, and the insufficient education, research and international cooperation. Although the threats and pressures on coastal wetlands conservation are still apparent, the future of China's coastal wetlands looks promising since the Chinese government understands that the sustainable development in coastal zone requires new attitudes, sound policies and concerted efforts at all levels. The major strategies for future improvement of China's coastal wetland conservation include: exploring effective measures in response to major threaten factors; improving the conservation and compensation system for coastal wetlands; strengthening coastal wetland legislation and management; increasing funds for coastal wetland conservation and research; and strengthening coastal wetland education and international cooperation.

Damage to agricultural and forest plantations caused by wild animals, including primates, is increasing globally due to shrinking habitats and the expansion of plantations. Over recent decades there has been an increase in reports of Sapajus nigritus causing damage (bark-stripping) to commercial Pine plantations in Southern Brazil. We conducted a two-year census and a phenological study of plant species consumed by S. nigritus to investigate if bark-stripping behavior is associated with overpopulation and/or food scarcity. We obtained a density of 2.23 ± 1.09 individuals/km2 in our study area, which is lower than previously reported in the literature for this species. The population experienced periods of food shortage from July to November, coinciding with a peak in damage to Pinus by S. nigritus. Thus, our results suggest that S. nigritus tree damage is primarily related to seasonal fluctuations in fruit and seed availability. Nevertheless, short term remediation strategies based on forestry management may be effective. These include planting less-preferred pine species, and reducing economic losses by optimizing both the timing of removal of injured trees, and the use of damaged trees depending on the type and intensity of the injury. In the longer term, native forests could be enriched with plant species that produce fruits during the period of fruit scarcity.

The spatial relationship between the concentration and deposition of the major ions in precipitation and stemflow and their influence on the tissue nitrogen concentration of three epiphytic bryophytes on Quercus petraea (Matt) Liebl. and Q. robur L. was investigated at seven UK Atlantic oak woodland sites with a range of total N deposition of 55–250 mmol m−2. The main driver of change in tissue N concentrations of three epiphytic bryophytes (Isothecium myosuroides Brid. (Eurhynchium myosuroides (Brid.) Schp.), Dicranum scoparium Hewd. and Thuidium tamariscinum (Hewd.) Schimp.) was total N deposition in stemflow, dominated by ammonium deposition. The three epiphytic species also showed strong relationships between tissue N concentration and total N deposition in rainfall but a poor correlation with total N ion concentration in rainfall. This study shows that epiphytic bryophytes utilise stemflow N and thus increase their risk from inputs of total N deposition compared to terricolous species at the same site.

Some Eucalyptus species are widely used as a plantation crop in tropical and subtropical regions. One reason for this is the diversity of end uses, but the main reason is the high level of wood production obtained from commercial plantings. With the advancement of biotechnology it will be possible to expand the geographical area in which eucalypts can be used as commercial plantation crops, especially in regions with current climatic restrictions. Despite the popularity of eucalypts and their increasing range, questions still exist, in both traditional planting areas and in the new regions: Can eucalypts invade areas of native vegetation, causing damage to natural ecosystems biodiversity?The objective of this study it was to assess whether eucalypts can invade native vegetation fragments in proximity to commercial stands, and what factors promote this invasive growth. Thus, three experiments were established in forest fragments located in three different regions of Brazil. Each experiment was composed of 40 plots (1 m2 each one), 20 plots located at the border between the forest fragment and eucalypts plantation, and 20 plots in the interior of the forest fragments. In each experimental site, the plots were paired by two soil exposure conditions, 10 plots in natural conditions and 10 plots with soil exposure (no plant and no litter). During the rainy season, 2 g of eucalypts seeds were sown in each plot, including Eucalyptus grandis or a hybrid of E. urophylla × E. grandis, the most common commercial eucalypt species planted in the three region. At 15, 30, 45, 90, 180, 270 and 360 days after sowing, we assessed the number of seedlings of eucalypts and the number of seedlings of native species resulting from natural regeneration. Fifteen days after sowing, the greatest number of eucalypts seedlings (37 m−2) was observed in the plots with lower luminosity and exposed soil. Also, for native species, it was observed that exposed soil improved natural germination reaching the highest number of 163 seedlings per square meter. Site and soil exposure were the factors that have the greatest influence on seed germination of both eucalypt and native species. However, 270 days after sowing, eucalypt seedlings were not observed at any of the three experimental sites. The result shows the inability of eucalypts to adapt to condition outside of their natural range. However, native species demonstrated their strong capacity for natural regeneration in forest fragments under the same conditions where eucalypts were seeded.

Invasive tree Acacia dealbata was introduced in the Iberian Peninsula in the 19th century. Nowadays, it is spreading in wide areas in which native vegetation has been altered or removed by human-activities, as in the case of Quercus robur forests in the northwest of Spain. In this article we assess the impact of A. dealbata invasion on soil properties (pH, organic matter, total N, NH4+-N and NO3--N), light characteristics (direct and diffuse photon flux density and leaf area index) and soil seed bank and established vegetation. We selected three sites where native Q. robur forests and A. dealbata invaded patches grow nearby. Before 2008 autumn rains, we took soil samples under five trees per species (A. dealbata and Q. robur) and site to determine soil seed bank floristic composition and soil properties. In spring 2009 we monitored the floristic composition of the vegetation growing under the same trees. Our results show that A. dealbata presence increases total N, NH4+-N and NO3--N and decreases pH in soils but does not affect light characteristics. Acacia dealbata modifies soil seed bank composition by decreasing species richness, seed density and the percentage of bryophyte and fern spores, and by increasing the percentage of Asteraceae and exotic species. Understorey of invaded A. dealbata forests shows a decrease in species richness and plant cover. Finally, A. dealbata reduces the similarity between the soil seed bank and the established vegetation. These results suggest that A. dealbata invasion produces a deep impact on Q. robur forests that hampers their regeneration, even after A. dealbata removal.

Most studies on the interactions between aboveground vegetation and belowground soil diversity have been carried out in microcosms or manipulated field plots. In the current study, we investigated the relationship between forest vegetation diversity and soil functional diversity (calculated from the activity of soil enzymes) in naturally developed plant communities of native mixed-oak forests without imposing any disturbances to already existing plant–soil relationships. In order to do so, five different vegetation types, i.e., herbaceous plants, climbing plants, trees, shrubs, and ferns, were considered. Correlations between plant diversity, soil physicochemical properties, and soil enzyme activities were determined. Soil physicochemical parameters appeared strongly correlated with both enzyme activities (e.g., pH was positively correlated with amidase and arylsulphatase, and negatively with acid phosphatase; OM content was positively correlated with β-glucosidase, acid and alkaline phosphatase and urease, and negatively with amidase; total N was positively correlated with β-glucosidase, and acid and alkaline phosphatase, and negatively with amidase) and soil functional diversity. For ferns, strong correlations between enzyme activities and plant diversity indexes were found (i.e., dehydrogenase was positively correlated with species richness and Shannon's diversity; acid and alkaline phosphatase were negatively correlated with Shannon's diversity; acid phosphatase was also negatively correlated with species richness). Most interestingly, herbaceous plants and ferns showed a strong positive correlation between Shannon's plant diversity and soil functional diversity. Furthermore, herbaceous plants showed a strong positive correlation between species richness and soil functional diversity. Although these correlations between plant diversity and soil functional diversity might possibly be due to the fact that higher values of plant richness and diversity result in a greater habitat heterogeneity in the soil, current knowledge on the topic is mixed and very incomplete and, then, one must be extremely cautious when interpreting such correlations.

The endemic Azores Bullfinch or Priolo (Pyrrhula murina) is one of the most threatened European passerines, historically restricted to a single population in the Pico da Vara/Ribeira do Guilherme Special Protection Area (São Miguel Island, Azores, Portugal). Annual census of this species started in 1991. It usually took one observer 1–2 months to complete the census and even then, it was not logistically reasonable to include some areas with very steep slope in the core of the protected area. In order to bypass these constraints, an alternative and ambitious monitoring scheme that would allow estimating the whole species throughout its entire range was proposed in 2007. The new scheme, which complemented and improved previous estimates, consisted in performing a thorough instantaneous census using a distance sampling approach, thus allowing a detailed snapshot of effective occupation, density, habitat preferences and distribution range of the Azores Bullfinch. The Priolo Atlas turned into a volunteered geographic information and citizen science-based ornithological initiative which every 4 years congregates more than 50 well-trained volunteers in the Azores. With the first two editions (2008 and 2012), this initiative has already established itself as a critical tool to monitor the population of this endemic species.

The conversion of forests into agriculture has been identified as a key process for stream homogenization. However, the effects of this conversion can be scale-dependent. In this context, our aim was to identify the influence of different land uses at different spatial scales (catchment, drainage network and local) on instream features in agricultural streams. We defined six classes of land use: native forest, reforestation, herbaceous and shrubs, pasture, sugarcane and other categories. We obtained 22 variables related to instream, riparian area, stream morphology and water physicochemical characteristics in 86 stream reaches. To identify and isolate the effect of different land uses at different spatial scales on instream features, we performed a partial redundancy analysis (p-RDA). Different land uses and scales influenced instream features and defined two stream groups: (i) homogeneous streams with a higher proportion of sand substrate and instream grasses that were associated with the proportion of herbaceous vegetation at the local scale and with pasture at all scales and (ii) heterogeneous streams with a higher physical habitat integrity associated with the proportion of forest and sugarcane at the local and catchment scales. Land use at the catchment scale affected the physicochemical water properties and stream morphology, whereas stream physical habitat (i.e., substrate, instream cover, marginal vegetation and stream physical habitat condition) was mainly influenced by land use at the local scale (i.e., 150 m radius). Pure catchment, drainage network and local land uses explained 9%, 7% and 4%, respectively, of the total variation of instream features. Thus, to be most effective, stream conservation and restoration efforts should not be limited to only one scale.

Ecosystem based management in Québec is framed by reference conditions defining percentage of old-growth forest (>100-years-old) and forest composition characterizing pre-industrial forest landscapes. In the western spruce-moss bioclimatic subdomain (154 184 km2) a fire cycle estimated at 150 years was used to target that 49% of the landscape has to be composed of old-growth forest. Yet, this target was developed using past (19th–20th C.) climate and vegetation data and assume that environment and ecosystem processes are homogeneous for the entire western spruce-moss bioclimatic subdomain. The wide spatial and narrow temporal windows limit the application of reference conditions under ongoing climate change.Our aim was to classify current vegetation heterogeneity of the western spruce-moss subdomain into homogeneous zones and to study the long-term history of fire and vegetation within these zones. This approach will help to refine forest management targets that are based upon short-term records by providing a long-term perspective that is needed for the forests to be managed within their natural range of variability. Modern forest inventories data were used along with climate, physical variables, and natural and human disturbances to study the current vegetation-environment interactions among the western spruce-moss subdomain. We also used 18 published sedimentary pollen and charcoal series to reconstruct Holocene vegetation and Fire Return Intervals (FRI).Contemporary data revealed 4 zones with homogeneous interactions between vegetation and environment. Pollen analysis revealed three long-term vegetation paths: early successional species dominance, late to early species transition and late successional species dominance. These suggest that modern forest composition results from Holocene trajectories occurring within each zone. Holocene mean FRI (mFRI) ranged from 222 to 258 years across the subdomain, resulting in old-growth forests ranging between 64% and 68%, depending upon the zone.Paleoecological and contemporary results support that to make forest management more sustainable, current landscape heterogeneity that arises from millennial forest composition trajectories and fire cycle dynamics should be taken into account by down-scaling the previously established reference conditions.

South America houses a significant proportion of the world's plant diversity and therefore merits conservation attention. However, ongoing habitat fragmentation, degradation and destruction of natural habitats threaten biodiversity. A set of seven threats to natural ecosystems derived from a previous study (Jarvis et al. 2010), combined with a dataset of occurrences from 16,339 species, and also with the World Database of Protected Areas were used to analyse the patterns of threats to flora in South America and its conservation. Species richness per ∼50 km side cell ranged from 1 to 2149 taxa, but with most of the areas presenting between 1 and 58 taxa. Population accessibility, expansion of agriculture and grazing pressure were found to be the key drivers of immediate extinction risk. A considerable (78.4%) number of species presented at least one population under high threat due to the expansion and intensification of these anthropogenic activities. In addition, some 13.8% of the analysed species presented up to 80% of their populations at risk of extinction (high threat index). On the conservation side, 82.3% of the analysed taxa have at least one population occurring within a protected site. However, it is important to note that for a protected area system to be effective and efficient, the conservation of within-taxon genetic diversity is required. The expansion, monitoring and strengthening of 24 existing protected areas holding up to 70% of South American plant diversity is suggested; as is the revision of seven additional sites where up to 200 species not currently conserved are present. Critical areas to monitor, expand and strengthen are mainly located in the Ecuadorian and Colombian Andes, southern Paraguay, the Guyana shield, southern Brazil, and Bolivia.

To achieve desired environmental outcomes, environmental condition and trends need to be rigorously measured and communicated to resource managers, scientists, and a broader general audience. However, there is often a disconnect between responsive ecosystem monitoring and decision making for strategic long-term management. This project demonstrates how historical monitoring data can be synthesized and used for future planning and decision making, thereby closing the management feedback cycle. This study linked disparate datasets, collected for a variety of purposes and across multiple temporal and spatial scales, in order to assess and quantify current habitat conditions. The results inform integrated resource management decision-making at Assateague Island National Seashore (Maryland and Virginia, USA) by using ecological reference conditions to identify monitoring needs, areas of high vulnerability, and areas with potential for improved management. The approach also provides a framework that can be applied in the future to assess the effectiveness of these management decisions on the condition of island habitats, and is a replicable demonstration of incorporating diverse monitoring datasets into an adaptive management cycle.

Establishing protected areas (PAs) is one of the most common land use policies implemented by governments to maintain healthy ecosystems at different spatial scales and in distinct socioeconomic settings. However, reliable knowledge on government spending in PAs and the factors that influence this spending is limited. In this study, we describe the public spending by the Brazilian government in a set of 289 federal PAs that altogether cover an area of 743,406 km2. Then, we assess how six contextual factors (area, age, population density, human development index [HDI], ecological regions, and management group) influence this spending. From 2013–2016, the Brazilian government invested at least US$197.8 million in 289 PAs. The average annual spending per km2 presents a wide variation, ranging from US$0.3/km2 to US$392,250/km2. A linear regression model indicates that (1) the annual public spending increases with PA size, PA age, human population density, and HDI; (2) multiple-use PAs receive fewer resources than strict-protection PAs do; and (3) no difference exists in the public spending in PAs between Amazon—the region perceived by the national population as the most important for Brazil’s natural resources—and other ecological regions in the country. Our study highlights the urgent need to document the flows of financial resources to PAs, with the aim of understanding their variation patterns and the processes that cause such a variation. Similar studies in other countries are required to evaluate if the patterns that we describe here are general or are country specific. Besides, separately assessing the investments coming from governments and the financial resources provided by other conservation investors (i.e., NGOs, multilateral, corporations) is worthwhile to produce a more comprehensive and nuanced view of financial flows to PAs.

Dyckia pseudococcinea L.B.Sm. is endemic to the restingas of Maricá, State of Rio de Janeiro, in southeastern Brazil. However, since this area is under intense ecological stress, D. pseudococcinea is considered an endangered plant species. An important step toward the conservation of this species is establishing the developmental stage most favorable to in vitro propagation. Accordingly, the present study analyzed the androecium to establish the developmental stages of anthers, emphasizing anther wall development, androsporogenesis and androgametogenesis. The relationships between the size of flowers and anthers were also studied. Anther wall development follows the basic-type, while the tapetum, which is originated from the subepidermal layer (inner secondary parietal layer 2 and archesporial initials), follows the secretory-type. Androsporogenesis is successive and originates isobilateral and decussate tetrads. The oblate and monosulcate pollen grains exhibit microreticulate exine and are dispersed at the bicellular stage. At the vacuolated stage, the androspore (microspore) is still proliferating and not yet completely differentiated. Therefore, since the androspore has not yet lost its embryonic capacity, we suggest the preferential use of this developmental stage, which is present in flower buds 6.4–7.1 mm in length, in conservation protocols focused on the androgenesis of D. pseudococcinea.

This work explains the tropical rain forest's main characteristics, and the reasons why this ecosystem play an important role in determining global biodiversity. The occupation process of the two Brazilian tropical rain forests (Atlantic and Amazon) are briefly described, with quantitative information on deforestation and its consequences. Human presence in these areas is millenary, and its role as a source of inrease, decrease and maintenance of biodiversity are exemplified. Different kinds of man/forest interactions (such as those characterizing indigenous people, riverside communities, caboclos, rubber tappers and agriculturis) and their relation to biodiversity, are desribed. The future occupational of the Brazilian tropical rain forest supplanting past mistakes, especially in the Amazon, is proposed as a triple challenge. The first challenge is to stop the destruction of the still-intact forest, and to plan its rational occupation. An example of how this has been done by rubber tappers in the state of Acre, and how it affects wildlife and vegetation communities is given. The second challenge is to reduce the migration flow towards the economic frontier areas, and to propose to the thousands of agriculturists already installed there alternatives to reconcile economic development and environmental preservation. In this case, the situation of a colonization project in the state of Rondoñia is described. The third challenge is to restore the biodiversity in the almost 400 000 km2 of land that have been occupied and degraded for a long time, as in the state of Tocantins. An example of how scientific research contributes to meeting this challenge is described.

The world’s wood demand from planted forests is expected to drastically increase in the following decades. Brazil displays very high levels of forest productivity for Pinus and Eucalyptus planted forests. Loblolly pine (Pinus taeda) is the most important species in terms of planted forest area in southern Brazil. There, it is mainly used for paper and pulpwood production, but also allows for multi-purpose and high quality wood production. Of particular interest is whether loblolly pine management in southern Brazil comprises a sustainable alternative to world’s wood demand. A promising tool to assess forest sustainability is named emergy synthesis (or emergy accounting). It is a top-down environmental accounting approach set out to assess holistically nature and society’s contributions toward a production process. It converts all forms of energy, materials, and human services into equivalents of one form of energy: Emergy, expressed in solar emjoules (seJ). This study aimed to assess the emergy-based sustainability of a loblolly pine wood production system practiced by a private forest company in southern Brazil (municipality of Rio Negrinho, Santa Catarina State). Data on society’s input (materials, fuels and labor) were provided by the company itself and subsequently checked through field measurements and personal communication with the forestry staff. Nature’s input was segregated into renewable and non-renewable resources, with their estimates being derived from literature information. Renewable natural resources in the form of rainfall comprised 82.4% of total emergy. The organic fraction of soil loss represented the emergy flow of non-renewable natural resources and accounted for 0.85% of total emergy. The remaining 16.75% of total emergy comprised society’s contribution. The loblolly pine system outperformed large-scale, intensively managed agriculture and eucalyptus production systems in Brazil as regards the emergy index of renewability. In relation to planted forests worldwide, this loblolly pine system displayed the lowest transformity, indicating that it was the most efficient system at producing a joule of wood per emergy investment. From the perspective of emergy synthesis, this loblolly pine production system is a feasible alternative to world’s wood demand and to sustainable land use in southern Brazil. While we perceived emergy synthesis to be an important tool to assess forest sustainability, we strongly argue that it should be complemented by other assessment approaches in order to consider, inter alia, short-term adverse impacts on soils and the socioeconomic benefits of providing job opportunities and ecosystem services.

Increasing temperatures and drought risks through climate change are expected to have several consequences for European forests. Adaptive strategies may include: (i) persistence of the current forest types, thanks to the acclimatization to local conditions and to phenotypic plasticity of the populations; (ii) evolution, or local adaptation, i.e., change in genotype (frequencies) within the same species due to environmental pressure. It is favored by large within population diversity and (when possible) gene flow among populations; (iii) migration and substitution of species; and (iv) extinction of populations with low ecological plasticity, especially at the edges of their distribution or in the case of isolated (relict) populations. Because of the economic and ecological relevance of forests, it is of fundamental importance to apply appropriate forest management to make forests able to cope with the new environmental conditions. This may include changes in the composition and structure of forest stands, selection of adapted provenances of the most important European tree species or, if this is regarded as insufficient, assisted migration (i.e., the use of species suitable for the future climatic conditions) and, alternatively, substitution of native with non native species. The intraspecific (genetic and phenotypic) variability at a given site has been proven to be often higher than the variability among sites. Species with a large distribution range are supposed to have a wide variety of genotypes, allowing them to be adapted to different environmental conditions. Genetic variability and phenotypic plasticity are the key factors for the identification of useful tree genotypes for future forestation programs. Adaptation to drought, i.e., the probably most important future abiotic risk factor for forestry, can be reflected in variation of key functional traits (FT), at morphological, physiological and phenological level. FT utilized to screen for adapted genotypes in common gardens and provenance trials include growth, survival, leaf flushing and senescence, foliar features as leaf mass per area and nitrogen content, water use efficiency (e.g., estimated by analysis of the stable carbon isotopes, δ13C) chlorophyll content, photosystem II functioning, and photosynthetic capacity under water shortage. Current modeled simulation of future forest distribution suggests the expansion of forests at the highest latitudes and altitudes, alongside with a reduction in the hottest and driest Mediterranean regions of South Europe. The general expectations, however, may be disproved especially at a regional level, by factors unexpected or not well known, such as possible extreme climatic events and increased roles of parasites/diseases (with negative effects), or high capacity of forest persistence or adaptation (with positive effects). Natural migration and species substitution can be hampered by co-factors of climate change, such as forest fragmentation and increased frequency and intensity of forest fires.

Understanding plant reproduction from an eco-phylogenetic perspective is essential because it allows us to predict how phenology could change in response to climatic changes. Unfortunately, reproductive patterns have been poorly explored in contemporary phylogenetic context until now. Closely related species are expected to reproduce in a similar ecological niche if phylogeny constrains the time of flowering and fruiting. In contrast, if climate determines phenology regardless of species affinities, species would randomly reproduce along favourable temporal axes. In this study, we used a clade of Neotropical Myrtaceae to test the influence of phylogenetic signal (PS) in phenology. Myrtaceae is the eighth largest angiosperm plant family in the world and the most speciose in the Atlantic rainforest. We reconstructed phylogenetic relationships among 57 Myrteae species plus an outgroup and quantified PS across three Atlantic rainforest communities: Saibadela, Cardoso and Picinguaba. Ecological factors were the main drivers of plant phenology. However, PS in plant reproduction was detected for flowering in Cardoso, suggesting a clade-specific response because flowering was conservative in the Gomidesia group. Fruiting in Saibadela also exhibited PS with phenological divergence between taxa with similar embryo shape and conservative fruiting time inside these groups, indicating that seed germination requirement can affect fruiting phenology. We suggest that investigation of PS in phenology should consider phylogenetic non-stationarity because evolutionary rates and ecological patterns are variable across taxa and often variable in short time scales. The identification of clades with conservative phenology, indicates the taxa most sensitive to climate change that can guide future conservation initiatives.

Invasive alien species have taken the place of native forest species worldwide, and particularly in island systems like the Azores. Species distribution models could be used to support the design of control strategies, including the definition of target areas. In this study we used species distribution modelling, performed with the ecological-niche factor analysis (ENFA) approach. Pittosporum undulatum is the most widespread woody invader in the Azores where it is considered as one of the priority species for control actions. On the other hand, Morella faya is a native woody plant facing several threats, including plant invasions. This paper aims to evaluate whether and where areas currently occupied by P. undulatum could also be favorable habitat for M. faya, thus providing support for future management actions. Occurrence data on P. undulatum and M. faya from a forest inventory were randomly split into training and testing datasets. Twenty six ecogeographical variables were used together with the training datasets in modelling. The modelling results were validated based on the continuous Boyce curve calculated with the testing datasets. We selected and compared the models of the highest predictive power and robustness for both species to define where M. faya could inhabit areas currently occupied by P. undulatum. The two species have quite similar environmental preferences, which correspond mainly to coastal lowlands and forested habitats characterized by relatively high temperature and wide ranges of low relative humidity values. The main difference between both species is that M. faya was considered more specialized according to current data. M. faya could potentially be used to replace P. undulatum in up to 24% of the Azorean area currently invaded, mostly in São Jorge and Pico Islands. According to our results, the ENFA modelling approach revealed to be a useful tool in the design of more efficient management strategies for woody plant invaders.

In this study, we analyzed seasonal variation in dietary composition and diversity, structure along the trophic axis, and prey selection in a stream-breeding anuran assemblage from Mexico. It is composed of four morphologically diverse species: three strictly arboreal (Hyalinobatrachium fleischmanni, Ptychohyla zophodes, and Rheohyla miotympanum) and one that occupies several microhabitats (Lithobates vaillanti). Dietary composition did not differ between seasons, but it differed among the four species. Araneae, Orthoptera, Homoptera, and Lepidoptera (adults) were the prey that accounted for most of the variation. Dietary diversity was higher in the dry than in the rainy season in L. vaillanti, and was higher in this species than in the other three. In the dry season, arthropods were more abundant but less diverse in the environment, and L. vaillanti and R. miotympanum consumed less prey than in the rainy season. Furthermore, we detected that the frog assemblage was nonrandomly structured only in the dry season. Hyalinobatrachium fleischmanni strongly selected Homoptera and Orthoptera, but did not select prey by their size within the size range consumed. Ptychohyla zophodes and R. miotympanum strongly selected Lepidoptera (adults and larvae) and selected their prey by their size in the dry season. Our results overall suggest that interspecific competition could be a strong force in shaping type and quantity of food consumed between the two hylids. Additionally, we found a wider array of microhabitats used and prey types consumed than previously reported for L. vaillanti. Lastly, the relatively specialized diet of the three strictly arboreal species, and their selection towards insects sensitive to habitat changes (homopterans and lepidopterans), make them particularly vulnerable to changes in arthropod communities.

This study presents a method to identify and rank potential sites for soil and water conservation techniques. The method takes into account environmental site assessment criteria and a decision-making method known as the Analytic Hierarchy Process. Spatial data is processed by applying a geographic information system and potential sites are ranked by a multi-criteria evaluation based on meteorologic, hydrologic, topographic, agronomic and pedologic criteria. The method is applied to identify potential sites for terraces and bund systems in the Ronquillo watershed, located in the northern Andes of Peru. The analysis indicates that 44% of the catchment area of the Ronquillo River is highly suited for the implementation of terraces, and 24% of the catchment area is highly suited for the implementation of bund systems. The preliminary identification of potential sites for soil and water conservation techniques may be a useful tool in the execution of resource conservation programs.

Human exploitation of sea turtles in Venezuela dates back at least 800 years and continues to the present day. The first concerns about the status of sea turtle populations arose in the 1970s, and the projects from this early era were a tagging program, beach evaluation and in situ nest protection. Since then, efforts to develop a sea turtle research and conservation sector in Venezuela have resulted in a number of successes and rather more failures. Among the achievements is a course “Sea Turtle Biology and Conservation Techniques”, which has now been run for 15 years and has educated several hundred participants and enabled the establishment of a valuable professional network, and the publication of the Venezuelan “Sea Turtle Recovery Action Plan” in 2000. But Venezuela shares with other developing countries some crucial shortcomings which have restricted the success of conservation and research efforts. Whilst regulations relating to protected areas and natural resource use have proliferated, enforcement is weak. Community-based projects and environmental education programs exist, but levels of participation are low. A large number of conservation approaches have been applied, including head-starting and nest translocation to hatcheries, but their value as conservation tools remains unproven. Research has increased, but its impact on decision-making is not significant. Taking an insider's perspective on the challenges to date in sea turtle research and conservation in Venezuela reveals much about the reality facing conservation scientists in developing countries and the forces that shape and can potentially derail research and conservation efforts.

The ‘Sierra de Guara’ Natural Park (81,491 ha, Huesca, Spain) is a protected Mediterranean mountain area dominated by shrub and forest pastures. Traditional agriculture, mainly extensive grazing systems, has decreased in the last decades; concurrently, invasion of shrub vegetation, landscape changes and higher risk of forest fires have been observed.A study, which started in 2000, was carried out with two broad objectives: at the farm level, to analyse the farming systems and evaluate management strategies; at the regional level, to give useful information to conservation authorities for better decision-making.An integrated approach with different spatial scales and methods of analysis was used. First, a survey covering all farms that utilized the Park was carried out and livestock farming systems were characterized in terms of grazing management, technical and socio-economic factors. Second, six representative areas were selected to evaluate, depending on livestock utilization, grass and shrub vegetation dynamics (biomass, green/dead ratio). Third, vegetation and livestock data were analysed using a Geographic Information System to identify constraining factors and areas of intervention. Key imbalances were identified that can threaten the sustainability of the Park: low continuity of farming families; intensification of the management system; degradation of grazing resources; and concentration of grazing areas. A number of management recommendations are raised.

Prized for their dense, rot-resistant wood, Tabebuia impetiginosa and T. serratifolia (vernacular name = ipê) are among the most valuable Amazonian timbers. We analyzed the geographical extent, spread and trajectory of ipê logging in Brazilian Amazonia, and evaluated harvest pressure on this forest resource. We also examine Tabebuia population response to reduced-impact logging, a more ecologically benign alternative to destructive conventional harvest practices in Amazonia. Based on eight years of population monitoring at multiple sites in the eastern Brazilian Amazon, we project second harvest ipê yields in forests logged using RIL under legally allowable (90% of commercial stems) and reduced (70%) harvest intensities.In recent years ipê harvests have declined or ceased in the majority of old logging frontiers in eastern Amazonia while spreading to new logging frontiers in central and southwestern Amazonia. With current timber market prices, transportation infrastructure and harvesting costs, logging of ipê would be profitable in an estimated 63% of the Brazilian Amazon; in the more remote logging frontiers only logging of ipê and a few other high-value timbers is currently profitable. All populations of T. impetiginosa and T. serratifolia in northeastern forests showed drastic population declines over multiple RIL harvests in simulations, with no indication of population recovery over the long term. We conclude from study of Tabebuia populations in eastern Amazonia and modeling of response to logging that these two species are endangered by logging activity and merit additional protection under forest legislation.

Over 30,000 species of animals and plants that are, or may be, detrimentally affected by international trade are listed on the Appendices of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Fauna (CITES). The Convention aims to regulate transboundary trade in species and their derivatives through a system of permits and certificates, and to ensure that such trade conforms to the principle of sustainability. In the developing world, a considerable component of its biodiversity lives outside protected areas where governments have limited potential to manage wildlife. Based on selected vertebrate and plant species, this paper concludes that: (1) use of wildlife in developing countries is more likely to be an imperative rather than a choice; (2) the legal instruments of CITES have limited capacities to ensure that international trade is sustainable; (3) sustainable use of species is best achieved by gaining the support of affected local communities; (4) community support can be maximized by the devolution of ownership or user rights of species from the state to, e.g., the communal level, and the development of effective economic incentive structures to prevent alternative land-use strategies; (5) countries in southern Africa have pioneered devolution of ownership/user rights to the district/communal level; (6) in combination with effective CITES trade controls, trade opportunities, rather than trade restrictions, are most likely to assist in the development of incentive-driven conservation strategies; (7) to avoid negative incentives and to increase awareness of livelihoods, the international CITES community may need to consider whether CITES Appendices I and II listing decisions should be based not only on biological/trade criteria but also on socio-economic considerations, if it is in the conservation interest of the species concerned; (8) a strategic cooperation with the Convention for Biological Diversity (CBD) could improve strategies for sustainable trade; (9) while incentive-driven conservation can provide significant longer-term potential for the protection of animal and plant species, it may be most difficult to achieve for species whose high-value products have a long tradition in medicinal use and (10) the conditions under which incentive-driven conservation is most likely to promote sustainable use need to be clearly identified.

Hydrology plays a critical role in wetland development and ecosystem structure and functions. Hydrologic responses to forest management and climate change are diverse in the Southern United States due to topographic and climatic differences. This paper presents a comparison study on long-term hydrologic characteristics (long-term seasonal runoff patterns, water balances, storm flow patterns) of three watersheds in the southern US. These three watersheds represent three types of forest ecosystems commonly found in the lower Atlantic coastal plain and the Appalachian upland mountains. Compared to the warm, flat, and shallow groundwater dominated pine flatwoods on the coast, the inland upland watershed was found to have significantly higher water yield, Precipitation/Hamon's potential evapotranspiration ratio (1.9 for upland vs 1.4 and 0.9 for wetlands), and runoff/precipitation ratio (0.53±0.092 for upland vs 0.30±0.079 and 0.13±0.094 for wetlands). Streamflow from flatwoods watersheds generally are discontinuous most of the years while the upland watershed showed continuous flows in most years. Stormflow peaks in a cypress–pine flatwoods system were smaller than that in the upland watershed for most cases, but exceptions occurred under extreme wet conditions. Our study concludes that climate is the most important factor in determining the watershed water balances in the southern US. Topography effects streamflow patterns and stormflow peaks and volume, and is the key to wetland development in the southern US.

he oceans appear ideal for biodiversity — they have unlimited water, a large area, are well connected, have less extreme temperatures than on land, and contain more phyla and classes than land and fresh waters. Yet only 16% of all named species on Earth are marine. Species richness decreases with depth in the ocean, reflecting wider geographic ranges of deep sea than coastal species. Here, we assess how many marine species are named and estimated to exist, paying particular regard to whether discoveries of deep-sea organisms, microbes and parasites will change the proportion of terrestrial to marine species. We then review what factors have led to species diversification, and how this knowledge informs conservation priorities. The implications of this understanding for marine conservation are that the species most vulnerable to extinction will be large and endemic. Unfortunately, these species are also the most threatened by human impacts. Such threats now extend globally, and thus the only refuges for these species will be large, permanent, fully protected marine reserves.

nding and mitigating the impact of an ever-increasing population and global economic activity on tropical forests is one of the great challenges currently facing biologists, conservationists and policy makers. Tropical forests currently face obvious regional changes, both negative and positive, and uncertain global changes. Although deforestation rates have increased to unprecedented levels, natural secondary succession has reclaimed approximately 15% of the area deforested during the 1990s. Governments have also protected 18% of the remaining tropical moist forest; however, unsustainable hunting continues to threaten many keystone mammal and bird species. The structure and dynamics of old-growth forests appear to be rapidly changing, suggesting that there is a pantropical response to global anthropogenic forcing, although the evidence comes almost exclusively from censuses of tree plots and is controversial. Here, I address ongoing anthropogenic change in tropical forests and suggest how these forests might respond to increasing anthropogenic pressure.

With four species of ruminants, including red deer, roe deer, moose, and European bison, the Białowieża Primeval Forest is unique on the European continent, where only one to three ungulate species are usually found. The present study is the first effort to explore the dietary overlap of a European community of sympatric ruminants using 3D dental microwear texture analysis. Results obtained for ungulates from the Białowieża Forest were compared with those of four species with well known differences in diet (semi-wild Heck cattle, African buffaloes, giraffes, and yellow-backed duikers). These ruminants frame the spectrum of expected 3D dental microwear textures among ruminants: C3 and C4 grazers share high anisotropy and low to intermediate complexity while browsers display intermediate to high complexity associated with low anisotropy. No significant differences between browsers (moose and roe deer) and mixed feeders (red deer) were detected by this analysis supporting a significant overlap in diet found in Białowieża. The results on the fourth ruminant are unequivocal: the European bison is not grazer but instead is highly engaged in browsing. Furthermore, through 3D dental microwear texture analysis, the high plasticity in feeding behavior of the European bison can be tracked depending on the seasons and on available access to feeding supplements during the winter.

The eastern hardwood forests of the US may be threatened by the changing atmospheric chemistry and by changes in harvesting levels. Many studies have documented accelerated base cation losses with intensive forest harvesting. Acidic deposition can also alter nutrient cycling in these forests. The combination of increased harvesting, shorter rotations, and more intensive harvesting, along with the potential for N and S saturation due to changing atmospheric chemistry in the eastern US, raises concerns about the long-term productivity of these commercially important eastern hardwood forests. We review the literature describing the effects of intensive harvesting and acidic atmospheric deposition on budgets of base nutrients which presents evidence that the ambient levels of N and S deposition are leading to N and S saturation and elevated base leaching from the soil in some eastern forests, and we discuss potential concerns for long-term productivity. We also discuss criteria and indicators for monitoring sustainability of the soils of these forests.

Reef ecosystems are amply distributed and ecologically relevant in Mexico, however, there is not an integrated inventory of these ecosystems, and information about uses and pressures is disperse. With the aim of generating updated information that allows to know the presence and distribution of the different types of reefs (coral, rocky-coral, rocky, and rocky with Macrocystis pyrifera), as well as to know the uses and pressures to which they are subjected. In this article we present an inventory of the 755 reef ecosystems known in Mexico based in a literature review of 194 documents and validated by informal interviews to key Mexican experts. Mexican reefs are distributed in seven regions identified for reef management purposes, according to the combination of eight maritime regionalization proposals of the Mexican seas. The main uses of reef ecosystems are fishing, tourism, nautical, and mining, which produce eight main pressures: pollution, habitat fragmentation, coral bleaching, overfishing, exotic species introduction, sedimentation, coral mortality, and coral diseases. These uses and pressures are distributed heterogeneously in the seven reef regions. The main conservation tool used by Mexican Federal Government to protect these reefs are the Marine Protected Areas (MPAs). Almost 45% of the listed reefs are within one of the 30 Mexican MPAs, being the coral reefs the ones that predominate in this protection scheme. In this research we present relevant information for the management of the reef ecosystems of Mexico, which support the debate on the analysis of public policies for their conservation.

Soil charcoal analysis was performed on soil profiles excavated in the area of Cecita Lake on the Sila Massif (Calabria, southern Italy). Charcoals identification, combined with a good number of radiocarbon dating and the pedological analysis of the soils, allowed drawing a detailed history of the Holocene vegetation changes in the area. Five periods characterised by high concentration of radiocarbon dates – mirroring increased fire activity – are documented at ca. 10400-9000 BP, 8200-7200 BP, 5100-3700 BP, 3300-2400 BP and 600 BP to the present. Furthermore, a severe environmental change took place between the Middle Bronze Age and the Final Bronze Age/Iron Age (ca. 3600 to 3000 BP), when the mixed deciduous oak-silver fir woodland, which dominated the landscape until the Early Bronze Age, declined and was substituted by a Calabrian pine forest or by an open landscape. Available climate, pollen and historical/archaeological data are taken into account to investigate the possible causes of the detected environmental change and of the periods of increased fire activity. If climate seems to play a role in the fire regime during the first part of the Holocene, human action seems to be the triggering factor in the environmental change and the fire regime during the Late Holocene.

Nectar availability for hummingbirds was studied for two and a half years in an island of flooded forest in Uberlândia, MG, in the Cerrado region, the Neotropical savanna areas in Central Brazil. Flowering individuals of ten plant species from eight families that offered resources potentially used by hummingbirds were recorded along transects crisscrossing the area, which were surveyed every other week. The number of flowers was estimated for each plant. The volume and concentration of nectar were measured for a sample of flowers of each species, and the data were used to estimate the caloric content available per flower and the general resource availability in the area throughout the study period. Focal observations of hummingbird visits were carried out on blooming individuals of all plant species. Hummingbird flowers occurred throughout the study period between January 2001 and June 2003. Only three of the studied plants did not present clear ornithophilous features. Six hummingbird species were recorded in the area, but total nectar availability in the area was seldom sufficient for the daily energy requirements of a single bird. Therefore, it can be inferred from the study that these hummingbirds need to move among the mosaic of different plant physiognomies in the region in order to obtain enough energy for their survival. These movements may also contribute to increasing gene flow and regeneration of plant populations isolated in forest patches as the one studied here.

To examine the influence of fragmentation in forested habitats on wintering bird populations, 32 oak Quercus hickory Carya forest patches were sampled morning and afternoon from 15 December 1988 to 15 March 1989 within the Central Basin, Tennessee. A modified line-transect method was used to estimate species richness, individual species density, and total density within each patch; corresponding species diversity and evenness values were computed. Simple and stepwise multiple regression of each community parameter against total area, core area, perimeter, edge, and two measures of regional forest context revealed no significant relationships. Species diversity, richness, and evenness were similar within forest tracts among three patch-size categories: 0–99 ha; 100–200 ha; and >200 ha. Analyses of species abundance against forest patch and landscape characteristics indicated that only four of 12 species recorded showed any significant relationship with measured habitat features. These data suggest that neither wintering bird density nor diversity within the Central Basin is area-dependent.

We developed a multimetric index based on macroinvertebrates to assess ecological condition of wadeable streams in Rio de Janeiro State, southeast Brazil. To do so we used a set of 12 reference and 12 severely impaired sites sampled in the summer wet season as calibration sites. Nine metrics were selected based on their abilities to distinguish between reference and impaired sites and their independence from other metrics. Metrics retained in the final index were: family richness; Trichoptera family richness; Shannon family diversity; % Plecoptera individuals; % Ephemeroptera, Plecoptera and Trichoptera (EPT) individuals; % mollusk and Diptera individuals; % shredder individuals; proportion Chironomidae/Diptera individuals; and proportion Hydropsychidae/Trichoptera individuals. The final 9 metrics were standardized; then the Guapiaçu-Macau Multimetric Index (GMMI) was calculated, yielding a final index score ranging from 0 to 100. We validated the index through use of 19 sites subject to different levels of impairment, sampled both in summer and in winter. Our final multimetric index distinguished well between different levels of impairment and was strongly correlated with other disturbance measures. Temporal stability was also tested through use of 8 sites that were sampled in both seasons, and results showed no significant changes in the index final score among seasons. Our research represents one of the first initiatives in Brazil to develop a multimetric index for use in a spatially extensive bioassessment program extending across substantial natural and disturbance gradients. It can be a useful tool to help conserve streams in Atlantic forest conservation areas. We suggest that the methodology established here offers a foundation for similar index development and assessments in Brazil.

Floristic and structural data of oak dune forests in western Jutland (Kaergård and Blåbjerg) were collected in 1998 and compared with previous studies of Danish oligotrophic oak forests.A hierarchical divisive clustering resulted in four main clusters, containing two coastal oak vegetation types, Quercus robur–Carex arenaria and Q. robur–Pleurozium schreberi communities, both restricted to the oak dune forest areas in western Jutland, and two more widespread oak forest types, Q. robur–Vaccinium myrtillus and Q. robur–Holcus mollis communities.The low-growing Q. robur–C. arenaria shrub and forest vegetation occurs primarily in the outer dunes, with the tallest trees on the leeward sides of the dunes, while a Q. robur–P. schreberi community is found in the inner parts of the dune system. The similarity to a considerable number of the acidophilous vascular plant species closely relates the Danish oak dune forest communities to the Pinus sylvestris or P. sylvestris–Q. robur vegetation described in neighbouring countries, suggesting that P. sylvestris probably had a prominent role in the Danish oak dune forests before human exploitation caused its extinction in the 18th century.The low-growing oak shrub in the outer dunes, aged between 52 and 85 years, generally seems to have remained unchanged in floristic composition and structure since 1964 when the previous study on the shrub was performed.In the dune valleys, oak stand-level dieback is widespread and was latest recorded in 1985. Such retrogressive processes are probably due to a combination of low winter temperatures and other adverse climatic conditions. In the central parts of the oak dune forest, the oak trees, aged between 55 and 73 years, grow to a higher stature, but also here stand-level dieback is widespread leading to retrogression. Only in the innermost parts, a regular forest cover seems to prevail with trees of 68–104 years of age and the development of the field vegetation cover progresses into a typical forest community. This is exemplified by the decrease of light-demanding species and the establishment of true forest species like Oxalis acetosella and Dryopteris dilatata.The structure and poor-species diversity make the oak dune forest unique both in Denmark and on an international scale. We recommend further studies of the remnants of the original, and in the past probably more widespread dune forests in Denmark, and drawing up of a detailed management and conservation plan. The possibility of permitting the native and now reintroduced P. sylvestris to re-colonise the oak dune forest area and be part of the natural vegetation succession processes should be seriously considered.

We studied the pollination success of the orchid Oncidium ascendens in two contrasting patches of dry tropical forest; a well-preserved deciduous forest and a tract of continuously disturbed agricultural-pastoral field landscape. O. ascendens is a self-incompatible species whose sexual reproduction depends on cross pollination by the native bee Trigona nigra. We recorded pollinia removal and fruit production during three consecutive years. On average, pollinia removal was three times higher in the well-preserved habitat patch than in the disturbed patch. The rate of pollinia removal increased by about 7% through the 3 years in the forest patch but decreased by 5% in the disturbed site. Fruit production remained relatively constant from year to year in the well-preserved site and decreased in the disturbed patch. On average, fruit production was two times higher in the forest site than in the disturbed patch. Currently O. ascendens is common in both areas, but these results suggest that agricultural activities disrupt pollination and may eventually alter the overall reproductive success and persistence of the orchid population.

The Atlantic Forest (AF) of South America harbors one of the world’s highest bird species richness, but to date there is a deficient understanding of the spatial patterns of genetic diversity and the evolutionary history of this biome. Here we estimated the phylogenetic and populational history of the widespread Mouse-colored Tapaculo (Scytalopus speluncae) complex across the Brazilian AF, using data from two mitochondrial genes and 12 microsatellite loci. Both markers uncovered several cryptic, mostly allopatric and well-supported lineages that may represent distinct species-level taxa. We investigated whether diversification in S. speluncae is compatible with the Carnaval-Moritz model of Pleistocene refugia. We found that northern lineages have high levels of genetic diversity, agreeing with predictions of more stable forest refugia in these areas. In contrast, southern lineages have lower levels of mtDNA diversity with a signature of population expansion that occurred earlier (∼0.2 Mya) than the last glacial maximum. This result suggests that the AF may be stable enough to maintain endemic taxa through glacial cycles. Moreover, we propose that the “mid-Pleistocene climate transition” between 1.2 and 0.7 million years ago, from a warmer to a colder climate, may have played an important but mostly overlooked role in the evolution of AF montane taxa.

Populations of forest birds were studied during two years of an outbreak of the elm spanworm Ennomus subsignarius (Hbn.) in a silviculturally unmanaged, old-growth conifer–northern hardwood forest on the Appalachian Plateau, PA. Canopy defoliation of hardwoods (mostly American beech Fagus grandifolia and red maple Acer rubrum) increased by at least 50% during the local peak of the outbreak (1993); territorial densities of birds were the highest (15% greater) during the regional peak of the outbreak (1994). Compared to a nearby but uninfested forest of similar age and composition, total bird abundance was as much as 22–33% higher at sites with extensive spanworm defoliation. In addition to canopy gleaners, several other foraging guilds exhibited one or more significant numerical responses to outbreak location or intensity, including bark foraging, understory gleaning, ground foraging, and pursuing species. Like other irruptions of forest Lepidoptera, populations of arboreal canopy-gleaning Parulinae (the warblers D. magnolia, D. fusca) were especially prone to fluctuate during this geometrid irruption.

Forest management practices imposed at one spatial scale may affect the patterns and processes of ecosystems at other scales. These impacts and feedbacks on the functioning of ecosystems across spatial scales are not well understood. We examined the effects of silvicultural manipulations simulated at two spatial scales of management planning on landscape pattern and assessed the implications for forest-interior bird species. Landscape context was taken into consideration in determining harvest locations in the landscape-base management planning scenario but not in the stand-base planning scenario (where the focus of planning activities was at the level of individual stands and the context in which stands were located was not considered). We also compared ecological implications of patterns created at the stand and landscape levels by even- and uneven-age silvicultural systems. We used a harvest simulator (HARVEST) to simulate even-age, uneven-age and a combination of even- and uneven-age management systems for a period of 5 decades in the two forest management planning scenarios. Clearcuts of 5 to 16 ha were simulated to represent even-age management and small openings of 0.09 to 0.22 ha scattered throughout a stand were simulated to represent uneven-age management. Forest management that considered landscape context generated greater landscape total core area compared to that of the stand-base planning. There was a difference in landscape mean patch size, interspersion index, Simpson's diversity index and total core area for patches defined by stand age between stand- and landscape-base management planning. These results indicate that different landscape patterns can be produced by management planning conducted at different spatial scales. The scale of focus should depend on the management goals. Silvicultural manipulations at the stand level can cause the creation of different patterns at the stand and landscape levels. Such differences can lead to different ecological implications at each of those levels, thereby making it difficult to simply aggregate stand-level responses to the landscape-level. Furthermore, the ecological effects of landscape patterns on processes can be highly variable as the effects depend on how patches are defined.

Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) community composition and species richness are affected by several factors including soil attributes and plant host. In this paper we tested the hypothesis that conversion of tropical Amazon forest to pasture changes taxonomic composition of AMF community but not community species abundance and richness. Soil samples were obtained in 300 m × 300 m plots from forest (n = 11) and pasture (n = 13) and fungal spores extracted, counted and identified. A total of 36 species were recovered from both systems, with 83% of them pertaining to Acaulosporaceae and Glomeraceae. Only 12 species were shared between systems and spore abundance of the majority of fungal species did not differ between pasture and forest. Spore abundance was significantly higher in pasture compared to forest but both systems did not differ on mean species richness, Shannon diversity and Pielou equitability. Species abundance distribution depicted by species rank log abundance plots was not statistically different between both systems. We concluded that conversion of pristine tropical forest to pasture influences the taxonomic composition of AMF communities while not affecting species richness and abundance distribution.

Defaunation, originally conceived as the loss of large vertebrates due to hunting or fragmentation, has been widely used in conservation studies yet the term has been arbitrarily used and poorly defined. Here we refine this term by creating a quantitative index that can be used to compare ecological communities over large zoogeographical regions. We propose a defaunation index (D) as a weighted measure of dissimilarity between the current assemblage of a given location and a reference assemblage that represents a historical and/or unperturbed state. We analyzed the index by means of three case studies that included two empirical assessments of mammal communities in Neotropical rainforests and one hypothetical example, encompassing a variety of criteria to quantify differences in species density and importance. These cases illustrate the broad range of index applicability and show that incorporating functional differences among species, such as those based on body size, conservation status or evolutionary originality can add important information beyond simply species richness.

From native pre-Columbian subsistence economies to the modern global economy, mangroves have played an important role providing goods and services to human societies for millennia. More than 90% of the world’s mangroves are located in developing countries, where rates of destruction are increasing rapidly and on large scales. In order to design effective conservation strategies, it is critical to understand the natural dynamics and anthropogenic drivers of these coastal wetland habitats. We use retrospective techniques to reconstruct mangrove forest history in the Eastern Tropical Pacific. We examine available, present day estimates of mangrove area and evaluate the representation of mangroves in the protected area systems of Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia and Ecuador, evaluating existing policies regarding mangroves. Archaeozoological evidence shows that mangroves were exploited for many thousands of years by pre-Columbian societies. Post-conquest deforestation prevailed during the next 400 years. Since 1990, despite increasingly positive attitudes towards mangroves and their inclusion in protected areas and conservation policies, mangrove cover has continued to decline due to expanding human activities (agriculture, aquaculture, coastal development), even in the presence of laws prohibiting their removal. Here we provide an historical ecology baseline of mangroves in the Eastern Tropical Pacific, from which to view current trends and map future trajectories. Given the myriad negative consequences of mangrove loss recorded worldwide, and the strong ecological connectivity of the region, developing effective strategies for mangrove management at an appropriate scale will be paramount to protect coastal livelihoods and biodiversity.

In this study we applied collective/mandatory and individual/voluntary payment vehicles to elicit public claim for governmental investments of urban coastal nature reserves; to verify the efficiency of either payment formats to recall protest voters declared under the other and sensitivity of respondents to reveal willingness to pay-WTP for maintenance and conservation of reserves. Results showed higher WTP bids and valuation under collective and mandatory payment format and supplied evidence that in developing countries people nurture expectancy on governmental actions and funding to conserve natural landscapes. The difference between the non-use values estimated under the two payment vehicles was USD 3.5 millions. For the purpose of this study, this indicates the amount claimed by local people for governmental investment in the coastal urban nature reserves. Ecological knowledge on the reserves have a positive effect on non-use values, underlining the role of information to increase people understanding on benefits supplied by nature reserve and to enable them to declared the utility attributed to these areas in economic terms.

Mixed forest plantations now emerge as an alternative to traditional plantations in the tropics and represent ecological gains associated with production, wood quality and nutrient cycling. Mixed plantations with higher diversity may also be advantageous concerning their use of soil water. To shed light onto water-related issues of mixing Eucalyptus and a high diversity of tropical native trees, we explored the following questions: What is the impact of high diversity mixed plantations of Eucalyptus intercropped with native trees on soil water? How does the mixture affect the physiology of water use in native trees? Firstly, we tested the hypothesis that stands of Eucalyptus mixed with a high diversity of native trees consume less water compared to Eucalyptus monocultures, by measuring the temporal dynamics of soil water. Secondly, we tested how mixing with Eucalyptus affects the hydraulic performance of fast- and slow-growing native species in these forestry systems. This is the first time a large experiment has been implemented to compare the effects of monospecific Eucalyptus plantations, native species mixtures and mixed plantations of Eucalyptus and native species on soil water dynamics under controlled conditions in terms of site, age, soil type, topography and climate. We found that high diversity mixed plantations of Eucalyptus and native trees use less soil water, than Eucalyptus monocultures. However, the soil under the mixtures was drier than in native species stands. The mixing with Eucalyptus affected the hydraulic performance of native species by decreasing the leaf water potential and stomatal conductance of the fast-growing species, suggesting that fast-growing species performance may be especially constrained by competition for water from Eucalyptus. These findings have important implications for forest management and ecological restoration in the tropics. They will help to further develop silvicultural options to adapt to climate change and improve plantation forestry by using mixed plantations for production purposes or rehabilitation of degraded lands.

The freshwater pearl mussel (Margaritifera margaritifera) is declining throughout its entire range. On the river Rede, North-East England, the population has been equally declining and shows no apparent recruitment. The study presented here aimed at characterizing water quality and habitat conditions for pearl mussels to identify possible indicators of pressures on the population and inform a restoration and conservation strategy. Water quality monitoring revealed levels of turbidity and suspended sediments to be above the limit set for functional pearl mussel rivers. Substrate sampling revealed silt was present at all sites. A loss of redox potential between the water column and the substrate occurred at all sites, indicating non suitable conditions for juvenile pearl mussels. These investigations suggest that fine sediment input in the river could be one of the factors preventing the development and survival of juvenile mussels while adults face water quality largely affected by high turbidity and high phosphate load. Restoration strategy for the Rede pearl mussel population should focus mainly on limiting sediment and nutrient input in the river throughout the catchment in order to improve habitat for juvenile pearl mussels. This work highlights the need for a catchment-based approach in order to succeed in the conservation of a fragile species.

The replacement of natural by anthropogenic habitat changes biological communities in any biome. Variations in environmental conditions along the chronosequence of tree plantations may act as a gradient of environmental filtering where the gain or loss of species occurs. It is expected that environmental filtering increases with the decrease in environmental similarity between the plantations and the natural habitat. Young tree plantations are structurally more similar to grasslands than to mature plantations, which in turn are structurally more similar to subtropical forest than young plantations. This study compares patterns of beta diversity across exotic pine plantation chronosequences in contrasting biomes. We predict that taxonomic and functional beta diversity between plantation and the natural habitat assemblages increase with plantation age in grasslands and decrease in the subtropical forest. We sampled epigean ants and measured environmental variables at 54 plantations of different ages and natural habitats in grassland and forest biomes in Argentina. Taxonomic and functional beta diversity between natural habitat and pine plantations were estimated through dissimilarity indexes of turnover and nestedness. To assess the response of beta diversity estimators to plantation age we performed general linear and non-linear models. Results revealed opposite beta diversity patterns between biomes along the plantation cycle. Turnover increased and nestedness decreased with declining environmental similarity between pine plantations and the natural habitats; changes in the identity of the species were coupled to changes in their functional characteristics. Thus, a given environmental gradient may produce different diversity patterns depending on the regional species pool. Forestry practices that generate environmental conditions similar to natural environments could help to conserve species from the natural habitat.

The Brazilian native vegetation supports essential ecosystem services and biodiversity for the global society, while land use competition may intensify around the increasing needs for food, fibre and bioenergy. The Brazilian Forest Act of 2012 amplified a market-based mechanism for offsetting native vegetation deficits in private farmlands. This mechanism enables a large-scale trading system allowing landholders to offset their own deficits of native vegetation by purchasing certificates associated with a surplus of native vegetation from other landholders. This mechanism is an alternative for the more expensive restoration of native vegetation on own land. The launching of the mechanism now depends on specific regulations at state level, which may include geographical restrictions for offsetting deficits. The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects in nature protection and socio-economic development of different offsetting implementation alternatives. Our findings suggest that in a business-as-usual scenario the offsetting mechanism may have little or no additional effects on protection of native vegetation, because most of the offsetting is likely to take place where native vegetation is already protected by prevailing legislations. We concluded that it is possible to maximise environmental and socio-economic returns from the offsetting mechanism without undermining productive land. This would be possible if regulations ensure additionality in nature protection while enabling a self-sustaining mechanism for income generation for small-scale family farmers in the poorest region of Brazil, protecting biodiversity and counteracting major trade-offs between ecosystem services.

This study investigated how changes in forest fragment size and structure affect small mammal community structure in the Brazilian Atlantic forest. Forest fragments were of three sizes (small: 60–80 ha; medium: 860 ha; large: approximately 36 000 ha) and two disturbance conditions, primary and secondary. Forests were subject to a 17-month capture/recapture program for small mammals ( < 1000 g). The total trapping effort was of 57 120 trap nights, 9520 at each of six forests. During the course of the study, 692 individuals, belonging to 19 small mammal species, were captured 1366 times.The highest number of species (14) and total number of individuals trapped (190) were obtained at the large secondary forest. Both the small and the large primary forests had fewer species (6) and fewer individuals (70 and 57, respectively). The medium-size forests and the small secondary forest had 9 species each.Discriminant analysis indicated that differences in species composition of small mammal communities were not adequately explained by microhabitat preferences, with two exceptions. Species interactions were also poor predictors of community structure and composition, with the noted exception of interactions between the common opossum Didelphis marsupialis and other species. Smallerforest plots, especially among secondary habitat, are dominated by D. marsupialis, which are apparently able to exclude other species from these small mammal communities. It is postulated here that the lack of predators in smaller forests is the factor responsible for the observed lower species richness and diversity of these communities.

Edge contrast, is one of the main determinants of edge effects. This study examines the response of plant and pollinator diversity (bees and butterflies) to forest edge contrast, i.e. the difference between forests and adjacent open habitats with different disturbance regimes. We also investigated a potential cascading effect from plants to pollinators and whether edge structure and landscape composition mediate the relationship between edge contrast and beta diversity of pollinators. We sampled 51 low-contrast edges where forests were adjacent to habitats showing low levels of disturbance (i.e. grey dunes, mowed fire-breaks, orchards, grasslands) and 29 high-contrast edges where forests were adjacent to more intensively disturbed habitats (i.e. tilled firebreaks, oilseed rape) in three regions of France. We showed that plant diversities were higher in edges than in adjacent open habitat, whatever the edge contrast. However, plant beta diversity did not differ significantly between low and high-contrast edges. While we observed higher pollinator diversities in adjacent habitats than in low-contrast edges, there were no significant differences in pollinator beta diversity depending on edge contrast. We did not observe a cascading effect from plants to pollinators. Plant and bee beta diversities were mainly explained by local factors (edge structure and flower cover) while butterfly beta diversity was explained by surrounding landscape characteristics (proportion of land cover in grassland).

Populations of large mammals are severely depleted by hunting in tropical forests, with direct effects on plant regeneration. But indirect consequences on commensal taxa depending on them for food resources, like coprophagous beetles, are less documented. Cascading effects of species loss across Scarabaeinae are expected, with likely significant negative implications for ecosystem functions. We examined dung beetle assemblages using pitfall traps at three rain forest sites in French Guiana ranging from intact mammalian fauna (Nouragues) to moderate (Kaw) and heavy (Matoury) defaunation. The site with the most depauperate mammalian fauna showed significantly lower dung beetle species richness than the two other two sites, which were not different from each other. Mean abundance and biomass per trap were not different across sites whereas community composition strongly differed among sites. A positive correlation was observed between body size and the individual contribution to dissimilarity between Nouragues and Kaw. The species contributing the most to dissimilarity were large. By contrast, one medium-sized species, dominant in Matoury, contributed the most to dissimilarity between Matoury and other sites. Diurnal genera of large tunnellers showed a higher diversity and abundance in Nouragues compared to other sites, whereas a nocturnal genus showed no differences. Large rollers were more abundant in Kaw compared to other sites. None of the groups of small beetles but one were affected by defaunation. Our results suggest that loss of large mammal populations affects dung beetle assemblage structure and causes decreasing abundance or disappearance of large tunnellers species that have a major impact on several dung beetle-mediated ecological processes.

In this paper, the vulnerability of two dune fields located in southern Brazil (São Francisco do Sul Island) and western Italy (Tuscany) has been defined through the implementation of a Coastal Dune Vulnerability Index (CDVI). As the sites belonged to settings characterized by huge differences in terms of physical processes (Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea), the index has been adapted accordingly to minimize the influence of the dissimilarities in an attempt to define potential vulnerability parameters they might have in common. Five main groups of factors were taken into account in the design of the index: Geomorphological Condition of the Dune system (GCD), Marine Influence (MI), Aeolian Effect (AE), Vegetation Condition (VC), and Human Effect (HE) for a total of 51 variables. A total vulnerability index was calculated for each site. Cluster analysis and non-metric multidimensional scaling identified two main groups characterized by medium values of vulnerability (0.32–0.49): as a result, the vulnerability of both sites can be defined as “medium”. In more detail, GCD turned out to be the most influent factor on both settings; subordinately, marine influence also resulted relevant on the Oceanic site. The CDVI proved to be a flexible tool, as it was easily adjusted to work on such different sites. In this sense it will be of great support to increase the awareness of coastal managers and decision makers about the mutual interactions of many factors and processes that contribute to the evolution of coastal dunes regardless of the geographical setting.

Forest cover maps were produced for the Gabonese Agency for Space Studies and Observations (AGEOS) for 1990, 2000 and 2010 for an area of approximately 102,000 km2 corresponding to 38% of the total area of Gabon and representative of the range of human pressure on forest resources. The maps were constructed using a combination of a semi-automated classification procedure and manual enhancements to ensure the greatest possible accuracy. A two-stage area frame sampling approach was adopted to collect reference data for assessing the accuracy of the forest cover maps and to estimate proportion forest cover and net proportion deforestation. A total of 251 2 × 2 km segments or primary sample units (PSUs) were visually interpreted by a team of photo-interpreters independently from the map production team to produce a reference dataset representing about 1% of the study area. Paired observations were extracted from the forest cover map and the reference data for a random selection of 50 secondary sample units (SSUs) in the form of pixels within each PSU. Overall map accuracies were greater than 95%. PSU and SSU outputs were used to estimate proportion forest cover and net proportion deforestation using both direct expansion and model-assisted regression (MAR) estimators. All proportion forest cover estimates were similar, but the variances of the MAR estimates were smaller than variances for the direct expansion estimates by factors as great as 50. In addition, SSU-level estimates had standard errors slightly greater than those of PSU-level estimates, but the differences were small, particularly when auxiliary variables were obtained from forest cover maps. Therefore, a two-stage sampling approach was justified for collecting a reliable forest cover reference dataset for estimating proportion forest cover area and net proportion deforestation. Finally, despite large overall map accuracies, net proportion deforestation estimates obtained from the maps alone can be misleading as indicated by the finding that the MAR estimates, which included adjustment for bias estimates, were twice the non-adjusted map estimates for the periods 1990–2000 and 1990–2010. The results confirmed the expected generally small level of net deforestation for Gabon. However, loss of forest cover appears to have almost stopped in the last 10 years. One explanation could be the creation of national parks and the implementation of forest concession management plans from 2000 onward, but this should be further explored.

This study compiles and summarizes the existing knowledge about observed and projected impacts of climate change on forests in Europe. Forests will have to adapt not only to changes in mean climate variables but also to increased variability with greater risk of extreme weather events, such as prolonged drought, storms and floods. Sensitivity, potential impacts, adaptive capacity, and vulnerability to climate change are reviewed for European forests. The most important potential impacts of climate change on forest goods and services are summarized for the Boreal, Temperate Oceanic, Temperate Continental, Mediterranean, and mountainous regions. Especially in northern and western Europe the increasing atmospheric CO2 content and warmer temperatures are expected to result in positive effects on forest growth and wood production, at least in the short–medium term. On the other hand, increasing drought and disturbance risks will cause adverse effects. These negative impacts are very likely to outweigh positive trends in southern and eastern Europe. From west to east, the drought risk increases. In the Mediterranean regions productivity is expected to decline due to strongly increased droughts and fire risks.Adaptive capacity consists of the inherent adaptive capacity of trees and forest ecosystems and of socio-economic factors determining the capability to implement planned adaptation. The adaptive capacity in the forest sector is relatively large in the Boreal and the Temperate Oceanic regions, more constrained by socio-economic factors in the Temperate Continental, and most limited in the Mediterranean region where large forest areas are only extensively managed or unmanaged.Potential impacts and risks are best studied and understood with respect to wood production. It is clear that all other goods and services provided by European forests will also be impacted by climate change, but much less knowledge is available to quantify these impacts. Understanding of adaptive capacity and regional vulnerability to climate change in European forests is not well developed and requires more focussed research efforts. An interdisciplinary research agenda integrated with monitoring networks and projection models is needed to provide information at all levels of decision making, from policy development to the management unit.

The spatial structure, functionality and dynamics of forest landscapes in peninsular Spain and the Balearic Islands were compared over the last five decades. Two particular features were studied in the sample sites: forest connectivity for wildlife and areas burnt by wildfires. 191 Squares, each 4 km × 4 km, were selected from the SISPARES (the monitoring framework designed to evaluate the trends in the structure of Spanish rural landscapes) environmental strata. Aerial photographs from 1956, 1984, 1998 and 2008 were interpreted and 11 land cover categories mapped and checked in the field, using a minimum mapping area of one hectare. The Equivalent Connected Area Index was used to assess forest connectivity over the sampling period. Social and economical factors were assessed using indicators of farm intensiveness. The Spanish forest connectivity has improved in the last five decades although two different trends can be identified: the first 40 years are characterized by positive rates of growth whereas the 10 last years are characterized by their stability. Nevertheless the area of burnt land was higher along the first 25 studied years and decreased significantly over the last decade.Our results show the climate is the main driver in the evolution of forest connectivity and burnt area in the forest landscapes, playing a direct role on forest biomass production and wildfire ignition and propagation, as well as an indirect role by keeping vertical and horizontal forest continuity through the landscape spatial pattern. Social and economic factors are very important drivers as well: Rural population density and farm size average have been tested as good indicators of landscape artificiality, highly correlated to wildfire hazard and forest connectivity.Finally, we have pointed out the evolutionary path followed by SISPARES framework as a tool for monitoring rural landscapes. It emphasises on the requirement of a 30 years time window for building-up reliable dynamic multifunctional model.

Canada is dominated by remote wilderness areas that make important conservation contributions, but are currently only protected de facto by their inaccessibility. Mechanisms for the identification and formal protection of such areas can help ensure that they continue to function naturally and provide essential ecosystem services. However, a lack of spatially explicit, publicly available sources of data on anthropogenic disturbances and natural resource extraction challenges the development of detailed wilderness inventories. We suggest that landscape structure can be used to classify areas of natural landscapes, as trained by the landscape structure of protected areas, and demonstrate this approach by mapping de facto protected areas in Canada’s boreal forest. Overall, between 50%, based on landscape structure, and 80%, based on anthropogenic infrastructure alone, of Canada’s boreal zone exists in large, intact blocks. The true extent of boreal wilderness likely falls within this range, as existing infrastructure datasets may omit disturbance and the protected area network in far northern areas proved inadequate to train effective wilderness classifications. We anticipate that such efforts may be improved by refining the identification of training areas or by classifying along additional landscape metrics. Nevertheless, the areas identified are valuable candidates for protected area expansion, and can contribute to a reserve network that meets national and regional conservation targets and is representative of the range of vegetation productivities, which was used as a biodiversity surrogate. Our general approach need not be limited to the boreal forest, as it has the potential to successfully identify relatively undisturbed (or less disturbed) areas over a range of systems and across levels of human influence.

We examined the demographic structure of Juniperus communis L. populations in the Mediterranean high mountains of southern Spain in order to analyse its population viability. For this, we compared the age structure of these Mediterranean populations with those of northern Spain (Atlantic), and, on a local scale, the populations of different habitats within the Sierra Nevada. The populations from northern Spain showed age structures with high proportions at young stages. In contrast, the Mediterranean populations proved to be dominated by adult and senescent individuals, except for the few habitats with higher water availability during the summer, which have larger proportions of seedlings and juveniles. Dry habitats showed a lower seedling survival rate than did wet ones, mainly due to summer drought. Both the difference between Atlantic and Mediterranean categories, and the difference between habitats in Sierra Nevada reflect a serious limitation on recruitment of J. communis in Mediterranean mountains due to climatic stress imposed by summer drought. The Mediterranean populations provide a clear example of remnant dynamics, surviving for long periods due to great individual longevity which partially offsets losses to unfavourable environmental conditions. The low ability to recover after anthropic disturbances emphasizes the need for conservation of J. communis populations in south-eastern Spain.

Conservation efforts for endangered animals commonly focus on the protection of foraging habitats, aiming to ensure sufficient food availability. However, the diet of many species is based on animals that undergo habitat shifts across ontogenetic life stages, yielding considerable differences between the lifelong habitat requirements of both predator and prey. Consequently, prey availability may not only depend on the suitability of the foraging grounds where predator and prey coincide, but also on habitats where the ecological requirements of the non-prey stages are fulfilled. In this study we test to what extent prey of the insectivorous bat Rhinolophus euryale (Blasius 1853) originate either from the grounds where they are consumed, or in areas/habitats outside the bat's foraging sites. We analyzed the diet of R. euryale, by identifying its prey to the species level using DNA metabarcoding, and by searching for its prey's larval feeding requirements in the literature. We found that the larvae of the moth prey grow both inside and outside the grounds where they are hunted by the bats once the moths reach their adult stage. The importance of prey that originated from outside the bat's foraging grounds varied considerably across seasons. As a result, R. euryale does not only rely on the landscape elements where it hunts, but also on other source areas/habitats that supply it with food. This study shows that conservation measures that aim to address the foraging requirements of predatory species should not be limited to merely protecting their foraging grounds, but should also take into account the ecological requirements of their prey throughout their life stages.

This study analyzes the willingness of farmers to accept payments for ecosystem services in the Paraíba do Sul River basin applying a contingent valuation methodology. Ecosystem services would be those resulting from forest conservation and regeneration and sustainable and innovative production practices. The results suggest a regressive bias when some variables that capture the income effect positively affect participation in the program and acceptance of the payment offered. There is also evidence of adverse selection when acceptance of the amount offered is more sensitive to the service provision already being suited to the modes of production adopted. The results, on the other hand, indicate that farmers' decisions to join the program depend not only on their opportunity costs, but also on their perceptions about specific issues, such as their environmental knowledge or awareness, inertia to change production modes, fear of additional monitoring, and level of understanding of the program. These results are important to support the program's outreach strategies and the design of mechanisms for the selection of beneficiaries and pricing of payments.

Nearly every aspect of the cloud forest is affected by regular cloud immersion, from the hydrological cycle to the species of plants and animals within the forest. Since the altitude band of cloud formation on tropical mountains is limited, the tropical montane cloud forest occurs in fragmented strips and has been likened to island archipelagoes. This isolation and uniqueness promotes explosive speciation, exceptionally high endemism, and a great sensitivity to climate. Global climate change threatens all ecosystems through temperature and rainfall changes, with a typical estimate for altitude shifts in the climatic optimum for mountain ecotones of hundreds of meters by the time of CO2 doubling. This alone suggests complete replacement of many of the narrow altitude range cloud forests by lower altitude ecosystems, as well as the expulsion of peak residing cloud forests into extinction. However, the cloud forest will also be affected by other climate changes, in particular changes in cloud formation. A number of global climate models suggest a reduction in low level cloudiness with the coming climate changes, and one site in particular, Monteverde, Costa Rica, appears to already be experiencing a reduction in cloud immersion.The coming climate changes appear very likely to upset the current dynamic equilibrium of the cloud forest. Results will include biodiversity loss, altitude shifts in species' ranges and subsequent community reshuffling, and possibly forest death. Difficulties for cloud forest species to survive in climate-induced migrations include no remaining location with a suitable climate, no pristine location to colonize, migration rates or establishment rates that cannot keep up with climate change rates and new species interactions. We review previous cloud forest species redistributions in the paleo-record in light of the coming changes.The characteristic epiphytes of the cloud forest play an important role in the light, hydrological and nutrient cycles of the cloud forest and are especially sensitive to atmospheric climate change, especially humidity, as the epiphytes can occupy incredibly small eco-niches from the canopy to crooks to trunks. Even slight shifts in climate can cause wilting or death to the epiphyte community. Similarly, recent cloud forest animal redistributions, notably frog and lizard disappearances, may be driven by climate changes. Death of animals or epiphytes may have cascading effects on the cloud forest web of life.Aside from changes in temperature, precipitation, and cloudiness, other climate changes may include increasing dry seasons, droughts, hurricanes and intense rain storms, all of which might increase damage to the cloud forest. Because cloud forest species occupy such small areas and tight ecological niches, they are not likely to colonize damaged regions. Fire, drought and plant invasions (especially non-native plants) are likely to increase the effects of any climate change damage in the cloud forest. As has frequently been suggested in the literature, all of the above factors combine to make the cloud forest a likely site for observing climate change effects in the near future.

This study aimed at comparing the composition, the structure and the organisation of corticolous bryophyte assemblages (recorded within a 400 m2 plot) between three silvicultural managements widely conducted in Europe: Even-Aged pure beech Forest (EAF), Coppice With Standards system (CWS) and Selective Cutting systems (SC). The stands used for the study were located in two neighbouring regions of northern France. Comparisons were performed using a functional approach based on species’ ecological requirements and life traits combined with multivariate analyses.Along the silvicultural cycle of the EAF, stand age and canopy opening were the main ecological factors influencing corticolous bryophyte assemblages. Old stands with a low canopy cover contained all the functional groups, with a preponderance of late successional and obligatory shade species. The regeneration stage appeared to be an outlier because of its lowest species richness. Although the same functional groups occurred in CWS and SC as in EAF, the bryophyte assemblages shared compositional and structural characteristics similar to those of EAF early and middle successional stages. This indicates that successional processes are not maintained by these management types and that the latter do not seem to favour late successional-obligatory shade species. EAF successional stages, CWS and SC did not exhibit differences in the relative species richness (i.e. the ratio between the number of species within the 400 m2 plot (SR) and the richness of the local species pool) except for EAF regeneration stands.The results are used to propose practical ecological background information for the elaboration of forest management policies.

We describe a new landscape-specific procedure for ranking vertebrate forest wildlife species for their relative risk of extirpation, and apply it to a ca. 189,000 ha intensively managed industrial-forest landscape in northwestern New Brunswick, Canada (J.D. Irving, Ltd., Black Brook District). A list of 157 vertebrate species that potentially occur on the landbase was compiled based on published range maps and expert consultation. Each species was assessed for risk of extirpation using a categorical ranking system termed the ‘Species-Sorting Algorithm’ (SSA). The SSA places each species into one of four relative risk categories (Class I = ‘potential high risk or management concern’, II, III and Unknown), based on four variables: (1) potential abundance, (2) proportion of the landscape suitable for occupancy, (3) species-specific habitat connectivity, and (4) population growth potential. These variables use a mix of spatial and non-spatial data derived from a spatial analysis of the landscape and a review of published life-history parameters. A total of 26 (17%) species were rated as Class I, 14 of which were due at least partly to low habitat availability. Eight species were Class I due to Provincial or National ‘at risk’ listing, but only two of these would have been Class I based on the four SSA variables alone. An assessment of the robustness of the ranking variables indicated that the percentage of suitable landscape had the largest effect on SSA results, and a logistic regression model showed estimated provincial abundance and body size to be significant predictors of Class I categorization. The SSA is dependent upon stand structure-based species–habitat relationships and species area–sensitivity relationships, which were uncertain for some species. The SSA was useful in highlighting data gaps and in providing a framework for incorporating new knowledge.

 decreasing affordability of protecting large blocks of pristine tropical forests, ecologists have staked their hopes on the management of human-modified landscapes (HMLs) to conserve tropical biodiversity. Here, we examine key forces affecting the dynamics of HMLs, and propose a framework connecting human disturbances, land use, and prospects for both tropical biodiversity and ecosystem services. We question the forest transition as a worldwide source of new secondary forest; the role played by regenerating (secondary) forest for biodiversity conservation, and the resilience of HMLs. We then offer a conceptual model describing potential successional trajectories among four major landscape types (natural, conservation, functional, and degraded) and highlight the potential implications of our model in terms of research agendas and conservation planning.

In order to assess major characteristics of Collembola community diversity in fragmented coppice forests, a total of eighty soil samples were collected in sixteen plots that were representative of oak forest management practices, vegetation development after logging, and fragmentation in south-western France. Forty-seven species were recorded, but the community was dominated by two generalist species (Folsomia quadrioculata and Isotoma notabilis). The ecological classification of the species showed a dominance of forest generalist species. Forest specialist species were scarce, with open habitat species being less frequent and less abundant than might have been expected from this large area of forest frequently disturbed by clear-cuts. Correspondence factor analysis revealed that the communities were loosely structured. The three first factors were analysed: factor 1 was correlated with euedaphic habitats and extreme habitats; factor 2 was correlated with water content of habitats; and factor 3 was correlated with logging methods. However, a hierarchical classification showed that the majority of plots were structurally similar and could be considered as representative of this community. The recurrent disturbances caused by logging and fragmentation have standardised the communities by eliminating forest specialist species, which are more vulnerable to alteration of habitats.

Until recently, the majority of commercial forestry in the UK has comprised blanket planting of non-native coniferous species which typically do not offer a high level of biodiversity. However, the UK government, and consequently the UK Forestry Commission, are committed under various international agreements to conserve and enhance biodiversity in British forests. The study reported in this paper estimates that substantial non-use values would be generated if the Forestry Commission were to continue in its current efforts to develop management practices that promote an increase in biodiversity across a large area of its commercial holdings in remote parts of the country which are seldom visited. Rather than adopting a referendum-type contingent valuation method, a discrete-choice contingent ranking approach is used to estimate the general public's willingness to pay to increase the area of these forests managed under each of three forest management standards designed to offer increasing levels of biodiversity at the expense of commercial timber production. This permits relative preferences for different forest management standards to be measured at the same time as willingness to pay to enhance biodiversity.

Fire has long been recognized as an important driver of vegetation patterns, and is of particular importance for biodiversity maintenance in many grassland systems, including the North American tallgrass prairie. Here, it has been successfully used as a conservation and restoration tool. In southern Brazil, grasslands appear to present many similarities to tallgrass prairie in terms of composition and ecology, but the role of fire has been poorly studied and it is not usually used in conservation. Here, we compare plant genera and family composition of tallgrass prairie and South Brazilian grassland sites. We find striking similarities in terms of dominant families, genera, and functional types. The similarities between plant communities suggest similarities in ecological processes and should lead to a re-thinking of conservation strategies in South Brazilian grasslands. Research on the role of fire is needed, and comparative North–South studies on grasslands in the Americas likely will provide important insights for grassland ecology and management.

In this paper, an overview of introduced cat and rodent impacts on islands, and methods for their control and eradication, are presented. Fernando de Noronha, an inhabited oceanic island of Brazil, is used as a case study to illustrate the challenges of cat and rodent management on inhabited islands. Cat impacts have been recorded for 175 vertebrate species, and rat impacts for 173 plant and animal species. Eradication of cats and rodents for species conservation has been successful on small to medium- sized uninhabited or sparsely inhabited islands. However, examples of successful cat and rodent management programmes for biodiversity on inhabited islands are limited. On inhabited islands localised control of cats and rodents occurs, but historically with a focus on agriculture, human livelihoods and animal welfare, and only more recently on native species conservation. Control of cats and rodents on inhabited islands for species conservation lags behind uninhabited islands and the reasons for this are social and complex. Conservation managers often perceive a lack of support from island residents or administrators, which may or may not actually be the case. Where support does not exist, it may relate to the provisioning of control versus eradication, the techniques proposed, or wider socioeconomic issues. This ultimately translates to conservation inaction, and the ongoing decline and extinction of island fauna. Abundance estimates for cats and density estimates for rats on Fernando de Noronha are presented, along with documented biodiversity impacts, to support recommendations for future management on Fernando de Noronha.

Despite the consensus that riparian zones are important for the conservation of biological diversity and many other ecosystem services, there are no consistent regulations for how, or if, riparian areas should be used and the size of buffer zones required. Recently, controversial revisions to the Forest Code in Brazil have been implemented which include a reduction in the width of protected riparian buffer zones required along rivers. In order to model the impact of legislative changes on ecosystem services, we used the integrated valuation of environmental services and tradeoffs (InVEST) tool to assess a 30,000 ha watershed in southern Brazil and carbon sequestration as an indicator for ecosystem services. The results demonstrate that the adoption of improved agriculture practices, development of secondary forests and especially the conversion of land into more restrictive types of land-use has a significant and positive impact on the levels of carbon sequestered. On the other hand, the easing of riparian zone requirements shows an important potential loss in carbon sequestration. More importantly, reducing the size of the buffer zone might result in land-conversion into agriculture or pasture, impacting both carbon sequestration and other ecosystem services. However, the easing of restrictions on riparian areas under the revised Forest Code might be overshadowed by changes to Legal Forest Reserve provisions which could have a much greater impact on carbon sequestration. Despite the restrictions imposed by various pieces of legislation, the loss of ecosystem services due to a reduction in the protected riparian area, as well as possible land conversion due to changes in Legal Forest Reserves, are possible unless efforts involving narrowing the gap between research and policy, effective law enforcement, and implementing attractive payment for ecosystem services programs, are put in place. We believe that introducing incentives to farmers to maintain the protection of riparian areas by implementing agroforestry systems, such as erva-mate (Ilex paraguariensis), would be beneficial socioeconomically and ecologically and should be integrated into the Forest Code.

The ever-expanding knowledge base of forest science is a challenge for scientists, the public and decision-makers to incorporate into forest policy and management. Scientific assessments have been used as a process to synthesize information on a variety of resource issues, including climatic change. As a process of communication, three attributes of assessments, assessment capacity, stakeholder participation, and articulation of uncertainty, can strongly influence the ability of the assessments to communicate scientific information. The institutional structure of the USDA Forest Service to conduct resource assessments has allowed a sustained effort to conduct periodic synthesis of scientific information and to address new policy issues, such as climate change. The US National Assessment on Climate Variability and Change engaged diverse stakeholders, such as public and private decision-makers, resource and environmental managers, the general public and scientific experts in a broad national and regional dialogue about changes in climate, their impacts, and what can be done to adapt to an uncertain and continuously changing climate. Both the National Assessment and the Third Assessment Report of the International Panel on Climate Change incorporated a language of uncertainty to describe consensus of the scientific community on the report's conclusions. These attributes are important elements of improving the flow of information across the science–policy interface.

Streamwater discharge and chemistry of two small catchments on Catoctin Mountain in north-central Maryland have been monitored since 1982. Repetitive seasonal cycles in stream-water chemistry have been observed each year, along with seasonal cycles in the volume of stream discharge and in groundwater levels. The hypothesis that the observed streamwater chemical cycles are related to seasonal changes in the hydrological flow paths that contribute to streamflow is examined using a combination of data on groundwater levels, shallow and deep groundwater chemistry, streamwater discharge, streamwater chemistry, soil-water chemistry, and estimates of water residence times. The concentrations of constituents derived from rock weathering, particularly bicarbonate and silica, increase in streamwater during the summer when the water table is below the regolith-bedrock interface and stream discharge consists primarily of deep groundwater from the fractured-bedrock aquifer. Conversely, the concentrations in streamwater of atmospherically derived components, particularly sulfate, increase in winter when the water table is above the regolith-bedrock interface and stream discharge consists primarily of shallow groundwater from the regolith. Tritium and chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) measurements suggest that the groundwater in these systems is young, with a residence time of less than several years. The results of this study have implications for the design of large-scale water-quality monitoring programs.

Much of the conifer plantation forest in Ireland is on peat soils. Plantations on this soil type are known to pose the greatest risk to degrading water quality by increased sedimentation, acidification and heavy metal accumulation. Peat soils are also known to leach phosphorus (P), nitrogen (N) and dissolved organic carbon (DOC) as a result of forestry operations. In moderation, such nutrient enrichment may have positive trophic impacts in oligotrophic freshwater systems such as those typical of peat catchments in western Ireland.In this study, the water chemistry and brown trout (Salmo trutta) populations of peat-land lakes were investigated to assess the associations of conifer plantation forest on the growth, energetics and population structure of brown trout. We conducted this study over a three-month period in the summer of 2010 by comparing brown trout populations and water chemistry in lakes with three distinct catchment land uses: (i) unplanted blanket bog, (ii) moderate levels of conifer plantation forest (30–40% of catchment afforested), and (iii) high levels of conifer plantation forest (80–90% of catchment afforested).Changes in hydrochemistry associated with conifer plantations resulted in elevated concentrations of N, P and DOC, but no change to pH, with increasing levels of plantation forest within the catchment. Whereas there was no consistent trend in brown trout density between land uses, highest densities were recorded in lakes with afforested catchments. Trout populations in lakes with afforested catchments were dominated by younger fish, primarily 1+ (year old) and 2+ (2 year old) individuals with some 0+ (young of the year) trout present, compared to control lakes, which were largely dominated by 2+ and 3+ (3 year old) individuals.Older age classes of trout had larger body sizes in lakes with high levels of plantation forest within the catchment relative to the other lakes, indicating higher empirical growth rates, likely due to the trophic enrichment effects of forestry. Brown trout specific growth models that incorporate the potential confounding influence of different temperature regimes, showed no consistent relationship between growth and forest cover over the study period. Food consumption models indicated that trout in all sites were energetically challenged during the summer when sampling took place. Discrepancies between the observed body size and estimated growth of trout in lakes may potentially be due to (a) a significant amount of growth occurring outside of the summer study period and/or (b) unusually elevated temperature regimes during the study period, particularly in the afforested sites.No negative impacts of conifer plantation forests on brown trout populations were recorded. However, forest managers may wish to minimise felling coupe within peatland plantations as felling operations may exacerbate nutrient and/or heavy ion input into aquatic systems in such catchments.

The leguminous Acacia dealbata is one of the most aggressive invasive tree species worldwide. The invasion process of A. dealbata is mainly favoured by environmental disturbances. However, this species is currently invading unaltered plant communities and environmental factors influencing its spread in these ecosystems remain unclear. In this study, we evaluated the A. dealbata growth related to environmental factors in non-altered shrublands and pine forests in North-Western of the Iberian Peninsula. Permanent sampling plots were placed along the invasion edge in each plant community and height and stem diameter increments were recorded on labelled A. dealbata individuals throughout two years. The number of new A. dealbata saplings was recorded at the end of the study. Environmental factors such as physicochemical soil properties, native vegetation cover and plot features were evaluated in each sampling plot in order to determinate their effect on the A. dealbata growth. Our results showed a different growth pattern of A. dealbata depending on the studied plant community. Pine forests had A. dealbata individuals with significantly higher height and diameter increments and higher number of new A. dealbata individuals than shrublands. Additionally, results also showed a clear seasonality effect on A. dealbata growth that was stimulated in spring in pine forests, while it did not variate along the year in shrublands. Regarding environmental parameters influencing the growth of A. dealbata, we found a negative effect by the photosynthetically active radiation and plot orientation, but also a positive effect by soil potassium content and plot elevation. However, our results indicated that other environmental factors not evaluated here might be also influencing. We conclude that A. dealbata can invade unaltered areas and the intensity of the invasion depends on the ecosystem. The natural shrubland could be an effective barrier to slow down the rapid invasion of A. dealbata. These results contribute to new knowledge of A. dealbata colonization without help of environmental disturbances in the field, which may help to define hot-priority areas and stablish new control strategies. Thus, we suggest that the management of A. dealbata in pine forests should receive preferential treatment on South-Western Europe.

Humans hunt forest vertebrates throughout the tropics. Many preferred game species consume flowers, fruit, seeds and/or leaves, and these interactions will cause their harvest to ramify through forests. Three related issues will determine how severely the harvest of forest vertebrates influences the plant community. First, the types of species selected by hunters and the intensity of the harvest will determine which vertebrates are removed and which remain. Second, the possible presence of ecologically similar, non-game species able to expand their activities to fulfill the ecological role of heavily exploited species will determine how severely the harvest disrupts ecological relationships between the community of forest vertebrates and the community of forest plants. Finally, hunters will alter plant species composition if the harvest of vertebrates differentially affects mutualists or pests of particular plant species. Hunters will also alter plant diversity if the harvest of vertebrates disrupts ecological mechanisms that permit plant species to coexist. I examine hunter selectivity, the intensity of the hunt, possible compensation by non-game species, and the types and strengths of interactions among game species and plants for tropical forests to determine when and where these outcomes occur.

In this paper, we account for forest wealth in India. Changes in the timber and carbon wealth embodied in these forests are related to important green national accounting aggregates such as genuine saving and the change in wealth per capita. Important accounting issues include the timing of carbon releases that occur when forests are disturbed, as well as the valuation of these releases. Our empirical findings suggest that while India's forest wealth is substantial, net changes in this wealth are arguably not so large at least in relation to GNP. However, when viewed in the context of the wealth-diluting effects of population growth this implies a far larger additional savings effort is required to cover the (net) loss in forest values than otherwise appears to be the case. Finally, we examine ways in which the accounting approach that we adopt can be reconciled with approaches which stress conserving forest wealth.

Feeding interactions, which determine the dynamics, productivity and stability of an ecosystem to a large extent, constitute fundamental knowledge for understanding the functionality of an ecosystem. Within an integrated working context, this study aimed to identify the major prey for the fish species of Araçá Bay through an analysis of stomach contents. Araçá Bay is a sheltered, low tide terrace that presents seasonal hydrodynamics, primary productivity and organism communities. A total of 1253 stomachs from 28 fish species were sampled in March 2013 and January 2014 (austral summer) and in June 2013 (austral winter). A hierarchical cluster analysis (Bray-Curtis similarity index) was performed on the matrix of the index of relative importance (IRI%) of the food items of 15 species collected in both seasons. Five and four major trophic groups were recorded for the summer and winter, respectively (SIMPROF). A two-way PERMANOVA test showed significant differences in the prey compositions among the trophic groups but not the seasons. The annual dendrogram showed four trophic groups: shrimp feeders (8 species), teleostean fish feeders (2 species), copepod feeders (2 species), and benthic invertebrate feeders (3 species). Seasonal species shifts among the trophic groups related to the seasonal recruitment of relatively abundant fish species during the summer were recorded mainly between the teleostean fish feeder and shrimp feeder groups. Overall, the seasonal dynamics of the waters and the consequent prey abundance influenced the resource availability. Resource partitioning and feeding plasticity allowed the species to optimize the use of available prey in the bay. These results represent a contribution toward understanding the local food web, to construct a trophic model, and to contribute to its sustainable integrated management.

Climatic change can have significant impacts on tropical forests. Of greatest concern in Brazil is potential alteration of the hydrological cycle in Amazonia as a result of reduction in evapotranspiration that could be expected from a continuation of present deforestation trends. Other possible changes in Amazonia are more speculative, but merit research to better assess their likelihood of occurrence and potential severity. These include possible increased cloudiness in the northeast corner of the region (decreasing primary productivity there), increased tree mortality throughout the region as a consequence of differential stimulation of vine growth by carbon dioxide (CO 2) enrichment, increased carbon uptake by some tree species stimulated by CO 2 enrichment, and a variety of possible indirect effects of increased drought severity and frequency. Changes in temperature and rainfall as a result of global warming are expected to be slight at equatorial latitudes, but some changes could occur. While global warming changes imply expansion of the area climatically suitable for tropical forest, human activity converting these lands to uses other than tropical forests makes it unlikely that much, if any, of the potential for forest expansion would be realized. Human impacts on Brazil's Amazonian forests are great, and can be expected to respond to changes stemming from population growth and migration, economic activity and development policies. Some of the human impacts on forests will be affected by climatic changes in other parts of Brazil and in other parts of the world. Brazil is fortunate in having large areas of natural forest. This area, together with Brazil's large area of land not currently forested that is suitable for silvicultural plantations, makes the country relatively secure in supplying its own needs for forest products—at least through the year 2050—despite possible erosion of forest resources by climatic change. Many other countries are not so fortunate, and Brazil's capacity to supply forest products to the rest of the world is finite.

Tropical forests contain a large stock of soil carbon, but the factors that constrain its mineralization remain poorly understood. Microorganisms, when stimulated by the presence of new inputs of labile organic carbon, can mineralize (‘prime’) soil organic matter to acquire nutrients. We used stable carbon isotopes to assess how nutrient demand and soil properties constrain mineralization of added labile (sucrose) carbon and pre-existing (primed) soil carbon in tropical forest soils. In a series of lowland tropical forest soils from Panama, we found that the mineralization of fresh labile carbon was accelerated foremost by phosphorus addition, whereas the mineralization of pre-existing soil carbon was constrained foremost by nitrogen addition. However, there was variation in the relative importance of these nutrients in different soils and the largest effects on the acceleration of sucrose metabolism and constraint of priming occurred following the addition of nitrogen and phosphorus together. The respiration responses due to sucrose or primed soil carbon mineralization were reduced at pH below 4.8 and above 6.0. We conclude that in these tropical forest soils, phosphorus availability is more important in promoting microbial mineralization of sucrose carbon, whereas nitrogen availability is more important in constraining the priming of pre-existing soil organic carbon. This response likely arises because nitrogen is more closely coupled to organic matter cycling, whereas phosphorus is abundant in both organic and inorganic forms. These results suggest that the greatest impact of priming on soil carbon stocks will occur in moderately acidic tropical forest soils of low nitrogen availability. Given long-term changes in both atmospheric carbon dioxide and nitrogen deposition, the impact of priming effects on soil carbon in tropical forest soils may be partially constrained by the abundance of nitrogen.

We explored how different types of audio-visual media content impacted charitable donations using a lab experiment. Subjects chose to donate to a charity in a modified dictator game, after being randomly assigned to watch videos featuring either a non-charismatic species (Bats), a charismatic species (Lions) a composite habitat composed of both species (Bats and Lions in the Savanna), with and without additional content on the anthropogenic cause of endangerment. In addition to this, a subset of subjects was offered public recognition alongside videos. We found media content influences pro-social behaviour on both the intensive and extensive margins of giving: videos with charismatic Lions increased the probability of donating (intensive margin of giving), but content about human cause of endangerment, increased the amount donated conditional on having decided to donate (extensive margin of giving). There is heterogeneity in treatment effects based on past pro-social behaviour: public recognition increases donations only for those reporting donating to charities in the past.

Data on the local abundance and residency status are presented for two of the most important game species of terrestrial vertebrates in neotropical forests, the white-lipped peccary Tayassu pecari and collared peccary Tayassu tajacu. These data are based on a long-term series (1987–1994) of line-transect censuses conducted at forest sites in central-western and eastern Brazilian Amazonia using transects of 4–5 km at each site. Surveys were conducted in four unhunted sites and 19 sites subject to varying degrees of hunting. Censued sites consisted of different types of unflooded (terra firme) and flooded (várzea) forest, giving a combined census distance of 2368 km. Evidence of the larger-bodied white-lipped peccary was detected at only 13 of the 23 sites surveyed, even though these forests had not been subject to habitat disturbance. Collared peccaries, on the other hand, persisted even in the most heavily hunted sites, though the numbers recorded were inversely related to hunting intensity. The large herds of white-lipped peccaries appear to be rare and move widely even in remote terra firme forests, even those which have been entirely spared of hunting, perhaps because of low density of key resource patches. In contrast, the ubiquitous collared peccaries live in small herds and appear to be year-round residents in presumably much smaller home ranges at both hunted and unhunted sites. The implications of peccary residency status and herd size are discussed in the context of differential susceptibility to hunting.

Recent phylogenetic studies in Sapotaceae have demonstrated that many genera need to be redefined to better correspond to natural groups. The Neotropical genus Pradosia is believed to be monophyletic and includes 26 recognized species. Here we reconstruct the generic phylogeny by a species-tree approach using ∗BEAST, 21 recognized species (36 accessions), sequence data from three nuclear markers (ITS, ETS, and RPB2), a relaxed lognormal clock model, and a fossil calibration. We explore the evolution of five selected morphological characters, reconstruct the evolution of habitat (white-sand vs. clayish soils) preference, as well as space and time by using a recently developed continuous diffusion model in biogeography. We find Pradosia to be monophyletic in its current circumscription and to have originated in the Amazon basin at ∼47.5 Ma. Selected morphological characters are useful to readily distinguish three clades. Preferences to white-sand and/or clay are somewhat important for the majority of species, but speciation has not been powered by habitat shifts. Pradosia brevipes is a relative young species (∼1.3 Ma) that has evolved a unique geoxylic life strategy within Pradosia and is restricted to savannahs. Molecular dating and phylogenetic pattern indicate that Pradosia reached the Brazilian Atlantic coast at least three times: at 34.4 Ma (P. longipedicellata), at 11.7 Ma (P. kuhlmannii), and at 3.9 Ma (weakly supported node within the red-flowered clade).

The role of tropical forests in sustainable development mechanisms and payments for environmental services is becoming increasingly important. Therefore, there is a greater need for accurate and detailed information about their biophysical characteristics (e.g., Leaf area index–LAI) along different stages of ecological succession. Remote sensing offers the possibility of providing relatively accurate estimations of such biophysical characteristics at a reasonable cost for most regional projects. The objectives of this study are to (1) document the variability of LAI in different stages of secondary growth in a tropical moist forest, (2) estimate LAI from spectral vegetation indices (SVIs), and (3) link LAI to the estimation of other canopy physiognomic characteristics. We found that segregation of LAI measurements by successional stage (early, intermediate, late) contributed to a better definition of the relationship between LAI and the SVIs. In addition, we conclude that the propagation of errors of precision through the SVI formulas must be taken into consideration along with intra-site and radiometric variability when uncertainty terms are calculated. From a linear regression analysis, we found that there is only a minimal difference between the nonparametric Theil–Sen and classical least-squares regressions. We also found that not only does the Lorentzian cumulative transition function describe the relationship between LAI and the SVIs, it also provides an estimate of the range of LAI values to which each index is sensitive.

Monitoring the conservation status of natural habitats is an essential aspect of effective conservation management. Not only data on habitat occurrence are needed, but also detailed information on the structural and functional characteristics of the habitat patches is crucial for an adequate conservation status assessment. Classification of hyperspectral remote sensing images performs well in discriminating dominant land cover and vegetation classes, but the accuracy drops significantly for the classification of more subtle differences in conservation status that are related to structural characteristics. This study proposes a method to facilitate ecological conservation status assessment based on decision tree modeling of subpixel fraction estimates steered by ecological expert knowledge. In particular, it contributes to the spatially explicit assessment of an important structural aspect of dry heathland vegetation, namely the heather age structure, using Airborne Hyperspectral line-Scanner radiometer (AHS-160) data of the Kalmthoutse Heide in northern Belgium. We implemented a subpixel unmixing approach to identify the percentage of heather, sand and shadow in each heather pixel, and subsequently applied a decision tree classification to allocate each pixel to a certain age class. As such, our method provides a tool that contributes to the information required for an appropriate management and successful conservation of natural heathlands.

As a result of the large increase in tourist pressure, trampling has become an important factor in the degradation of natural areas and particularly Atlantic Heathlands. In this study, the resistance of dry and mesophilous heathlands was studied experimentally, under different environmental conditions. The trampling was applied in winter, and in summer in periods of wet and dry weather. The types of heathlands studied appeared to be moderately resistant to trampling. Mesophilous heathlands were on the whole more sensitive to trampling than dry heathlands. The resistance of these communities and of their component species varied greatly in relation to season and weather conditions. For example, Erica ciliaris was more resistant to trampling in summer than in winter, and in summer Erica cinerea was more sensitive to trampling in wet weather than in dry conditions. The analysis of the resistance of species showed that heather species were more sensitive than the rest of the plant cover. These heathers are characteristic species of the heathlands that were studied. The definition of acceptable visitor pressure thresholds must not be based on the index of resistance of the whole community, but on that of the characteristic species, in this case heathers. The aim of visitor pressure management must be to preserve the vegetation structure and not just simply plant cover.

Environmental DNA (eDNA) is an emerging biological monitoring tool that can aid in assessing the effects of forestry and forest manufacturing activities on biota. Monitoring taxa across broad spatial and temporal scales is necessary to ensure forest management and forest manufacturing activities meet their environmental goals of maintaining biodiversity. Our objectives are to describe potential applications of eDNA across the wood products supply chain extending from regenerating forests, harvesting, and wood transport, to manufacturing facilities, and to review the current state of the science in this context. To meet our second objective, we summarize the taxa examined with targeted (PCR, qPCR or ddPCR) or metagenomic eDNA methods (eDNA metabarcoding), evaluate how estimated species richness compares between traditional field sampling and eDNA metabarcoding approaches, and compare the geographical representation of prior eDNA studies in freshwater ecosystems to global wood baskets. Potential applications of eDNA include evaluating the effects of forestry and forest manufacturing activities on aquatic biota, delineating fish-bearing versus non fish-bearing reaches, evaluating effectiveness of constructed road crossings for freshwater organism passage, and determining the presence of at-risk species. Studies using targeted eDNA approaches focused on fish, amphibians, and invertebrates, while metagenomic studies focused on fish, invertebrates, and microorganisms. Rare, threatened, or endangered species received the least attention in targeted eDNA research, but are arguably of greatest interest to sustainable forestry and forest manufacturing that seek to preserve freshwater biodiversity. Ultimately, using eDNA methods will enable forestry and forest manufacturing managers to have data-driven prioritization for conservation actions for all freshwater species.

n the 1980s the Nature Conservancy Council created an ancient woodland inventory showing all woods in Great Britain (GB) greater than 2 ha that were believed to have had woodland habitat cover continuously from 1600. Subsequently these lists have been maintained as three separate inventories by NCC's successors, English Nature (now Natural England), Countryside Council for Wales and Scottish Natural Heritage. This paper outlines the concept of ancient woodland as it has developed in GB, and how this idea gave rise to the ancient woodland inventories. The criteria used in compiling the inventories are discussed, including the inception dates and the threshold size, and the difference between ancient woodland and parkland. The inventories have been digitised for use with Geographic Information Systems (GIS), which has made them more accessible to planners and nature conservation bodies; however, the digitising process is more precise than the original definition of the boundaries of the ancient woodland. The three different countries have approached this issue slightly differently, taking account of the differing landscapes within which their ancient woodland exists. As the inventory developed, new legislation has also been brought into play to protect ancient woodland further. The inventory currently lacks detailed information concerning the condition or type of wood, beyond its semi-natural or plantation status. Ascertaining, and then maintaining, the condition of ancient woodland in Great Britain will be a major challenge for the future.

The lack of incentive flows between local producers of global biodiversity-related ecosystem services and global service beneficiaries calls for a mechanism to avoid the under-provision of biodiversity services. Payments for ecosystem services (PES) are increasingly being implemented on the local and national scale. The issue of how PES can be upscaled to an international level is currently being discussed. International PES (IPES) will most likely be confronted with a limited budget and attention will have to be given to the issue of how payments are most effectively allocated. The objectives of this paper are to (i) outline the principles of targeting in conservation, (ii) provide an overview of techniques applied in science and practice, (iii) identify some of the specific challenges of an IPES scheme and (iv) analyze the suitability of available global targeting mechanisms for utilization in IPES. The paper is based on a review of targeting literature and uses the framework of a multi-criteria analysis to help organize and quantify strengths and weaknesses of alternative global targeting approaches. Despite growing consensus on the importance of incorporating costs, none of the global targeting approaches under review have so far incorporated costs as a targeting criterion. Data availability is probably one of the main constraints of global targeting. A stepwise selection approach could partly overcome this problem. Existing global targeting approaches could be used for first step selection choices. We identified Biodiversity Hotspots, Crisis Ecoregions and Endemic Bird Areas to be the most suitable approaches for IPES.

The wood thrush (Hylocichla mustelina Gmelin) is a species of concern in the central Appalachians, and is sympatric there with three related species, the American robin (Turdus migratorius Linnaeus), hermit thrush (Catharus guttatus Pallas), and veery (Catharus fuscescens Stephens). Our objectives were to quantify use of mature forests and areas subjected to even-aged harvesting and partial harvesting by these four species by measuring their frequency of occurrence, nest survival, and nest site characteristics. We also compared microhabitat characteristics among the landcover types. During 2001–2003 we conducted point count surveys, monitored nests, and collected nest habitat data on a managed forest in West Virginia. Land cover was digitized into five categories: deciduous and mixed mature forest, deciduous and mixed partial harvest, and even-aged regeneration harvest. Chi-square goodness-of-fit analysis with Bonferroni 95% confidence intervals indicated that deciduous partial harvests were more likely to be inhabited by wood thrushes. The other three species were less likely to occur in deciduous partial harvests, and veery had lower nest survival in partial harvests than in mature forest. Contrary to many published descriptions that suggest thrushes will not nest in even-aged harvests, a small number of all species but hermit thrushes did nest in this cover type, often near a residual canopy tree. Hermit thrushes were less likely to inhabit mature deciduous forest, even-aged harvests, and harvested edges but chose nesting areas in mature mixed forest that was disturbed by road building and the seeding of landings and skid trails >10 years ago. Microhabitat characteristics of landcovers did not differ overall. Our results suggest a relationship with partial harvesting that is positive for wood thrush but negative for the other three species.

e evaluated the occurrence of perching and interflow over and within a sandy clay loam argillic horizon within first-order, low-relief, forested catchments at the Savannah River Site (SRS) in the Upper Coastal Plain of South Carolina. We measured soil hydraulic properties, depths to the argillic layer, soil moisture, shallow groundwater behavior, interflow interception trench flows, and streamflow over a 4-year period to explore the nature and variability of soil hydraulic characteristics, the argillic “topography”, and their influence on interflow generation. Perching occurred frequently within and above the restricting argillic horizons during our monitoring period, but interflow was infrequent due to microtopographic relief and associated depression storage on the argillic layer surface. High percolation rates through the argillic horizon, particularly through soil anomalies, also reduced the importance of interflow. Interflow generation was highly variable across eleven segments of a 121 m interception trench. Hillslopes were largely disconnected from stream behavior during storms. Hillslope processes were consistent with the fill-and-spill hypothesis and featured a sequence of distinct thresholds: vertical wetting front propagation to the argillic layer; saturation of the argillic followed by local perching; filling of argillic layer depressions; and finally connectivity of depressions leading to interflow generation. Analysis of trench flow data indicated a cumulative rainfall threshold of 60 mm to generate interflow, a value at the high end of the range of thresholds reported elsewhere.

Conservation is constrained by the limited budgets available to counter the many threats to biodiversity. Non-compliance with regulations is a major threat to conservation in nearly every ecosystem on the planet. Accurate data on who is involved with illegal activities, where they occur, what resources are illegally exploited, and the quantities of illegal resource used are critical for effective conservation management. Previous studies have found the randomised response technique (RRT) to be an effective method for estimating proportions of populations involved in illegal activities, identifying which sectors of the population are involved, and examining spatial variation in illegal resource use. However, RRT does not quantify the amount of resources illegally extracted. We present the first use within conservation or natural resource management of an alternative technique, the quantitative randomised response technique (QRRT), to quantify illegal hunting carried out by eight local communities within a nine-month period in the Western Area Peninsula Forest Reserve in Sierra Leone. We found that although a greater portion of the population participated in illegal hunting in some communities, a different set of communities extracted the greatest number of animals from the reserve. Our results highlight the need to provide more accurate estimates of resource extraction that account for uneven illegal extraction activity across the population in order to properly target conservation interventions.

Plasmodium parasites can infect great variety of bird species around the world inflicting the so called avian malaria, an illness that could be fatal in some cases and consequently, should be monitored and widely included into conservation programs. The aim of this study was to characterize two lineages of Plasmodium (Haemamoeba) lutzi found in some birds in the Atlantic Forest of Minas Gerais - Brazil, that were morphologically identified after blood smears analyses under light microscopy and molecularly by sequencing the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene (cyt b). Besides these two lineages could be clearly morphologically identified as P.(H.) lutzi, some variations in comparison with its original description were noticed: absence of meronts and gametocytes (early and fully grown) in polychromatic erythrocytes, the larger size of pigment granules in meronts and gametocytes, and the presence of small vacuoles between pigment accumulation in fully grow macrogametocytes. Moreover, a certain degree of genetic intraspecific diversity was also observed across the lineages of P. (H.) lutzi, indicating the existence of polymorphisms within this taxon, which is uncommon in Haemosporida. These results allow discussion about species boundaries within avian hemosporidians and highlight the importance of multidisciplinary approaches for a more efficient species identification and characterization.

A biogeographic zone with high oceanicity is a well described feature of the European Atlantic region. This oceanic zone intersects with a zone of European temperate rainforest that has received increasing conservation recognition. Although having a degree of spatial overlap, the terminology applied to these different zones is not synonymous. Temperate rainforest is one example of an oceanic system, alongside others such as blanket bog or liverwort heath. Conversely, oceanic systems provide one type of climatic setting suitable to the development of temperate rainforest, alongside other and contrasting landscapes such as the orographic climate of continental mountains. Zones of high oceanicity and temperate rainforest are both strongly represented in the British Isles, and this study examines the degree of spatial overlap in Britain for standard definitions of each. Lichen epiphyte indicators associated with zones of oceanic woodland or temperate rainforest were quantified, and subsequently tested for conservation priority Atlantic oakwoods (Annex 1 Habitat Code 91A0: old sessile oak woods with Ilex and Blechnum in the British Isles). Discrepancies between oceanic woodland and temperate rainforest led to slightly different sets of indicator species that could be applied in biodiversity and habitat quality assessments. The definition of oceanic systems appeared to include warmer and lowland situations for example in coastal Wales and south-west England. In contrast, temperate rainforest extended to cooler upland areas in north-eastern Scotland. The species indicators for oceanic and temperate rainforest were nevertheless effective in identifying sites with different conservation priorities, such as for protection or restoration.

The South Brazilian grasslands occupy some 13.7 million ha and support very high levels of biodiversity. This paper reviews the current state of ecological knowledge on South Brazilian Campos and of threats and challenges associated with their conservation. The principal factors shaping grassland physiognomy and diversity are discussed, and information is presented on diversity of plant species; best estimates suggest that 3000–4000 phanerophytes occur in the South Brazilian grasslands.It is argued that, despite their high species richness, Campos vegetation is not adequately protected under current conservation policies. In the past three decades, approximately 25% of the grassland area has been lost due to land use changes, and this trend continues. However, representation of Campos grasslands in conservation units is extremely low (less than 0.5%), and the management in most of these is inadequate to preserve the grasslands, as grazing and fire are important factors for their persistence. In conclusion, the following urgent needs are identified: (1) to create more conservation units in different regions, including different grassland types throughout southern Brazil, (2) to develop proper management strategies where grasslands are subject to shrub encroachment and forest expansion, (3) to conduct research on biodiversity and ecological processes in the Campos region and (4) to raise public awareness of the value and vulnerability of this vegetation type.

Land-use/land-cover (LULC) pattern influences water quality, however, this relation may be different for various spatial scales. We evaluated the LULC effects on water quality of tropical low-order streams, comparing watershed and riparian zone models. Water quality parameters were analyzed separately and together using linear mixed and multivariate models. The results indicate that the forest cover plays a significant role in keeping water clean, while agriculture and urban areas lead to water quality degradation. Pasture land had mixed effects, but in general was not correlated with poor water quality. Dissolved oxygen, phosphorus, sediment, and fecal coliforms were influenced by LULC pattern at the watershed scale, while nitrogen and organic matter were more affected by the riparian zone composition. The water quality also varies with seasonal changes in streamflow and temperature. The overall water quality variation is explained better by the LULC composition within the watershed than in the riparian zone.

Coastal zones are valuable environments for humankind and have been used for urban settlements, recreation, harbours, mining and the gathering of natural resources. However, human occupation and usage of coastal ecosystems is threatening their diverse natural vegetation. The aim of this study was to analyse the changes in coastal vegetation cover of Maranhão Island in the face of urban development over the last 20 years through remote sensing imagery. Our results reveal a loss of vegetation for four of the five beaches studied. The most extensive loss occurred at the beaches of São Luis Municipality (accounting for 146 ha), which is highly urbanized. Vegetation loss also occurred at sites protected under national environmental legislation, most of which was due to illegal human activity. The results were discussed in the light of the literature which pointed out to a deterioration in the urban environment coinciding with the loss of vegetation, mainly in terms of domestic sewage pollution and erosion. We present for the first time an estimate of the vegetation loss for Maranhão Island, which contribute to the knowledge of Atlantic Forest deforestation, specifically the restinga vegetation that is yet poorly studied.

Payments for ecosystem services (PES) have been developed as a policy instrument to help safeguard the contributions of ecosystems to human well-being. A critical measure of a programme’s effectiveness is whether it is generating an additional supply of ecosystem services (ES). So far, there has been limited analysis of PES programmes based on the actual supply of ES. In line with ecosystem accounting principles, we spatially quantified three ES recognised by Costa Rica’s Pago de Servicios Ambientales (PSA) programme: carbon storage, soil erosion control and habitat suitability for biodiversity as a cultural ES. We used the machine learning algorithm random forest to model carbon storage, the Revised Universal Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE) to model soil erosion control and Maxent to model habitat suitability. The additional effect of the PSA programme on carbon storage was examined using linear regression. Forested land was found to store 235.3 Mt of carbon, control for 148 Mt yr−1 of soil erosion and contain 762,891 ha of suitable habitat for three iconic but threatened species. PSA areas enrolled in the programme in both 2011 and 2013 were found to store an additional 9 tonC ha−1 on average. As well as enabling a direct quantification of additionality, spatial distribution analysis can help administrators target high-value areas, confirm the conditional supply of ES and support the monetary valuation of ES. Ultimately, this can help improve the social efficiency of payments by enabling a comparison of societal costs and benefits.

The marine extractive reserve (RESEX), a sustainable use and co-management conservation instrument, is increasingly being established in coastal Brazil because of international and national pressure to protect coastal–marine environments. RESEX establishment is producing ambiguous outcomes despite claims of protecting rural livelihoods. This paper presents the case of the Cassurubá RESEX and demonstrates that a recent fishery agreement contradicts with fisherfolk livelihood diversification strategies and produces differentiated impacts on households. The findings are drawn from mixed methods adapting a household livelihoods approach to develop household typologies. Three household typologies emerged: (1) high market orientation, high income, (2) low market orientation, low income, and (3) high market orientation, low income. Low income households are the most impacted by new institutions that contradict with temporal and spatial livelihood diversification strategies of resource users. Also, they have lost fishing grounds, material assets (gear), and access to subsistence farmland. These findings support claims that sustainable use conservation agendas need to better consider the differential livelihood strategies of fisherfolk, and other resource users, or efforts for livelihood protection and improvement will be undermined.

In this article we present the Bonner Approach to evaluate a biotope's importance for biotic resource protection from the criteria naturalness, rarity and endangerment, substitutability, intactness and importance for the ecosystem structure. Each criterion is evaluated separately from 0 to 5 points which are summed up to the biotic value. According to this biotic value the biotope is classified in six categories from very low or no to international importance for the biotic resource protection. Furthermore, the Bonner Approach is applied in two case studies evaluating different biotopes from a Central European landscape, Nettersheim, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, and from a Neotropical region within the Atlantic Rain Forest, Viçosa, Minas Gerais, Brazil. These outcomes are compared to evaluations from the IUCN schemata to identify Key Biodiversity Areas (KBA) and the index of naturalness. Case studies show that biotope's ranking differs between frameworks because each approach is based on different evaluation criteria. Compared to the other frameworks, the Bonner Approach outmatches because this framework considers the influence of evaluated biotopes for biotic resources of surrounding biotopes or landscapes. Furthermore, classification in six categories is wide enough to identify areas of low importance where inevitable impacts might be carried out as well as areas of medium, high, very high or even international importance to elaborate their conservation activities. As the biotic value is of numeric character, the findings can be used to outline compensatory measures. The necessity to consider zoological data given by the Bonner Approach is lacking in other frameworks. The Bonner Approach is transferable to other biogeographical regions due to abstract formulation of criteria. High reproducibility and easy and fast application underline the universal character of the Bonner Approach encouraging its adoption in landscaping and planning conservation activities.

Brazil is widely recognized as a world leader in agricultural production. In order to achieve this status, several agricultural frontiers were sculpted throughout the decades. This was associated to land use change, mainly the substitution of natural vegetation for agricultural crops such as soybean and corn. On the other hand, conservation units were included in the national Brazilian proposal to conserve biodiversity and natural resources. Among these is the Private Natural Heritage Reserve (RPPN), which refers to private property. In this case, the establishment of a conservation unit depends on landowner’s decision making. This may be favoured because the Brazilian legislation allows economic activities (low-impact) to be developed in the RPPN. In this sense, this research was triggered to calculate the opportunity cost of an RPPN compared to the production of soybean and corn. The methodology was designed to define the net benefit of conservation based on the opportunity cost to create the RPPN. To estimate costs and revenues of agricultural production, we used secondary data. Carbon sequestration was estimated from the use of geotechnologies and parametrized equations. As a conclusion, if payments for a set of ecosystem services are accounted for, the estimated monetary values may be higher than the ones addressed to agricultural production.

Bamboo is an important forest resource in many countries that serves as an excellent substitute for timber products and provides a multitude of other food and non-food uses. This societal and economic significance has led to increased bamboo cultivation globally. This review describes the rapid expansion of bamboo hectarage, both intentional and by encroachment, in native and non-native countries. Also presented are details of the influence of bamboo invasion on biodiversity and soil processes as well as potential ecological risk. Finally, we suggest some strategies for controlling bamboo invasion and needs for further research.

Conventional wisdom holds that monetary compensation for positive transboundary externalities will promote conservation of resource amenities. We demonstrate that, in the case of elephant conservation, international transfers may also result in strategic behavior by host countries, with adverse implications for global welfare and in situ stocks.

Recent anthropogenic climate change is already affecting the range dynamics of many organisms worldwide. Understanding the relative importance of environmental factors and historical processes in determining species’ geographic ranges is crucial for predicting the impacts of climate change. Here, we experimentally assessed the survival and performance of four understorey forest plants (Ornithogalum pyrenaicum, Scilla bifolia, Iris foetidissima and Symphytum tuberosum) transplanted beyond their natural range limit over a 7-year period. Since the survival probability of plants transplanted beyond their natural geographic range is expected to decrease with the home-away distance, the species represent a gradient in the distance between the transplant site and their natural geographic range limit (from 50 to 500 km). Three of the four species still survived seven years after introduction. Appreciable survival outside their natural geographic range partly suggests that the ranges of these plant species may be controlled by dispersal limitation. Importantly, an interspecific trend towards decreasing survival with increasing distance from the range limit was apparent. Initial competition from other understorey plants generally limited the survival and performance of the transplanted species. In conclusion, the good survival and performance of the most ‘nearby’ species emphasizes the importance of dispersal limitation in determining range limits, while the poor survival of the ‘farther’ species suggests that their occurrence is (co-)controlled by environmental factors such as the local climate. Finally, we briefly discuss our results within the context of human-mediated assisted migration in the face of climate change.

Catch composition, catch rates, hooking location, and status at release at haulback were monitored during 81 experimental sets (launches and hauling fishing per day) in a commercial pelagic longline fishery targeting tuna in the equatorial South Atlantic Ocean. Circle hooks (size 18/0, 0° offset) and J-style hooks (size 9/0, 10° offset) with squid baits were deployed in an alternating fashion. The catch composition was not significantly different for most species between the two types of hooks, except for bigeye tuna, which showed a significantly higher proportion of catches on the circle hook (p ≫ 0.001) and for sailfish, pelagic stingray, and leatherback sea turtle, which had higher catch rates on the J-style hook (p = 0.018, p ≫ 0.001, and p = 0.044, respectively). Bigeye and yellowfin tuna showed significantly higher rates of survival at the time of gear retrieval with circle hooks, and circle hooks hooked bigeye tuna, yellowfin tuna, swordfish, and sailfish significantly more often externally than internally. Our results suggest that the use of size 18/0, 0° offset circle hooks in the equatorial pelagic longline fishery may increase the survival of bycatch species at the time of gear retrieval with minimal effects on the catches of target species.

Since the discovery of glacial abrupt variability in Greenland and the North Atlantic about two decades ago, its modelling remains a conceptual and technical challenge. While the global climatic signature of Heinrich events can reasonably be ascribed to the fresh water discharge related to the massive iceberg armadas released by the Laurentide ice-sheet in the North Atlantic, the existence of such a triggering mechanism is elusive as far as Dansgaard–Oeschger type variability is concerned. Even if other mechanisms have been proposed, the majority of modelling attempts to better understand glacial climate variability has assumed it to be linked to abrupt variations in the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC). In this review we introduce the rationale behind this approach, i.e. the possible existence of several deep ocean circulation equilibria associated with distinct climate signatures. We then review the published fresh water hosing experiments and the mechanisms at work to explain the climate differences related to the different AMOC states. Most of these works have been performed under pre-industrial boundary conditions. The few hosing experiments run under glacial conditions show that the sensitivity of the climate system to fresh water hosing is very dependent on the background climate state. In order to rigourously compare several types of experiments (equilibrium runs vs transient runs with pre-industrial vs glacial boundary conditions) we present experiments especially run for this review with two climate models of intermediate complexity: UVic and LOVECLIM. Although there are similarities between the responses simulated by these models, there are also many differences which would benefit being compared to reconstructions such as those presented in this special issue. However, a strict comparison will require to consider boundary conditions as realistic as possible for Marine Isotopic Stage 3. Modelling glacial variability to compare model results with paleoclimatic data remains a big challenge.

Land use and land cover change is a major component of global change, which directly alters habitat composition, biodiversity and ecosystem functioning. The regional analysis of land cover changes in heterogeneous landscapes can be masked by spatial variations caused by both bioclimatic and socioeconomic factors. Recognizing these influences, however, can be critical for designing conservation policies suited for each region. In this study, we examined the main processes of land cover change in Spain during c. 20 years (1987–2006), using CORINE land cover maps and five comparative spatial frameworks based on biomes (temperate and Mediterranean) and protection levels (Nationally Designated areas, European Natura Net 2000 and unprotected areas). We observed high land cover persistence (ca. 93%) throughout Spain, but with important anthropization processes and internal changes in natural areas – which experienced a slight decrease – while, agrarian areas remained almost stable. However, there were significant differences in the occupation, intensity and direction of change depending on the biome and protection level. The Mediterranean region had lower persistence and higher anthropization processes than the temperate region, suggesting a high vulnerability to land cover changes for natural habitat and related species. Overall, we observed a lower intensity of anthropization processes in protected areas, increasing the persistence of natural and agrarian areas; key habitats for species conservation. The highest persistence of natural areas corresponds to Nationally Designated Protected (NDP) areas, while in Natura Net 2000 we found the highest agrarian areas persistence. Nevertheless, Natura Net 2000 areas – with the exception of those nominated as NDP – had the largest increase of artificial surfaces as well as the highest internal processes of change within natural areas due to disturbances. The trends reported in this study suggest the importance of effective management plans and conservation measures that ensure both habitat and species conservation, especially in the Mediterranean region. In the case of Natura Net 2000, where traditional agricultural and livestock activities had a larger importance, it would be advisable to definitively implement the pending management plans, which are feasible and compatible with local human activities.

The common dolphin (Delphinus delphis) is one of the most abundant species in Atlantic Iberia, representing a potentially important tool to assess the bioaccumulation of trace elements in the Iberian marine ecosystem. Nine elements (As, Cd, Cu, Hg, Mn, Ni, Pb, Se and Zn) were evaluated in 36 dolphins stranded in continental Portugal. Dolphins had increasing Hg concentrations (16.72 μg·g− 1 ww, liver) compared with previous studies in Atlantic Iberia, whereas Cd concentrations (2.26 μg·g− 1 ww, kidney) fell within reported ranges. The concentrations of some trace elements (including Cd and Hg) presented positive relationships with dolphin length, presence of parasites and gross pathologies. Common dolphins may help biomonitoring more offshore Atlantic Iberian areas in future studies, which would otherwise be difficult to assess.

One of the humpback whales' stocks uses the Brazilian Coast as breeding and calving ground during the austral winter. The species is recovering from commercial hunting and re-occupying previous breeding areas. Aerial surveys conducted to estimate the species density and abundance along the continental shelf of the Eastern Brazilian Coast revealed important core areas at the southern portion of the Abrolhos Bank. The rapid growth of human activities in these coastal areas motivated the use of Geographic Information Systems as a tool to guide the identification of priority areas for the species conservation. The species distribution was modelled using a kernel density estimator. The corresponding layer was used to identify areas of overlay with components of maritime traffic and with hydrocarbon exploitation areas. The resulting risk map was overlaid with existent Marine Protected Areas, allowing the cartography of areas where management measures still need to be undertaken to ensure habitat protection. These areas were identified as priorities for the species conservation as they encompass important breeding concentrations that were completely overlain by areas used to hydrocarbon exploitation and/or as navigation corridors. The present work gives support to an ecosystem-based management and ocean zoning of this portion of the Brazilian coast.

The Iberian Peninsula (Iberia) is a key region for preserving many endangered habitats and species. High biodiversity areas, such as Natura 2000 sites and High Nature Value farmlands, are widespread in Iberia. However, the massive, uncontrolled proliferation of exotic Eucalyptus globulus plantations in some regions may jeopardise conservation goals. It is thus important to assess the potential conflicts of E. globulus plantations with high biodiversity areas, both in current and future times. We applied species distribution models to project the current and future potential ranges of E. globulus plantations in Iberia, considering two representative concentration (of greenhouse gas) pathways (RCP): RCP2.6 and RCP8.5. Projections include a range of environmental suitability for E. globulus plantations. These projections were assessed in relation to the distribution of the Natura 2000 sites and High Nature Value farmlands. Conflicts were rated based on the combination between the level of suitability for plantations and the level of biodiversity importance in a grid of cells covering Iberia.Eucalyptus globulus plantations are currently widespread inside the Natura 2000 network of the Iberian Peninsula. In a few Natura 2000 sites, E. globulus cover increased after their designation as a protected area. Overall, plantations expanded greatly around Natura 2000 sites. The species distribution model showed that the current potential range of E. globulus plantations extends over 18% of Iberia, mostly along the Atlantic shore, being mainly determined by the minimum temperature of the coldest month. The future projections show a northward contraction of the suitable range, especially under the RCP8.5 (warmer scenario). However, the suitability for E. globulus plantations will improve in most of the receding range, leading to an aggravation of the potential conflicts with those high biodiversity areas. This study helps identify priority areas to prevent further impacts of E. globulus plantations on Iberian biodiversity.

Many biotic factors impact forest health and productivity and an important damage agent in many forests in North America is the black bear (Ursus americanus). Black bears use trees for feeding and marking purposes, both resulting in cambial damage, which reduces growth rates and can increase mortality rates. Black bear behavior is strongly impacted by human activities including forest management and supplemental feeding. During the 2010 permanent sample plot census and tree health survey in Fundy National Park, New Brunswick, Canada we measured high rates of bear damage; roughly 10% of the sampled population experienced damage in a non-uniform way within the Park. The goal of the present research was to examine the spatial distribution of bear damage, determine underlying causes of spatially non-homogeoneous bear damage and quantify the impact of this damage on forest dynamics.Bear damage was more frequent around the periphery of the Park and using spatial scan statistics, we identified two clusters of bear damage, both at the Park’s inland borders and adjacent to areas of high bear hunting baiting station density. Species differed in the extent of damage, with hardwood species incurring proportionally greater damage. Using multiple regression we modeled bear damage as a function of stand type (%hardwood), stem density, proximity to and density of bait stations and distance to the nearest major edge. Models containing stand type and bait station metrics garnered the greatest support based on minimum AIC analysis. Bear damage was greater in hardwood stands and in sites closer to or in areas of higher density of bait stations. Bear damage had a significant negative impact on forest dynamics; 2005–2010 diameter growth showed significant reductions in response to bear damage.Our findings implicate bear bait stations used by hunters in aggregating black bears at the Park periphery where they cause greater damage to the trees, which results in reduced growth rates in these areas. Effectively, high bait station densities surrounding the Park are contributing to two related edge effects: (1) increased activity in and use of forests at the Park edges by bears; and (2) increased damage and decreased growth in peripheral stands where bear activity is high. Continued heavy bear damage could pose a threat to forest integrity along the boundaries of the Park. Thus, despite the high protection afforded this National Park, its function and long-term integrity is impacted by adjacent land uses as demonstrated by the present study, an increasingly widespread problem facing protected areas.

This study assessed the combined effects of increased urbanization and climate change on streamflow in the Yadkin-Pee Dee watershed (North Carolina, USA) and focused on the conversion from forest to urban land use, the primary land use transition occurring in the watershed. We used the Soil and Water Assessment Tool to simulate future (2050–2070) streamflow and baseflow for four combined climate and land use scenarios across the Yadkin-Pee Dee River watershed and three subwatersheds. The combined scenarios pair land use change and climate change scenarios together. Compared to the baseline, projected streamflow increased in three out of four combined scenarios and decreased in one combined scenario. Baseflow decreased in all combined scenarios, but decreases were largest in subwatersheds that lost the most forest. The effects of land use change and climate change were additive, amplifying the increases in runoff and decreases in baseflow. Streamflow was influenced more strongly by climate change than land use change. However, for baseflow the reverse was true; land use change tended to drive baseflow more than climate change. Land use change was also a stronger driver than climate in the most urban subwatershed. In the most extreme land use and climate projection the volume of the 1-day, 100 year flood nearly doubled at the watershed outlet. Our results underscore the importance of forests as hydrologic regulators buffering streamflow and baseflow from hydrologic extremes. Additionally, our results suggest that land managers and policy makers need to consider the implications of forest loss on streamflow and baseflow when planning for future urbanization and climate change adaptation options.

In mature forests of the Ozark Highlands, MO, USA, we evaluated fire effects on the survival and growth of tree seedlings and saplings (i.e., advance regeneration), and used this information to develop species-specific models that predict the probability of survival based on initial tree size and number of times burned.A 1000 ha forest area was divided into five units that were randomly chosen to receive one, three or four dormant season surface fires during the period 1998–2001. A total of 2741 stems of advance regeneration, ranging in size up to 15 cm in basal diameter and 15 m in height, were permanently marked and measured in all the units. One and four years after initiating the burn treatments, height of survivors was measured.Although most stems experienced shoot dieback following the first fire, survival was high (>90%) for all species as most trees produced new shoots from the living rootstock. The probability of surviving one fire was significantly related to initial stem size (basal diameter and height). With additional burning, the probability of survival increased with increasing initial tree size, and decreased as the number of burns increased. For a given initial diameter, black oak and post oak had the highest probability of survival after three or more burns (e.g., 88% for 5 cm stems), followed closely by white oak (80%), and scarlet oak (60%). For similar sized stems, flowering dogwood had low probabilities of survival (e.g., 25%), and blackgum was devastated by frequent burning (2%). Sassafras showed the greatest tolerance to burning, and more than 90% of stems survived three or more fires over a 4-year period. The probability of survival significantly decreased with increasing number of burns for most species. However, frequency of burning had less influence on the probability of survival for larger (e.g., ≥7.6 cm) diameter advance regeneration than it did for smaller stems.One fire significantly altered the height distribution of advance regeneration, concentrating most of the stems in the smallest height class (<1 m tall). Recovery of height was slow even 4 years after a burn due to the suppression of regeneration by the overstory canopy that averaged 18 m2/ha in basal area (69% stocking). Overall, repeated burning in the dormant season reduces understory structure and favors oak advance regeneration. Survival models can be used to plan for woodland and savanna restoration.

Currently, risk assessments related to rising sea levels and the adoption of defensive or adaptive measures to counter these sea level increases are underway for densely populated deltas where economic losses might be important, especially in the developed world. However, many underpopulated deltas harbouring high biological and cultural diversity are also at risk but will most likely continue to be ignored as conservation targets. In this study, we explore the potential effects of erosion, inundation and salinisation on one of the world's comparatively underpopulated megadeltas, the Orinoco Delta. With a 1 m sea level rise expected to occur by 2100, several models predict a moderate erosion of the delta's shorelines, migration or loss of mangroves, general inundation of the delta with an accompanying submersion of wetlands, and an increase in the distance to which sea water intrudes into streams, resulting in harm to the freshwater biota and resources. The Warao people are the indigenous inhabitants of the Orinoco Delta and currently are subject to various socioeconomic stressors. Changes due to sea level rise will occur extremely rapidly and cause abrupt shifts in the Warao's traditional environments and resources, resulting in migrations and abandonment of their ancestral territories. However, evidence indicates that deltaic aggradation/accretion processes at the Orinoco delta due to allochthonous sediment input and vegetation growth could be elevating the surface of the land, keeping pace with the local sea level rise. Other underpopulated and large deltas of the world also may risk immeasurable biodiversity and cultural losses and should not be forgotten as important conservation targets.

For many animal species, there is a relationship between life history strategies, as predicted by the r–K-selection theory, degree of habitat specialization and response to habitat alteration and loss. Here we compare two sympatric woodlice species with contrasting patterns of habitat use and geographical distribution. We predict that Atlantoscia floridana (Philosciidae), considered a habitat generalist, would exhibit the r-selected traits, whereas Balloniscus glaber (Balloniscidae), considered a habitat specialist, should have the K-selected traits. We analyzed several life history traits as well as life and fecundity tables using 715 and 842 females of A. floridana and B. glaber, respectively, from populations living in syntopy in southern Brazil. As predicted, most evaluated traits allow A. floridana to be considered an r-strategist and B. glaber a K-strategist: A. floridana showed a shorter lifetime, faster development, earlier reproduction, a smaller parental investment, higher net reproductive rate (R0), a higher growth rate (r) and a shorter generation time (T) in comparison to B. glaber. A. floridana seems to be a successful colonizer with a high reproductive output. These characteristics explain its local abundance, commonness and wide geographical distribution. On the contrary, B. glaber has a restricted geographical distribution that is mainly associated with Atlantic forest fragments, a biome threatened by deforestation and replacement by monocultures. Its narrow distribution combined with the K-selected traits may confer to this species an increased extinction risk.

Growing evidence suggests environmental change to be most severe across the semi-arid subtropics, with past, present and projected drying of the Mediterranean Basin posing a key multidisciplinary challenge. Consideration of a single climatic factor, however, often fails to explain spatiotemporal growth dynamics of drought-prone ecosystems. Here, we present annually resolved and absolutely dated ring width measurements of 871 Scots pines (Pinus sylvestris) from 18 individual plot sites in the Central Spanish Pinar Grande forest reserve. Although comprising tree ages from 6 to 175 years, this network correlates surprisingly well with the inverse May–July diurnal temperature range (r = 0.84; p < 0.00011956–2011). Ring width extremes were triggered by pressure anomalies of the North Atlantic Oscillation, and the long-term growth decline coincided with Iberian-wide drying since the mid-1970s. Climate model simulations not only confirm this negative trend over the last decades but also project drought to continuously increase over the 21st century. Associated ecological effects and socio-economic consequences should be considered to improve adaptation strategies of agricultural and forest management, as well as biodiversity conservation and ecosystem service.

tion biologists increasingly face the need to provide legislators, courts and conservation managers with data on causal mechanisms underlying conservation problems such as species decline. To develop and monitor solutions, conservation biologists are progressively using more techniques that are physiological. Here, we review the emerging discipline of conservation physiology and suggest that, for conservation strategies to be successful, it is important to understand the physiological responses of organisms to their changed environment. New physiological techniques can enable a rapid assessment of the causes of conservation problems and the consequences of conservation actions.

Chiroxiphia and Antilophia manakins are recognized as closely related genera. Nonetheless, Chiroxiphia has been recovered as paraphyletic in some studies with limited taxonomic coverage. This genus currently comprises five species, although this arrangement is still unsettled. Chiroxiphia pareola is the most widespread species, with four recognized subspecies, but their taxonomic status are also uncertain. Finally, the phylogenetic relationships amongst the majority of Chiroxiphia and Antilophia taxa are unknown. Here, we use multilocus DNA sequences from multiple individuals of all currently accepted species and subspecies of both genera to infer their phylogenetic relationships and its implications on their classification. Our results suggest Chiroxiphia, as currently defined, is a paraphyletic group, since C. boliviana is more closely related to Antilophia than to the remaining Chiroxiphia taxa. Within C. pareola, our results support that C. p. regina and C. p. napensis should be treated as independent species. We found three divergent clades in C. p. pareola likely corresponding to distinct subspecies: one in which the isolated and endemic Tobago Island C. p. atlantica individuals are grouped with C. p. pareola from the north bank of the lower Amazon River; and two sister clades comprising individuals distributed south of the Amazon river, and those from the Atlantic Forest.

Both the conservation status of bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) (Habitats Directive 92/43/CEE, Annex II) and the Marine Strategy Framework Directive demand for data on their ecology and anthropogenic threats. To evaluate the bottlenose dolphin's toxicological status in continental Portugal, several trace elements (As, Cd, Cu, Hg, Mn, Ni, Pb, Se, Zn) were determined in 25 stranded individuals. The potential effect of sex, body length and stranding location on trace element concentrations was analysed. In the present study, bottlenose dolphins presented high mercury levels, only exceeded by animals from the Mediterranean and Adriatic seas. Only essential elements were influenced by dolphin sex, whereas Cd, Hg and Pb bioaccumulated in larger dolphins, and hepatic Hg and Cd concentrations were higher in the northwest coast of continental Portugal. The location effect may relate to variations in bottlenose diet and trace element availability, according to the proximity to anthropogenic sources in the Atlantic Iberian coast.

In Brazil, market-based instruments focusing on land use dimensions are increasingly promoted as a means to make public environmental policies effective. Landowners and farmers call for more flexible regulations and economic incentives to adopt ecologically sound practices, while public agencies and conservation NGOs seek new ways of financing and legitimising legal standards. Market-based instruments are considered by these actors as having the potential to both achieve their own goals and conciliate all interests. As a result, legal frameworks (including cap-and-trade systems, biodiversity offsetting and payments for ecosystem services) are being designed which allow to exchange land use rights and obligations. Under a sociolegal approach, this article provides an overview of such instruments. It shows to what extent they may entail a reconfiguration of the burden sharing and the priority setting of nature conservation. Depending on how actors use legal standards, their responsibilities may be eased and the level of conservation may be lowered, both facts that raise significant controversy.

In this study, we explore the influence of environmental and anthropogenic factors on the floristic variability of the “coastal dunes with Juniperus spp.” European habitat (code 2250*) in Sardinia. Two datasets were created: the first by inputting phytosociological relevés available in literature plus our own samplings; the second by including, for each relevé, environmental, floristic, and human-related factors. Differences in Juniperus habitat composition and the influence of the explanatory variables were analyzed by multivariate analysis, while GLM were used to test the effect of human disturbance and sampling period on several habitat parameters (plant richness, cover of endemic and alien taxa). The floristic composition differed among sites, being significantly influenced by all the variables analyzed except coastal type. Composition was governed mainly by a latitudinal gradient, linked to a climatic gradient, which varied from North to South. In addition, the floristic richness was positively influenced by low and medium levels of human disturbance. Similarly, the plant richness and cover of endemic taxa was positively related to medium level of human disturbance, while the cover of alien taxa was positively related to recent sampling. The analysis of our own floristic data together with those recorded from 1976 is useful to monitor floristic changes over decades and gives a better understanding of the “coastal dunes with Juniperus spp.” habitat to contribute to its conservation; therefore, management actions, such as eradication of alien taxa, should be implemented.

Despite increased awareness of the biodiversity crisis, and increased global political and financial support for biodiversity conservation, (together referred to here as the biodiversity agenda) biodiversity scientists continue to lament the poor performance of biodiversity conservation initiatives. Using the highly biodiverse state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico as a case study, the process by which the application of the science of biodiversity conservation becomes compromised by rural development agendas is illustrated with particular reference to the relationship between the Mexican state, a transnational conservation NGO (WWF) and a community of local conservation NGOs. Semistructured interviewing was the principal research tool used and an actor-network approach informed the analysis. Given the mixed agendas and powerful position of Oaxaca's NGO community it is argued that the extension of the biodiversity agenda into Oaxaca is necessarily a process of negotiation, not of expert driven prescription. Whilst Oaxacan conservation might be improved by strengthening local scientific capacity in the state, the less-than-perfect transmission of biodiversity science to the practice of biodiversity conservation might usefully be reinterpreted as indicative of the successful introduction of local concerns, rather than a failure of conservation.

Surrogate indicators are important alternatives to overcome the shortage of total biodiversity data for planning and implementing conservation measures. The most important premise of this approach is congruence among surrogate candidates and among different assemblages. The aim of this study was to evaluate abundance and incidence congruence between invertebrate assemblages at two taxonomic resolutions (genus and family), and between invertebrate assemblage (genus) and three groups of taxa (EPT, Odonata, and Trichoptera). We also evaluated the congruence between functional groups of EPT and the taxonomic groups listed above. Data were collected from 51 stream sites distributed along a disturbance gradient in the rural area of the Paragominas municipality of the state of Pará, Brazil. We used Procrustes analysis to test congruence between invertebrate assemblages at the multiple taxonomic resolutions listed previously. Family taxonomic level was a good substitute for similarity patterns measured at the genera level. EPT genus also were highly congruent with whole invertebrate assemblage (genus level) variation. Trichoptera had greater congruence with all macroinvertebrate genera than did Odonata. The congruence between EPT functional groups and groups of taxa was greater than r = 0.70. In general, taxonomic and functional metrics responded similarly to environmental conditions (water quality, channel morphology, substrate, riparian vegetation cover). Trichoptera (abundance), EPT (genera and functional groups), or invertebrate families appear to be reasonable surrogates for Amazon stream invertebrate assemblage as biological indicators for assessing and conserving streams influenced by agriculture.

tudies that incorporate the spatial distributions of biological benefits and economic costs in conservation planning have shown that limited budgets can achieve substantially larger biological gains than when planning ignores costs. Despite concern from donors about the effectiveness of conservation interventions, these increases in efficiency from incorporating costs into planning have not yet been widely recognized. Here, we focus on what these costs are, why they are important to consider, how they can be quantified and the benefits of their inclusion in priority setting. The most recent work in the field has examined the degree to which dynamics and threat affect the outcomes of conservation planning. We assess how costs fit into this new framework and consider prospects for integrating them into conservation planning.

The effectiveness of four grassland-specific agri-environment measures (AEM), implemented in the frame of the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) in the period 2007–2013 in Slovenia was studied. We questioned whether the measures – “extensive grassland maintenance”; “preservation of special grassland habitats”; “preservation of grassland habitats for butterflies” and “bird conservation in humid extensive meadows in Natura 2000 sites” did genuinely support the conservation (maintenance or improvement) of high nature value (HNV) grasslands in Slovenia. The HNV grasslands were defined on the basis of national fine-resolution field mapping of habitat types. Two main outcomes emerged: AEM did not reach the vast majority of HNV grasslands in Slovenia (only 3%); the proportion of HNV grassland area included in AEM was negligibly low (1). Moreover, even this very limited interest in AEM did not target only grasslands of HNV, but any permanent grasslands regardless of their conservation value: forty-one percent (41%) of the grassland areas included in the AEM were actually non-HNV grasslands (2). The absence of pre-selection criteria for grasslands along with an absence of monitoring of the effectiveness and efficiency of the measures and low interest in the subsidies among farmers, led to almost complete failure of the AEM to promote and conserve species-rich extensive grasslands in Slovenia between 2007 and 2013. Even with some minor differences, the same concept was maintained for the currently running EAFRD 2014–2020, which raises serious concern.

Activity patterns of mammals are shaped by abiotic pressures and biotic interactions. Here, we describe the daily activity pattern of the northern tiger cat Leopardus tigrinus in semiarid drylands, an Endangered species in Brazil, and test its overlap with those of potential prey, small mammals and ground birds. Also, we test the effect of the lunar phase on the synchrony of the predator-prey interactions. Camera trap data were obtained from ten areas in the Caatinga of the Rio Grande do Norte state, totalling a sampling effort of 7271 camera-days. The northern tiger cat activity pattern was primarily nocturnal, although it shows a considerable crepuscular activity and some daytime activity. Results suggest a high activity overlap with small mammals, that were strongly nocturnal, but a low activity overlap with ground birds that were diurnal and crepuscular. The lunar cycle did not affect the activity of the northern tiger cat, but changed the activity of small mammals, which were most active during new moon phase. A feeding study performed in another geographic region of the Caatinga suggests, in contrast, that northern tiger cats should have a higher activity during the day or during the crepuscular period. Our results suggest that the stressful conditions of the day period in the Caatinga drylands, the virtual absence of nocturnal top predators in our study area, and the higher availability of small mammals during the night are propably shaping the activity pattern of the northern tiger cat. Our study contributes to enlarge our knowledge on the behavioural ecology of a threatened small cat providing one of the first insight on its predator-prey interactions.

Grasslands are important to domestic and wild animals. Migratory shorebirds are important components of coastal rangeland ecosystems. Buff-breasted Sandpiper (BBSA, Calidris subruficollis) and American golden-plover (AMGP, Pluvialis dominica) are two insectivorous, migrant shorebirds that rely on livestock-grazed grasslands in the Southern Cone of South America during their nonbreeding season, as well as on migration in North America. We studied habitat selection of these species and contrasted their needs with livestock requirements needed to develop recommendations for grazing management that benefit wildlife and livestock production. Short grass height was positively related to BBSA and AMGP abundance, with ideal grass heights from 2 to 5 cm. However, maximum livestock production is associated with grass height over 6 cm. The amount of forest cover, which is used to provide shade to livestock, was negatively related to the occurrence of both shorebird species, likely due to higher risks of predation. Grassland improvement did not affect BBSA but negatively affected AMGP abundance. Short grass habitat was selected by both shorebird species in spite of the higher arthropod biomass in taller grasslands, suggesting that other factors besides food abundance, such as the ability to detect prey and predators, are driving habitat selection. To enhance shorebird (and other wildlife) conservation and livestock production, we recommend managers adjust grazing intensity so that grass height is > 6 cm from mid-February to September, when the Nearctic migrant shorebirds are absent, and from 2 to 5 cm from October to early February when shorebirds are present. These austral summer adjustments should be restricted to paddocks with low forest cover so that livestock production in paddocks with high forest cover remains maximized. All adjustments should be evaluated by each farmer to ensure adequate economic returns are met.

This article details the results of a social survey concerning “depolderisation”, conducted in the Arcachon Bay on the south-western French Atlantic coast. Depolderisation consists of reopening polders to the sea via tidal gates, creating breaches in the dikes or dismantling them altogether. Although this technique has rarely been used in France, in comparison with the UK or the USA, it has begun to arouse interest, especially in the wake of storm Xynthia which in 2010 heavily damaged the French Atlantic reclaimed coast. In the Arcachon Bay, researchers have demonstrated that managing flooding risk through depolderisation leads to ecosystemic benefits, such as a more flexible sea defence through the restoration of saltmarshes, biodiversity enhancement and nature-based recreation. They have also investigated the social acceptability of depolderisation – the main topic of this article. Several methods were used to analyse this acceptability: thorough interviews, a questionnaire survey answered by 675 polder users and inhabitants and a survey on their willingness to pay. The results show that the local people and some of the stakeholders are largely opposed to depolderisation, preferring the reinforcement of sea dikes. This refusal is not linked to a fear of the sea but to a deep attachment to local polders and their uses, and to the slow pace of national policy development on coastal risk management. The fact that similar results have been obtained in other European countries confirms some of these results. This article is a contribution to the debate initiated in developed countries on more flexible or natural ways of managing coastal risks and adaptation to climate change, and on the social obstacles that hinder renewed and sustainable coastal policies.

The design process utilized in the partial water reuse systems at the White River National Fish Hatchery (NFH) is described in detail. The design of the White River NFH partial water reuse systems illustrates that important criteria for fish production in restoration or supplementation programs can be met and achieve a reduction in water use and utilize technologies that effect good waste capture and concentration. The design also describes a method to build on existing infrastructure for the conversion to reuse systems for state, federal, and commercial hatcheries. The partial water reuse system design was based on the design that Summerfelt et al. (2004) has used to increase salmonid production for a given water flow, improve waste capture efficiency, and maintain excellent water quality within the culture tanks. However, the White River NFH, partial water reuse system design was based on a different set of biological criteria that are important for species restoration programs. Future work will be done at White River NFH with the Atlantic salmon smolt stocking program to determine the effectiveness of the system beyond the aforementioned benefits.

Conservation management that is focused on the scale of individual habitat patches rarely considers the implications for conservation of metacommunities at the regional scale. Here we examine the conservation implications of long-term changes identified in a vascular plant metacommunity associated with lowland heathland in Dorset, UK. This was achieved by re-surveying 150 patches that were first surveyed in the 1930s and assessing changes in species distributions, diversity, community composition and metacommunity structure. Results were compared for two sets: (i) all remaining heathland patches and (ii) intact heaths, excluding partly degraded sites. Overall, patterns of change were similar for the two sets. Values of γ- and α-diversity both decreased over time as individual patches shifted towards either woodland or improved grassland communities. However, only the intact heaths set exhibited a significant decrease in β-diversity. Both sets lost metacommunity structure over time, suggesting a change in underlying processes. These changes were attributable both to management regimes adopted at local sites, relating to their differing ownership, and to wider processes of environmental change. These results highlight the need to place site-based conservation actions in the context of regional-scale processes, to ensure the long-term conservation of metacommunity structure and function.

Landowner willingness to participate in buffer programs such as the Conservation Reserve Program is explored in the context of the Total Maximum Daily Load program, to differentiate between those who are likely to enroll from others and to determine the probability of enrollment. Using survey data, results indicate that simply informing farmland owners of the eligibility of their land has the potential to increase willingness for filter strip enrollment. Farm owners more likely to participate are those who have greater debts, rely less on farm-generated income as a percentage of total family income and visit their local Natural Resources Conservation Service office more regularly.

Plant species composition and vertical structure of oak-mixed Atlantic woodlands differing on disturbance regime were studied in the Basque Country, northern Spain. Four different disturbance groups were considered depending on the time since last thinning and the presence/absence of grazers. Plant species cover varied among disturbance groups for 17 out of the total 47 species present in the study area. In general, disturbance by clear-cutting favoured the cover of Betula alba, Castanea sativa and Quercus robur. The shrub species most affected by disturbance were heathers. Among these, the most drastic effect was found for Calluna vulgaris, Daboecia cantabrica and Erica vagans which disappeared in those woodlands subjected to grazing. Several nemoral species, such as Vaccinium myrtillus, Blechnum spicant and Lamiastrum galeobdolon, were absent in these same grazed forests. By contrast, generalist species, such as Ruscus aculeatus, Geranium robertianum and Veronica officinalis, were mostly present in the grazed woodlands.Diversity was measured as Species Richness as well as with the Shannon’s and Simpson’s indices. Plant species richness did not vary with disturbance treatment, however, it was highest for trees and shrubs at those woodlands in an advanced stage of regeneration, and for herbs in the lowest and highest disturbance groups. Besides, only the third vertical layer (2.5–10 m) was affected by disturbance treatment. Simpson’s was the best index to explain the observed differences in the structure of woodlands subjected to unalike levels of disturbance. Species diversity was highest in woodlands with lowest disturbance or in an advanced state of regeneration. Woodlands with lowest disturbance had the highest diversity of trees and those woodlands in an advanced state of regeneration showed the highest diversity of shrub species. Regarding vertical structure, diversity was mostly affected in the intermediate layer (2.5–10 m), with highest values found in woodlands at the lowest disturbance group, i.e. at least 100 years of no disturbance. Two indices of evenness, i.e. Pielou’s and Simpson’s were also calculated in this study. Results here presented suggest that plant species composition, percent cover of individual plant species, and the Simpson’s diversity index (applied considering the different growth-forms and vertical layers) are suitable and complementary indices to evaluate disturbance at the studied woodlands.

Mans activities pose a number of threats to natural vegetation. One of the major threats is the increase in atmospheric deposition. In this paper information on the ecological effects of increased atmospheric deposition upon non-forest ecosystems of high nature conservation importance (shallow soft-water lakes, heathlands, matgrass swards, and calcareous grasslands) have been presented. Empirical nitrogen critical loads are discussed and finally summarized.

The aim of this study was to examine bulk precipitation, throughfall, and stemflow in order to determine the processes involved in changes in solution chemistry throughout the canopy (wash-off of dry-deposited solutes and canopy leaching), and the amount of atmospheric deposition in an oligotrophic, deciduous forest ecosystem of Quercus pyrenaica. The work was conducted over 3 years in the ‘Sierra de Gata’ mountains (central-western Spain), a remote area with a low degree of anthropogenic pollution. Four permanent plots were selected following a rainfall gradient (annual mean precipitation ranges from 720 to 1580 mm per year). The results confirm the absence of acid or polluted deposition from anthropogenic sources at these sites, with a weakly acid precipitation (pH 5.4–5.6), which has a low level of solutes, specially of SO42− and NO3−. Throughfall was slightly less acid than or equally acid to the incident rain; however, stemflow was more acidic than rain, possibly because of its enrichment organic acids by leaching. Throughfall and stemflow were specially enriched in Mn, K, and P, and to a lesser extent, in Mg and dissolved organic C (DOC) from tree organs. Cation enrichment in solutions flowing through forest canopies came mainly from canopy exchange (CE), especially Mn2+, K+, and Mg2+. By contrast, inorganic anions (Cl−, NO3−, and SO42−) came from atmospheric sources (wash-off), although there was a slight CE of chloride. Part of the ammonium and nitrate from precipitation and dry deposition were absorbed by the canopy, resulting in a negative net balance. CE reflected the limited-nutrient status of the forests studied, with low CE rates and appreciable canopy absorption rates. The low acidity of the atmospheric deposition also contributed to the low CE. Depositions from bulk precipitation was higher than dry deposition (DD), as is typical of remote areas, but DD also represented an important input of nutrients to these forests, with over 30% of the total atmospheric deposition, on average. Overall, both kind of depositions could substantially contribute to the annual nutrient demand for canopy growth.

Plasmodium malariae is a protozoan parasite that causes malaria in humans and is genetically indistinguishable from Plasmodium brasilianum, a parasite infecting New World monkeys in Central and South America. P. malariae has a wide and patchy global distribution in tropical and subtropical regions, being found in South America, Asia, and Africa. However, little is known regarding the genetics of these parasites and the similarity between them could be because until now there are only a very few genomic sequences available from simian Plasmodium species. This study presents the first molecular epidemiological data for P. malariae and P. brasilianum from Brazil obtained from different hosts and uses them to explore the genetic diversity in relation to geographical origin and hosts. By using microsatellite genotyping, we discovered that of the 14 human samples obtained from areas of the Atlantic forest, 5 different multilocus genotypes were recorded, while in a sample from an infected mosquito from the same region a different haplotype was found. We also analyzed the longitudinal change of circulating plasmodial genetic profile in two untreated non-symptomatic patients during a 12-months interval. The circulating genotypes in the two samples from the same patient presented nearly identical multilocus haplotypes (differing by a single locus). The more frequent haplotype persisted for almost 3 years in the human population. The allele Pm09-299 described previously as a genetic marker for South American P. malariae was not found in our samples. Of the 3 non-human primate samples from the Amazon Region, 3 different multilocus genotypes were recorded indicating a greater diversity among isolates of P. brasilianum compared to P. malariae and thus, P. malariae might in fact derive from P. brasilianum as has been proposed in recent studies. Taken together, our data show that based on the microsatellite data there is a relatively restricted polymorphism of P. malariae parasites as opposed to other geographic locations.

In recent decades, human trampling has become an important factor in the degradation of Atlantic heathlands. In a previous paper we showed that short-term responses of heathland to trampling were dependant on environmental parameters such as season and weather conditions (Gallet, S., Rozé, F., 2001b. Resistance of Atlantic Heathlands to trampling in Brittany (France): influence of vegetation type, season and weather conditions. Biological Conservation, 97, 189–198). Here, long term responses of experimental trampling, characterised by the resilience and the tolerance of communities and plants appear also dependant on these parameters. Dry and mesophilous heathlands are more tolerant to trampling in winter than in summer. In the case of mesophilous heathland, this is linked to high plant resilience, especially of Erica ciliaris. In summer, influence of meteorological conditions at the time of trampling depend on the species; indeed wet conditions lead to lower tolerance of Erica cinerea but to higher tolerance of E. ciliaris. Management of tourist pressure on natural or semi-natural sites must take visitors on the more tolerant communities, so it must take into account the variability of tolerance to trampling of the different types of vegetation present and needs to be adaptable to environmental conditions.

Many countries have environmental legislation to protecting natural resources on private property. In Brazil, the Brazilian Forestry Code determines specific areas to maintain with natural vegetation cover, known as areas of permanent preservation (APP). Currently, there are few studies that relate topographic variables on APP. In this context, we sought to evaluate the influence of relief on the conservation of areas of permanent preservation (APP) in the areas surrounding Caparaó National Park, Brazil. By using the chi-squared statistical test, we verified that the presence of forest cover is closely associated with altitude. The classes of APP in better conservation status are slopes in addition to hilltops and mountains, whereas APP streams and springs are among the areas most affected by human activities. The most deforested areas are located at altitudes below 1100.00 m and on slopes less than 45°. All orientations of the sides were significant for APP conservation status, with the southern, southeastern, and southwestern sides showing the lower degrees of impact. The methodology can be adjusted to environmental legislation to other countries.

The New York–New Jersey Highlands, a 600,000 ha area of forested uplands, provide vital environmental services to the growing New York City, USA metropolitan region. Urban development and associated land use/land cover change threaten to impair the Highland's natural resource values. In response, the USDA Forest Service, in collaboration with Rutgers University, the U.S. Geological Survey, and the Regional Plan Association, undertook a regional study of the NY–NJ Highlands to characterize the resources at stake and assess the implications of continued land use change. This paper will focus on the Highlands as a case study on the application of landscape-scale indicators to assess the potential impacts of future land use change. A three-pronged approach was adopted: (1) land use/land cover change mapping to assess past changes, (2) build-out modeling to project possible future land use change, and (3) landscape-scale indicators of forest and watershed condition. The coupled build-out and landscape indicator analysis served as a planning tool to assess the potential impacts to forest and watershed integrity based on two different scenarios of future development.

In this paper the initial draft design of a payment for ecosystem services (PES) scheme in a municipality within the sugarcane belt of São Paulo state, Brazil (PES-RC), is compared with prevailing characteristics of successful PES cases in Latin America (PES-LA). This systematic comparison is performed by analyzing four major characteristics of PES: identity of traded ecosystem service (ES); spatial scale; type of transaction involved between ES providers and beneficiaries; and the involved actors. Information on the biophysical characteristics, institutional arrangement and financial options of PES-RC were assessed using participatory methods. We found that on the one hand there is an agreement between our case study and the prevailing successful cases of PES-LA regarding the traded ES (water) and the PES spatial scale (local). However, stakeholder opinions diverge from the success cases when it comes to the type of transaction (cash preferred in PES-RC; in-kind in successful PES-LA) and the involved actors. Our results raise the question whether stakeholder opinions or the characteristics of successful (or failure) cases should be prioritized when planning and operationalizing new PES schemes. We argue that stakeholder participation should be considered as an additional success criterion for the construction of public policies directed towards PES implementation.

The scarcity of data on natural history and ecology of lizards still limits the understanding of population dynamics for many species. We attempt to evaluate possible effects of climate change on the population dynamics of three lizard species (Ameiva ameiva, Gonatodes humeralis and Norops fuscoauratus) in two Amazonian localities (Caxiuanã National Forest and Ducke Reserve). We calculated a tolerance index combining environmental thermal adequacy with the b-d model, which consider survival and reproductive rates to calculate population dynamics. Thus, we simulated population growth rates based on current and future environmental operative temperatures, considering an optimistic and a business-as-usual scenario of greenhouse gases emissions (GGE), and evaluate if the sensitivity of life history traits to population growth rate are likely to be trigged by climate change. Our results demonstrated that both populations of G. humeralis and the Ducke population of N. fuscoauratus may become locally extinct under both scenarios of GGE, while both populations of A. ameiva are likely to decrease, but without reaching a scenario of local extirpation. This study represents the first effort to evaluate the sensitivity of lizard populations and elasticity to climate change and demonstrate the geographic variability of these traits in three widespread and habitat-generalist species. We highlight the need of new studies focusing on species with different biological trait patterns, such as endemic distributions and habitat-specialists, to provide the theoretical and empirical basis for biologically informed conservation strategies and actions, in order to minimize the potential extinction of populations due to climate change.

The adoption of the EC Regulation 1100/2007 for the recovery of the European eel required EU member states to implement and periodically report on their Eel Management Plans (EMPs) with the goal of achieving at least 40% of the silver eel escapement relative to the best estimate of escapement that would have existed if no anthropogenic influences had impacted the stock. The specific measures to achieve such a goal have spurred a harsh debate among the different stakeholders with the need to mediate among multiple conflicting interests. In this investigation the study of the dynamics of the eel fishery in the Santo André Lagoon, a small-scale fishery in the southwest of Portugal, is presented. Through the description of the management structure, the analysis of 40 years of catch and effort data, and the analysis of socio-economic data, the existing enforcement and the way forward is discussed. Day-to-day logbooks of catch and effort data from five professional fishermen, for two fishing seasons (that is, 2011/2012 and 2016/2017), and surveys to the community, were used to independently estimate total harvest and income of the eel fishery in Santo André Lagoon, and the perception of the fishermen toward regulation and management. The results showed that both catch per unit effort and fishing yield increased during the study period and now ranges between 68 and 169 kg/ha, with eel fishing making a significant fraction of the fishermen's revenue. Although the existing regulation does not satisfy the fishing community, their disagreement decreased during the studied period. The analysis of the fisheries management in the lagoon and its impact on eel harvesting and, on the stock, revealed opportunities to adjust the set of regulations enforced at the national level under the Portuguese EMP to the specific context of the Santo André Lagoon. Specifically, a co-management approach would promote legitimacy and contribute to a better acceptance of the regulations by the fishing community.

The world's forests provide a host of wood products, and non-wood resources, and they are critically important in conserving plant, animal, insect and microbial diversity, maintaining soil and water resources, and providing opportunities for employment and recreation. Only recently have we started to value forests for their ability to sequester carbon from the atmosphere. The rapidly changing atmospheric environment with its mix of increasing anthropogenic emissions means that the future world's forests will be faced with unprecedented levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, and rising temperatures due to the trapping of radiative heating by the greenhouse gases. In addition, large expanses of these ecosystems will be concurrently exposed to elevated levels of tropospheric ozone, particulates, nitrogen oxides, and acidic rainfall or other air pollutants. Finally, increasing demand for forest products and expanding development pressures from our rapidly growing world population will mean continued land use change and forest habitat loss. Thus, it is very difficult to predict the condition or productivity of forests in this century. In this book, a number of forest and atmospheric scientists summarize what is known on the impacts of air pollution and climate change on forest ecosystems.

Tropical moist forests are currently being altered or destroyed at a rapid rate. A 1980 assessment by the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) for all tropical countries has now been superseded for some by new assessments based largely on more recent satellite imagery. Comparison of different estimates are complex because of different definitions of ‘forest’, ‘alteration’, ‘degradation’ and ‘destruction’. Making allowance for these problems, the new estimates show that rate of deforestation has, in general, increased.A recent assessment by Myers for 1989 is more pessimistic than earlier surveys, estimating that remaining forest areas are less and rates of destruction higher, but Myers includes logging as forest destruction and excludes degraded forest from his measurements.The total number of species in tropical moist forests are poorly known.The pattern of likely species extinctions depends on the proportion of forest altered and destroyed, and its spatial pattern, and can be used to help set priorities for conservation.

Kelp forests dominate wave-exposed rocky reefs along mid-to-high latitude coastlines. The distribution and structure of kelp forests is determined by a range of physical and biological processes operating across varying spatial and temporal scales. Many kelp forest systems are strongly influenced by herbivory, and overgrazing by urchins, in particular, is a recognised driver of kelp forest distribution and structure. The ecological significance of herbivory by kelp-associated limpets, however, has received far less attention. We quantified seasonal population dynamics of Laminaria digitata and the blue-rayed limpet Patella pellucida on two rocky shores in North Devon, UK. For the kelp, we quantified density, percent cover, morphology, standing biomass, elongation and erosion rates, and C:N and phenol content. For the limpet, we measured abundance, biomass, and morphology, and for the limpet-kelp interaction we recorded observable grazing damage on the blade. Both populations exhibited typical seasonality with kelp growth rates peaking in spring, maximum standing biomass observed in summer and increased erosion rates in autumn. Blue-rayed limpets, which were recorded within kelp holdfasts as well as on stipes and blades, recruited in spring and peaked in abundance in late summer, with length and biomass generally increasing through the year. The area of kelp blade damaged by limpet grazing was low (a maximum of ~4%) and relatively consistent throughout the year, and the number and size of grazing scars exhibited limited seasonality. Survey data from other L. digitata populations in the UK suggested that the limpet abundances recorded in North Devon were comparable with other sites in the region. Although the impact of P. pellucida grazing on kelp blade tissue appears to be minimal, further research into cavity grazing by limpets on the stipe and in the holdfast is needed to formerly assess the impact these cavities have on dislodgement and fracture rates, especially when increased occupancy and grazing coincides with periods of intense wave action. We conclude that while herbivory is an important processes acting upon many kelp populations globally, the grazing pressure exerted by P. pellucida on L. digitata is unlikely to strongly influence population structure on UK rocky shores.

The lake Barombi Mbo pollen record goes back to about 28,000 yr B.P. The pollen diagram based on 82 samples is subdivided into four main pollen zones. Zone I (ca. 28,000 to 20,000 yr B.P.) is characterized by relatively high frequencies of Caesalpiniaceae and also by a montane element with Olea capensis. The climate was cool and relatively wet. Zone II (ca. 20,000 to 10,000 yr B.P.). A sharp increase in Gramineae, the main non-arboreal land pollen taxon, began around 20,000 yr B.P. and lasted until 10,000 yr B.P. During this period the forest receded, giving way to a more open vegetation, but significant patches of forest (refuges) persisted in the area. This is confirmed by isotopic analyses (δ13C of sedimentary detritic organic matter from the catchment. Until ca. 13,000 yr B.P. Olea capensis was well represented indicating a relatively cool climate. Between 13,000 and 12,000 yr B.P. a warming trend associated with a strong increase in precipitation occurred. After this an abrupt reduction in precipitation linked to an increase in seasonality, but without temperature lowering, intervened between ca. 11,500 and 10,400 yr B.P. This last phase corresponds partly to the Younger Dryas time period. Zone III (ca. 10,000 to 2800 yr B.P.). After ca. 10,400 yr B.P. the climate became very wet until ca. 3000 yr B.P. A sharp decrease in the Gramineae intervened at ca. 10,000 yr B.P.; from ca. 9500 to 3000 yr B.P. they remained very low, between 0 and 3%, and the forest trees reached their maximum extension. Most of the trees exhibited large variations with quasi-periods of around 1000 to mainly 2000 yr (ca. 2200 calendar years), which could be related to large sylvigenetic or successional cycles. In this zone the Caesalpiniaceae were relatively well represented, with a maximum extension between 4500 and 3000 yr B.P. Podocarpus, a typical tree of the montane stratiform cloud forests, exhibited very low frequencies before 10,000 yr B.P. but their relative increase during the early and middle Holocene can only be explained by its growth on distant mountains. Its maximum extension phase was roughly synchronous with that of Caesalpiniaceae. The climate was warm and wet, but cooler on the mountains. Zone IV (ca. 2800 yr B.P. to present time). Around 2800 yr B.P. a sharp increase in the Gramineae, peaking at 30 to 40% of total pollen between ca. 2500 and 2000 yr B.P., indicates a sudden phase of vegetation opening and forest retreat, accompanied by severe erosion. Alchornea, a typical pioneer taxon, increased rapidly at the same time to large frequencies because it develops abundantly in all the openings. Elaeis guineensis, originally a pioneer palm tree, follows the same pattern. The climate was warm, relatively dry, and linked to an increase of seasonality. After 2000 yr B.P. the Gramineae returned to low frequencies, around 10%, associated with a strong increase in trees, indicating that the forest expanded again but not to the same extent as in the early and middle Holocene. The climate was warm and relatively wet, rather similar to the present-day climate.

The significance of Pinus sylvestris and Pinus nigra forests in Gredos mountain range in the Iberian botanical literature has been traditionally a matter of controversy. Considered for many botanists to be anthropogenic forests, a high amount of syntaxonomic approaches, cartographies of potential vegetation and dynamic models have been created based on this guesswork.Nevertheless, this work contributes new data that contradicts this previous hypothesis. For the first time, these data prove the existence of a bioclimatic belt where pine trees dominated during the last 6500 years, clarifying its altitudinal range, surface extension, and its stability. The study is based on the analysis of fossil macrorests and megarests, dated using radiocarbon. The results obtained cohere with the suggestions of other authors that assume the native character of P. nigra and P. sylvestris in this area, based on data of diverse origin (palynological, historical, toponymical, dendrochronological or geobotanical).The paper then continues to discuss the geobotanical interpretation of the results and the regional lines of management, as well as the potential causes that could have induced the marked decline of pine forests in the last millennia.

Turvo Park in the Alto Uruguay River region of the State of Rio Grande do Sul is the last intact remnant of the Seasonally Deciduous Forest in southern Brazil. This forest once covered large parts of southern Brazil but it is now reduced to less than 3% of its original size due to intensive logging caused by its exceptional richness in tree species with commercial timber value. The current study presents results on the diversity of timber species inventored in Turvo Park and in a number of small and scattered forest remnants in its vicinity. All timber plants with DBH ≥5 cm were included in the forest inventory on 540 sampling points, established using the point-centred quarter method. On average, 313 plants ha−1 were recorded, belonging to 57 different species from 25 families. Timber species of commercial value represented 64% of all woody species and 36% of all woody plants. Nectandra megapotamica and Apuleia leiocarpa were the main dominant species. Twenty percent of all plants showed a DBH greater than 40 cm, representing 67% of the total log volume. Differences in species diversity and plant density among the forest remnants were detected. The few forest remnants represent an enormous richness of timber species, being the maintainers and propagule repository for all the biodiversity of that ecosystem. A knowledge-based forest management plan is therefore required to secure their vital role in forest enrichment programs or in projects aiming at recovering abandoned and degraded areas, and in breeding programs for the timber production improvement.

In 2009, Sirococcus tsugae was first reported in Maine on eastern hemlock. Our goal was to quantify the impact of the shoot blight disease caused by this fungal pathogen of unknown origin on eastern hemlock regeneration. From 2013 to 2014, 59 long-term monitoring plots established by the US Forest Service (USFS) Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) program in New England and New York were surveyed to determine the impact of S. tsugae. Damage by hemlock woolly adelgid (Adelges tsugae), elongate hemlock scale (Fiorinia externa), white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), or other causes was also recorded. Disease incidence and severity (percentage of shoots blighted and percentage of crown defoliated) were assessed for 20 seedlings per plot. Sirococcus shoot blight symptoms were present in most plots (90%) and on most seedlings (72%). For the majority of seedlings, blight affected less than 10% of shoots, but the percentage of shoots blighted did range up to 75%. Similarly, needle loss was limited to less than 25% of the crown for most seedlings. Disease severity was positively correlated with overstory hemlock density. Using species-specific polymerase chain reaction (PCR) primers, Sirococcus tsugae was identified from samples collected in the majority of sites (68%) in New England and New York. In permanent plots at the Massabesic Experimental Forest in Maine, disease symptom severity increased from 16% blighted shoots in 2011 to 47% blighted shoots in 2013. Results confirm that Sirococcus shoot blight of eastern hemlock is more widespread in natural forests of northeastern USA than previously known and that symptoms can be severe (>75% blighted shoots) in some locations.

Ecological niche models (ENMs) will successfully identify a species' ecological niche, provided that important assumptions are fulfilled, namely environment equilibrium and niche equality across the distribution. Violations may seriously affect ENM reliability, leading to erroneous biogeographic conclusions and inappropriate conservation prioritisation. We evaluate the robustness of ENMs against incomplete knowledge of distribution with a real example, the threatened Iberian lizard Podarcis carbonelli, whose distribution was gradually discovered over a long time period. We used several ENM methods for presence-only data (Maxent, ENFA, Bioclim, and Domain) to infer the realised ecological niche at two spatial resolutions (1 km and 200 m). The distribution data were split into four partial datasets corresponding to separate subranges: Central System (CS); Viseu-Aveiro (VA); Atlantic coast (AC); and Doñana (DO). We then accumulated the datasets following the species discovery sequence: CS + VA, CS + VA + AC, and CS + VA + AC + DO. Niche equivalence and similarity between partial models were compared using Ecospat. ENMs were strongly affected by the violation of niche equilibrium; only the VA subrange forecasts the complete species range. ENMs were also sensitive to the violation of niche equality: only VA models were similar to the Iberian model, altitude being the most important variable followed by annual precipitation, maximum temperature in July, and annual radiation. When the ENMs were applied only to the first subrange discovered (CS), only the VA area was predicted, while the other subranges might have remained unknown, thus compromising conservation strategies. As assumptions of niche equilibrium and equality were violated, likely owing to the species' ecological multimodality, the models generated were biased and of limited predictive value. ENMs are useful tools in biogeography and conservation, but only if their basal assumptions are achieved. Partial models may be useful if they are considered as representing different suitable habitats.

Forest distribution is controlled by broad regional trends in land use and by the specific natural and anthropogenic features of a particular site. To separate these influences in landscapes of the Southeastern coastal plain we describe land cover history outside the small city of Hattiesburg, Mississippi, USA, a rural landscape originally occupied by pine savanna and mixed forests. Land cover was recorded at 296 point locations regularly spaced on a 1 km grid. Aerial photographs from 1938, 1958, 1970, 1982, 2000, and 2010 illustrated a progression from open land to pine savanna, Southern Mixed Hardwood Forest (SMF), and built land cover, with low-density residential development encroaching after 1980 – a pattern reflecting broad regional trends in the mid and late 20th century. Examination of point-transitions showed frequent conversion between recent clearcuts and SMF, indicating rapid cycling of small parcels in short rotation forestry, and long-term conversion of abandoned agricultural land to SMF, reflecting regional regrowth following the lumber boom of the early 20th century. Pine savanna declined by introgression of hardwood species rather than by cutting. Logistic regression identified land on floodplains and distant from developed areas as most likely to regenerate as SMF. After 1980 urban expansion was most likely to occur close to existing buildings and arterial roads, suggesting nucleation outside the historical urban core. Thus, modern forest distribution has been decoupled from the natural environmental template. Recent land use changes appear to be driven by proximity to the expanding city rather than regional economic trends.

Partial harvesting in riparian buffers has been suggested as a forest management option to emulate natural disturbance patterns in riparian buffers. However, little is known about the effects of canopy gap creation by partial harvesting in riparian buffers on understory plant communities of boreal forests. We investigated the responses of understory species to gaps created by partial harvesting at up to 50% basal area removal in stream-side riparian buffers of boreal forests in northcentral Ontario, and compared them to nearby un-harvested buffers and riparian reference areas of undisturbed forests. Gap sizes ranged from 10 to 400 m2, but most were between 25 and 125 m2. Gaps created by partial harvesting measurably increased canopy openness, ground-level solar radiation, and shallow soil temperatures proportional to gap sizes, but the changes were small and only consistently higher than the range of these conditions in un-harvested riparian areas when gaps were >50 m2. Understory plant abundance in gaps tended to be higher than in un-harvested sites but significant differences could not be detected. Richness and diversity were higher among medium and large gaps (>20 m2) than in small gaps, but they were not higher than in un-harvested buffers or reference riparian areas. Multivariate community composition analyses could not detect significant differences between harvested and un-harvested areas. However, gaps created by partial harvesting affected foliar morphology of selected common understory plants. Leaf dry matter content was higher and specific leaf area was lower in harvested gaps than in un-harvested buffers or reference riparian areas, and both were related to gap size. Based on the unaltered understory community composition coupled with leaf morphological adaptations of selected understory plants to gaps, we conclude that the plant community is resilient to partial harvesting. Implications for riparian forest management under the emulation of natural disturbance paradigm are discussed.

Although the southeastern United States has >12 million ha of intensively managed pine forest, we have a poor understanding of how aquatic systems embedded in managed landscapes contribute to biodiversity. Further, the influence of local- and landscape-scale environmental factors on occupancy of aquatic habitat types by wetland-breeding species in managed forests is unclear. Thus, we investigated anuran occupancy across three ephemeral aquatic system types (altered sites, unaltered sites, and roadside ditches) embedded in an intensively managed pine landscape in eastern North Carolina, USA. These aquatic systems varied in management, disturbance intensity, and landscape context. Altered sites are actively managed as part of the surrounding plantation, unaltered sites are avoided by silvicultural activities (set aside), and ditches receive maintenance as part of routine forest management. We examined occupancy of anuran species at 53 aquatic sites surrounded by early-, mid-, or late-rotation aged stands. During January–July 2013–2014, we conducted repeated call surveys for anurans at aquatic sites and detected 14 species. We used single-species, multi-season occupancy models to examine associations between species occupancy and site- and landscape-scale habitat characteristics for 9 commonly encountered anurans as a function of aquatic system type and stand age class while accounting for imperfect detection. Detection probabilities by species ranged from 0.27 to 0.53 and increased seasonally through the year for most anurans. Species occupancy ranged in 2013 from 0.28 to 0.81 and in 2014 from 0.33 to 0.82. Species occupancy varied by aquatic system type, but the stand age surrounding an aquatic site had little effect on occupancy for most anurans we modeled. Our results indicate that local-scale factors commonly had a larger influence than landscape context on anuran occupancy. We detected evidence of breeding across all aquatic systems and stand age classes, suggesting at least a subset of species are calling and reproductively active. Our study highlights how novel landscape structure and reconfigured ephemeral aquatic systems embedded in intensively managed forests can support anuran occupancy across a range of disturbance intensities.

Information on the spatial incidence of fire ignition density and burnt area, trends and drivers of wildfires is vitally important in providing support for environmental and civil protection policies, designing appropriate prevention measures and allocating firefighting resources. The key objectives of this study were to analyse the geographical incidence and temporal trends for wildfires, as well as the main drivers of fire ignition and burnt area in Portugal on a municipal level. The results show that fires are not distributed uniformly throughout Portuguese territory, both in terms of ignition density and burnt area. One spot in the north-western area is well defined, covering 10% of the municipalities where more than one third of the total fire ignitions are concentrated. In > 80% of Portuguese municipalities, ignition density has registered a positive trend since the 1980s. With regard to burnt area, 60% of the municipalities had a nil annual trend, 35% showed a positive trend and 5%, located mainly in the central region, revealed negative trends. Geographically weighted regression proved more efficient in identifying the most relevant physical and anthropogenic drivers of municipal wildfires in comparison with simple linear regression models. Topography, density of population, land cover and livestock were found to be significant in both ignition density and burnt area, although considerable variations were observed in municipal explanatory power.

Characterising and regulating spatial structure of forested landscapes is an important step towards shifting the traditional focus of forest management from managing resource flows, such as timber and wildlife habitat, to managing forests. Concerns about maintenance of forest ecosystems, biodiversity and wildlife, as well as economic benefits have lead to the concept of forest landscape management. The focus of forest landscape management, like contemporary management, is the management of forest structure. Forest landscape management, however, is based upon the premise that resource flows as well as biodiversity levels and ecosystem processes are determined by the array and spatial arrangement of forest conditions, i.e. spatial structure, and its change over time.Using a quantitative description of spatial forest structure, we developed a forest landscape management design process. A geographic information system (GIS) based landscape management model was developed that incorporated harvesting intervention patterns (i.e. geographically referenced format of intervention) and forest performance indicators using spatial structure measurements. We demonstrate that geographically based harvesting patterns and performance indicators have the potential to design management for the creation of alternative forest landscapes of significantly different spatial structure.We conclude that forest landscape management, with its spatial structure focus, is a desirable evolution in forest management planning. It represents a common basis that various interest groups can use to communicate their values and objectives. Forest landscape management, however, is only possible with a GIS-based management design process in place. This must include: (i) a means of quantitatively measuring spatial structure so that objectives may be set and performance evaluated; (ii) a knowledge of what constitutes performance in spatial structure; (iii) a design toolkit of geographically referenced interventions; (iv) understanding of spatial forest dynamics; (v) a computer model.

In order to analyze preferences for various management options at the Atlantic Islands National Park in Spain, a stated choice survey was carried out. The complexity of responses and the identification of a wide variety of heterogeneous preferences and motivations were studied through the analysis of follow up questions. The application of a latent class model employing the information gathered in the follow-up questions has proved useful to disentangle different preferences and motivations. The results show that not considering this heterogeneity in the estimation process may lead to biased results, and therefore to an erroneous interpretation of individual's management preferences. In particular, results seem to indicate that those individuals with rational responses prefer to pay more for actions to improve the quality of the National Park rather than to expand it; while those with a protest attitude are more reactive to some measures, such as visits control and the creation of smoking areas.

y issuing its Millennium Development Goals, the United Nations has declared its intention to alleviate poverty and hunger at a global scale over the next decade. But, the perspectives and policies to achieve those goals have not addressed the failures of previous development efforts of this kind. Nor have the plans to meet the Millennium Development Goals paid sufficient attention to the costs of rural development for wild nature. This paper points up the absence of a new analytical framework for sustainability and an action program in favor of a poverty- and conservation-oriented rural development program to ensure that the benefits of multilateral development plans accrue to the truly poor and to the future of wild nature.

This paper evaluates the structure of street and park trees in Boston's neighborhoods of Roxbury and North Dorchester. The general hypothesis is that forest structures of two components of the public urban forest, street and park trees, are significantly different such that they may warrant different policy and management strategies. Data from an inventory of the neighborhoods in 1988–1989 include species, diameter at breast height, and condition of each tree. Descriptive variables calculated from the data include species diversity, size class diversity, percentage of the tress that are in good condition, and species importance lists. From the descriptive variables, size class diversity is greater for street than for park trees. Species diversity and percentage of trees in good condition are greater for park than for street trees. Results from chi-square analyses on tree condition, size class categories, and size class categories for Acer platanoides and Quercus rubra for Condition Class 3 all reject the null hypothesis that street and park tree populations are distributed similarly. A comparison of the importance lists that include the species that collectively make up 75% of all individuals and total basal area shows that there are only seven species required to reach that percentage for street trees, and 14 for park trees. At the 75% level, all species that make up at least 5% of all individuals and total basal area are included. Of the seven tree species on the importance list for street trees, only one is a member of the presettlement forest and all are tolerant of urban environmental stress. For park trees, over half of the 14 species on the importance list are members of the presettlement forest, and at least seven are tolerant of urban environmental stress. The results indicate that street and park trees are distinct populations within urban forests, and hence the processes acting to create these two components of the urban forest resource may also differ.

This paper reviews the environmental factors that influence biodiversity of freshwater mollusc communities and conservation status of watercourses in two Mediterranean acid mine drainage-impacted basins of the southern Iberian Peninsula. We found 17 mollusc species: 14 gastropods (10 native and 4 introduced) and 3 bivalves. We found five distribution patterns: native headwater (Arganiella wolfi, Stagnicola palustris, Unio delphinus, Pisidium casertanum and Pisidium personatum) and mouth (Hydrobia acuta, Peringia ulvae and Myosotella myosotis) sensitive-stenochoric species, intermediate sensitive-widely distributed species (Planorbarius metidjensis and Radix balthica), insensitive-eurychoric species (Ancylus fluviatilis), and erratic-distribution pattern species (Galba truncatula and Planorbis carinatus). The highest biodiversity indices have been found in non-impacted headwaters and, to a lesser extent, in tidal streams. The biodiversity of the middle reaches, with varying degrees of impact by acid mine drainage and high water deficit, was scarce and dominated by introduced species. Over 30% of the variation in native and introduced species richness is explained by environmental gradients related to heterogeneity (instream macrophytes cover and Fhi and Qbr indices) and acid runoffs (pH, conductivity, turbidity and concentration of sulphides). Severely impacted sites have no mollusc species. The conservation status of watercourses is also very remarkably influenced by the heterogeneity and contamination of the environment. Conservation values are higher in water bodies located in protected northern and southern sites in both basins.

Pollen, charcoal, and bulk sediment stable carbon isotope analysis of a 2.4 m sediment core from Laguna Yaguarú in eastern Bolivia, located near the modern ecotone between the humid, evergreen Amazon rainforest and the seasonally-dry, semi-deciduous Chiquitano dry forest, provides a > 5600 year record of environmental change in an area sensitive to changes in the strength of the South American monsoon. The core consists of organic sediment interrupted by a 15 cm mineral facies deposited ∼ 5270 yr BP in a low-energy flood event in the Yaguarú basin. Pollen data indicate that the basin contained a cattail (Typha) marsh prior to the flood. Some dry forest elements were present, probably growing within small patches of forest within a matrix of generally open vegetation including marsh, savanna, and savanna woodland. Above the flood-layer, Typha pollen is absent, indicating open-water conditions, and pollen assemblages are similar to modern pollen spectra from Bolivian dry forests. Around 1200 BP charcoal concentrations decrease, carbon isotope ratios become more negative, and Celtis pollen rises dramatically, signaling forest expansion and the development of the modern closed-canopy dry forest at Laguna Yaguarú. The wetter conditions implied by this forest expansion suggest the region was affected by the strengthening South American monsoon at this time. The timing of the arrival of monsoon moisture at Yaguarú is consistent with nearby records, allowing a ∼ 700 year delay for the migration of the monsoon to reach the more southerly location of Yaguarú.

Carbon offsets are a frequently discussed tool for reducing the costs of an emissions reduction policy. However, offsets have a basic problem stemming from asymmetric information. Sellers of offsets have private information about their opportunity costs, leading to concerns about whether offsets are additional. Non-additional offsets can undermine a cap-and-trade program or, if the government purchases them directly, result in enormous government expenditures. We analyze contracts for carbon sequestration in forests that mitigate the asymmetric information problem. Landowners are offered a menu of two-part contracts that induces them to reveal their type. Under this scheme, the government is able to identify ex post how much additional forest each landowner contributes and minimize ex ante its expenditures on carbon sequestration. To explore the performance of the contracting scheme, we conduct a national-scale simulation using an econometric model of land-use change. The results indicate that for an increase in forest area of 61 million acres, government expenditures are $5.3 billion lower under the contracting approach compared to a uniform subsidy offered to all landowners. This compares to an increase in private opportunity costs of just $110 million dollars under the contracts. Thus, the contracting scheme is preferable from society's perspective.

Ecosystem stewardship is a framework for actively shaping trajectories of ecological and social change to foster a more sustainable future for species, ecosystems, and society. We apply this framework to conservation challenges and opportunities in the Arctic, where the rapid pace of human-induced changes and their interactions force us now to consider a new relationship between people and the rest of nature. Biodiversity, which has traditionally been the target of conservation efforts, is increasingly affected by human impacts such as energy demand and industrial development that are motivated more by short-term profits than by concerns for societal consequences of long-term arctic biodiversity change. We posit that effective approaches to conservation must (a) foster both ecosystem resilience and human wellbeing, (b) integrate ecological and social processes across scales, and (c) take actions that shape the future rather than seeking only to restore the past. To this end, we identify progress through actions that have been or could be taken at local, national, and international scales to promote arctic resilience and conservation. A stewardship approach to conservation aims to prevent undesirable changes and prepares for adaptation to rapid and uncertain changes that cannot be avoided and for transformation to avoid or escape undesirable states. The greatest opportunity for arctic stewardship at the local scale may lie in building upon culturally engrained (often indigenous) respect for nature and reliance on local environment, empowering it through knowledge and power sharing with national regulatory frameworks. This, in turn, allows connection of drivers with impacts across scales and raises awareness of the value of human–environment relationships. At national and international scales stewardship provides rules for coordinated action to reconcile local and regional conservation actions with those that are motivated by constraints at the global level, to foster ecosystem integrity and human wellbeing in the face of transformative changes in environment, landscapes, species, and society.

tion aims to preserve species and ecosystem services. If rare species contribute little to ecosystem services, yet are those most in need of preservation, tradeoffs may exist for these contrasting objectives. However, little attention has focused on identifying how, when, and where rare species contribute to ecosystem services and at what scales. Here, we review distinct ways that ecosystem services can positively depend on the presence, abundance, disproportionate contribution or, counterintuitively, the scarcity of rare species. By contrast, ecosystem services are less likely to depend on rare species that do not have a unique role in any service or become abundant enough to contribute substantially. We propose a research agenda to identify when rare species may contribute significantly to services.

We have no information on the risk of extinction of 21% of reptiles listed as Data Deficient on the Sampled Red List Index (SRLI), an indicator developed to track global change in species status. Data Deficient species are of high research priority, because they contribute to uncertainty in estimates of extinction risk and are neglected by conservation programmes. We review the causes of data deficiency in reptiles; the likely status of Data Deficient reptiles; and possible solutions for their re-assessment. We find that 52% of Data Deficient reptiles lack information on population status and trends, and that few species are only known from type specimens and old records. We build a random forest model for SRLI species of known extinction risk, based on life-history, environmental and threat information. The final model shows perfect classification accuracy (100%) in ten-fold cross validation. We use the model to predict that 56 of 292 Data Deficient reptiles (19%) are at risk of extinction, so the overall proportion of threatened reptiles in the SRLI (19%) remains unchanged. Regions predicted to contain large numbers of threatened Data Deficient reptiles overlap with known centres of threatened species richness. However, the model shows lower accuracy (79%) on 29 species recently re-assessed in the Global Reptile Assessment. Predictive models could be used to prioritize Data Deficient species and reptiles not included in the SRLI, and new reptile assessments could be used to improve model predictions through adaptive learning.

Landscape simulation models are widely used to study the behavior of ecological systems. As computing power has increased, these models have become more complex and incorporated more realistic spatial representations of landscape patterns and ecological processes. The goal of this research was to examine the sensitivity of simulated landscape patterns to fundamental spatial modeling assumptions. The LANDIS simulator was parameterized for forests of the Georgia Piedmont and used to model landscape-scale community dynamics at fire return intervals from 20 to 100 years. A base scenario incorporating localized seed dispersal along with landform-related variation in species establishment rates and disturbance regimes was contrasted with three alternative scenarios. The uniform habitat scenario applied the same set of species establishment coefficients across all landforms. The uniform dispersal scenario removed the effects of seed source abundance and pattern on species establishment. The uniform disturbance scenario assumed identical disturbance regimes on all landforms.At the shortest fire return intervals, fire severities were low and the stand age distribution was dominated by older forests. At longer fire return intervals, fire severities were high and the stand age distribution was skewed toward younger forests. Species composition generally followed a gradient from fire-resistant species at short fire return intervals to fire-sensitive species at longer fire return intervals. However, some species exhibited bimodal distributions with high abundances at both short and long fire return intervals. Landscape responses to fire were similar in the uniform habitat scenario and the base scenario. Communities were less sensitive to fire return interval and had more fire-sensitive species in the uniform dispersal scenario than in the base scenario. Species composition in the uniform disturbance scenario was similar to the base scenario for the longest fire-intervals, but was more sensitive to changes in the fire regime at shorter fire return intervals. In models of Piedmont forest landscapes, accurate spatial representations of dispersal and fire regime heterogeneity are essential for predicting landscape-scale species composition under changing fire regimes. In contrast, the precise spatial representation of species–habitat relationships may be considerably less important.

Bamboos’ vegetative growth are frequently associated to negative effects on tree recruitment and survival and despite this process, the effects of bamboo dieback after flowering events are poorly understood due the rarity of these events. 2 years after the massive flowering of the woody bamboo Merostachys multiramea in a southern South America subtropical forest, we compared changes in environmental conditions; tree species regeneration and production of new culms in canopy gaps resulted from bamboo dieback and areas of continuous canopy allowed by sparse bamboo cover. We observed sharp differences in environment conditions mainly resulted from differences in canopy openness and a NPMANOVA revealed differences among the stands regeneration directions (species composition and density). Average density, number of culms per sapling and total height of M. multiramea did not differ between stands, although slight differences were detected with increasing values toward opened sites.Canopy gaps resulted from bamboo dieback showed higher species richness and diversity when compared to closed canopy without bamboo. After 2 years, the massive bamboo flowering and dieback resulted differences in several environmental conditions, leading to distinct regeneration directions with higher diversity toward opened areas.

While maximizing plant species richness continues to be central in the design, conservation and reforestation action plans, plant life histories are receiving increasing attention in assessments for the conservation of biodiversity in fragmented landscapes. We investigated the determinants of woody plant species (trees, shrubs and climbers) richness in the forest patches of the Guadalquivir river valley, a Mediterranean agricultural landscape with ∼1% forest cover. We analyzed three species richness variables, total, and those corresponding to species with short-distance (ballistic, barochorous, myrmecochorous and short-distance anemochorous) and long-distance (anemochorous, endozochorous, exozoochorous, hydrochorous and dyszoochorous) dispersal systems, which significantly characterize earlier and late successional stages, respectively. We selected eleven predictor variables related to habitat structure (patch area, shape, distances to the nearest patch and reserve, and general isolation), physical environment (temperature, precipitation, elevation, and lithological heterogeneity), and anthropogenic influences (disturbance and proportion of old-growth forest). We used ordinary-least-squares multiple regression (OLS) and the Akaike's information criterion (corrected for spatial autocorrelation) and derived indices to generate parsimonious models including multiple predictors. These analyses indicated that plant species richness increase primarily along with increasing patch area and decreasing disturbance, but also detected secondary effects of other factors when dispersal was considered. While the number of species with potential long-distance dispersal tended to increase in more isolated patches of areas with greater precipitation and lithological heterogeneity (e.g. highlands at the valley edges), the number of species with short-distance dispersal increased towards drier and less lithologically complex zones with shorter between-patch distances (e.g. central lowlands). Beyond emphasizing the need to consider dispersal in fragmentation studies, our results show that woody plant species richness would be favoured by actions that increase patch area and reduce anthropogenic disturbances particularly in lowland forests.

The history of goal setting in marsh and mangrove restoration projects is outlined and suggested to have included three phases. The first was the initial experimental phase where ‘persistent vegetative cover’ was the primary goal. Following the routine achievement of that criterion, coastal restoration entered a new phase where wetland compensatory mitigation became the primary driving force and ‘functional equivalency’ was considered the ultimate goal. We have now entered the third phase where ‘ecological restoration’ and ‘ecosystem restoration’ are the buzzwords. Using case studies in southern Florida, it is suggested that the political will is not there to properly fund effective wetland compensatory mitigation programs and thus the success of these is marginal and cannot be expected to improve. Wetland regulatory programs are still needed, but the future of coastal wetland management is more likely to be successful with an emphasis on conservation and restoration programs with mitigation/compensation being only one small part of the entire program. Ecologically based goal setting will be an important future element of successful non-regulatory wetland management programs.

Market-based approaches to biodiversity conservation gained popularity in the 1990s. The success of these strategies hinges on, first, the successful creation or expansion of target markets and, second, the beneficial involvement of local stakeholders in these markets so that improved incentives induce conservation. This paper evaluates these two key elements in the case of argan oil commercialization in southwestern Morocco. The principal finding is that even when locals appear well-positioned to reap ex post benefits, one can reject the hypothesis that successful resource commercialization necessarily stimulates local development and reduces poverty. Most locals participate only superficially in the new and expanded markets for argan oil, and the benefits that do trickle down to local households appear to be regressively distributed, both regionally and between households. The key lies in understanding how opening or expanding markets may induce endogenous product differentiation that easily excludes locals, especially the poor, and how ex ante market access—a variable commonly correlated with wealth—conditions households’ capacity to participate in market-induced producer windfalls.

Biodiversity loss, climate change, and increased freshwater consumption are some of the main environmental problems on Earth. Mountain ecosystems can reduce these threats by providing several positive influences, such as the maintenance of biodiversity, water regulation, and carbon storage, amongst others. The knowledge of the history of these environments and their response to climate change is very important for management, conservation, and environmental monitoring programs. The genesis of the soil organic matter of the current upper montane vegetation remains unclear and seems to be quite variable depending on location. Some upper montane sites in the very extensive coastal Sea Mountain Range present considerable organic matter from the late Pleistocene and other from only the Holocene. Our study was carried out on three soil profiles (two cores in grassland and one in forest) on the Caratuva Peak of the Serra do Ibitiraquire (a sub-range of Sea Mountain Range – Serra do Mar) in Southern Brazil. The δ13C isotopic analyses of organic matter in soil horizons were conducted to detect whether C3 or C4 plants dominated the past communities. Complementarily, we performed a pollen analysis and 14C dating of the humin fraction to obtain the age of the studied horizons. Except for a short and probably drier period (between 6000 and 4500 cal yr BP), C3 plants, including ombrophilous grasses and trees, have dominated the highlands of the Caratuva Peak (Pico Caratuva), as well as the other uppermost summits of the Serra do Ibitiraquire, since around 9000 cal yr BP. The Caratuva region represents a landscape of high altitude grasslands (campos de altitude altomontanos or campos altomontanos) and upper montane rain/cloud forests with soils that most likely contain some organic matter from the late Pleistocene, as has been reported in Southern and Southeastern Brazil for other sites. However, our results indicate that the studied deposits (near the summit) are from the early to late Holocene, when somewhat wetter and warmer conditions (since around 9000 cal yr BP) enabled a stronger colonization of the ridge of Pico Caratuva by mainly C3 plants, especially grassland species. However, at the same time, even near the summit, the soil core from the forest site already presented the current physiognomy (or a shrubby/elfin or successional forest), indicating that the colonization of the neighboring uppermost saddles and valleys were probably populated mainly by upper montane forest species.

Endangered species live inside the world's most densely populated cities. In the United States, the Fish and Wildlife Service is responsible for the protection and recovery of endangered species – wherever those species are found. Unfortunately, very little is known about urban endangered species policy or programs. This paper presents a comparative analysis of the five largest cities in the United States and examines issue of governance around conservation. Cities have a responsibility to steward the environment, but through the 1973 Endangered Species Act, the Fish and Wildlife Service has a legal mandate to protect endangered species throughout the country. Thus, this paper asks: What is the USFWS doing inside cities to recover endangered species? What are cities doing? Conservation is a shared duty but it is not clear that anyone is taking responsibility for urban endangered species.

South America’s tropical dry forests and savannas are under increasing pressure from agricultural expansion. Cattle ranching and soybean production both drive these forest losses, but their relative importance remains unclear. Also unclear is how soybean expansion elsewhere affects deforestation via pushing cattle ranching to deforestation frontiers. To assess these questions, we focused on the Chaco, a 110 million ha ecoregion extending into Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay, with about 8 million ha of deforestation in 2000–2012. We used panel regressions at the district level to quantify the role of soybean expansion in driving these forest losses using a wide range of environmental and socio-economic control variables. Our models suggest that soybean production was a direct driver of deforestation in the Argentine Chaco only (0.08 ha new soybean area per ha forest lost), whereas cattle ranching was significantly associated with deforestation in all three countries (0.02 additional cattle per hectare forest loss). However, our models also suggested Argentine soybean cultivation may indirectly be linked to deforestation in the Bolivian and Paraguayan Chaco. We furthermore found substantial time-delayed effects in the relationship of soybean expansion in Argentina and Paraguay (i.e., soybean expansion in one year resulted in deforestation several years later) and deforestation in the Chaco, further suggesting that possible displacement effects within and between Chaco countries may at least partly drive forest loss. Altogether, our study showed that deforestation in the Chaco appears to be mainly driven by the globally surging demand for soybean, although regionally other proximate drivers are sometimes important. Steering agricultural production in the Chaco and other tropical dry forests onto sustainable pathways will thus require policies that consider these scale effects and that account for the regional variation in deforestation drivers within and across countries.

The paucity of modern pollen-rain data from Amazonia constitutes a significant barrier to understanding the Late Quaternary vegetation history of this globally important tropical forest region. Here, we present the first modern pollen-rain data for tall terra firme moist evergreen Amazon forest, collected between 1999 and 2001 from artificial pollen traps within a 500 × 20 m permanent study plot (14°34′50″S, 60°49′48″W) in Noel Kempff Mercado National Park (NE Bolivia). Spearman's rank correlations were performed to assess the extent of spatial and inter-annual variability in the pollen rain, whilst statistically distinctive taxa were identified using Principal Components Analysis (PCA). Comparisons with the floristic and basal area data of the plot (stems ≥10 cm d.b.h.) enabled the degree to which taxa are over/under-represented in the pollen rain to be assessed (using R-rel values). Moraceae/Urticaceae dominates the pollen rain (64% median abundance) and is also an important constituent of the vegetation, accounting for 16% of stems ≥10 cm d.b.h. and ca. 11% of the total basal area. Other important pollen taxa are Arecaceae (cf. Euterpe), Melastomataceae/Combretaceae, Cecropia, Didymopanax, Celtis, and Alchornea. However, 75% of stems and 67% of the total basal area of the plot ≥10 cm d.b.h. belong to species which are unidentified in the pollen rain, the most important of which are Phenakospermum guianensis (a banana-like herb) and the key canopy-emergent trees, Erisma uncinatum and Qualea paraensis.

The Alagoas Curassow (Pauxi mitu) became extinct in the wild in the 1980's through a combination of loss/degradation of its Atlantic Forest habitat and over-hunting. Ambitious plans are now underway to reintroduce captive-reared Curassows using a patchwork of protected forest fragments on private lands. Although the planned reintroduction sites are broadly ecologically suitable, it is not clear that the threats from hunting and habitat disturbance have been removed. In other words, the cultural (as opposed to biological) suitability and viability of these sites is unknown. We used a semi-structured social survey of 402 residents who live near three proposed reintroduction sites to evaluate the cultural suitability of the reintroduction. Specifically, we adopted a multimodel inference approach to identify socio-demographic characteristics (e.g., age, gender, education level, duration of residence), knowledge (e.g., of local biodiversity and hunting practices) and behaviors (e.g., bushmeat consumption and firewood collection) that influence support for the reintroduction. Respondents were generally positive to bringing the Curassow back, though our data indicates that hunting is still a major part of the local culture. Support for the reintroduction was most strongly associated with older and, especially, better educated residents. Residents from different reintroduction sites also differed in their professed levels of support. Our results highlight the importance of focused environmental educational programmes to improve the cultural feasibility of this flagship reintroduction for Northeast Brazil.

Habitat loss and degradation is the most pervasive threat to tropical biodiversity worldwide. Amazonia sits at the frontline of efforts to both improve the productivity of tropical agriculture and prevent the loss of biodiversity. To date our understanding of the biodiversity impacts of agricultural expansion in Amazonia is restricted to findings from small scale studies that typically assess the importance of a limited number of land-use types. Here we investigate local and landscape-scale responses of Amazonian avian assemblages to land-cover changes across a gradient of land-use intensity ranging from undisturbed primary forest to mechanised agriculture in 36 drainage catchments distributed across two large regions of the eastern Brazilian Amazon. We found that species richness of forest-associated birds declined progressively along this gradient, accompanied by marked shifts in assemblage composition. We found significant changes in species composition, but not richness, between primary forests that had been subject to different levels of disturbance from logging and fire. Secondary forests retained levels of species richness intermediate between primary forests and production areas, but lacked many forest-dependent species. Production areas (arable crops, cattle pastures and plantation forests) all retained far fewer species than any forest habitat, and were largely dominated by taxa commonly associated with open areas. Diversity partitioning revealed that species composition varied the most among undisturbed forest transects, and steadily decreased with increasing forest degradation and land-use intensity. Our results emphasise the importance of protecting both remaining areas of primary forest in private lands, as well as protecting the same forests from further disturbance events.

Geoconservation in the marine environment has been largely overlooked, despite a wealth of accumulated information on marine geology and geomorphology and clear links between many terrestrial and marine features. As part of the wider characterisation of Scotland’s seas, this study developed criteria and a methodology that follow the established principles of the terrestrial, Great Britain-wide geoconservation audit, the Geological Conservation Review, to assess geodiversity key areas on the seabed. Using an expert judgement approach, eight geodiversity feature categories were identified to represent the geological and geomorphological processes that have influenced the evolution and present-day morphology of the Scottish seabed: Quaternary of Scotland; Submarine Mass Movement; Marine Geomorphology of the Scottish Deep-Ocean Seabed; Seabed Fluid and Gas Seep; Cenozoic Structures of the Atlantic Margin; Marine Geomorphology of the Scottish Shelf Seabed; Coastal Geomorphology of Scotland; and Biogenic Structures of the Scottish Seabed. Within these categories, 35 key areas were prioritised for their scientific value. Specific interests range from large-scale landforms (e.g. submarine landslides, sea-mounts and trenches) to fine-scale dynamic features (e.g. sand waves). Although these geodiversity interests provided supporting evidence for the identification and selection of a suite of Nature Conservation Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) containing important marine natural features, they are only partially represented in these MPAs and existing protected areas. Nevertheless, a pragmatic approach is emerging to integrate as far as possible the conservation management of marine geodiversity with that of biodiversity and based on evidence of the sensitivity and vulnerability of geological and geomorphological features on the seabed.

Dendrocincla woodcreepers are ant-following birds widespread throughout tropical America. Species in the genus are widely distributed and show little phenotypic variation. Notwithstanding, several subspecies have been described, but the validity of some of these taxa and the boundaries among them have been discussed for decades. Recent genetic evidence based on limited sampling has pointed to the paraphyly of D. fuliginosa, showing that its subspecies constitute a complex that also includes D. anabatina and D. turdina. In this study we sequenced nuclear and mitochondrial markers for over two hundred individuals belonging to the D. fuliginosa complex to recover phylogenetic relationships, describe intraspecific genetic diversity and provide historical biogeographic scenarios of diversification. Our results corroborate the paraphyly of D. fuliginosa, with D. turdina and D. anabatina nested within its recognized subspecies. Recovered genetic lineages roughly match the distributions of described subspecies and congruence among phylogenetic structure, phenotypic diagnosis and distribution limits were used to discuss current systematics and taxonomy within the complex, with special attention to Northern South America. Our data suggest the origin of the complex in western Amazonia, associated with the establishment of upland forests in the area during the early Pliocene. Paleoclimatic cycles and river rearrangements during the Pleistocene could have, at different times, both facilitated dispersal across large Amazonian rivers and the Andes and isolated populations, likely playing an important role in differentiation of extant species. Previously described hybridization in the headwaters of the Tapajós river represents a secondary contact of non-sister lineages that cannot be used to test the role of the river as primary source of diversification. Based on comparisons of D. fuliginosa with closely related understory upland forest taxa, we suggest that differential habitat use could influence diversification processes in a historically changing landscape, and should be considered for proposing general mechanisms of diversification.

Coati effectiveness as seed dispersers and their potential in maintaining this service through an annual cycle were evaluated during 33 months in an Atlantic forest fragment in southeastern Brazil. We determined the range of fruit and seed traits consumed by coatis, the phenology of fruit consumption, the patterns of fruit consumption and seed defecation, and the effects of ingestion in the speed and success of seed germination. In addition, we assessed redundancy among the seed dispersal services provided by coatis and other resident frugivores. Coatis consumed fruits of 53 species and dispersed seeds of at least 49 out of these species. Most consumed plant species were pioneer (59%), had fruits >15 mm diameter (58%), and were yellow or green (54%). Seeds were found in 54.5% out of 288 faecal samples. The number of seeds in faeces correlated negatively to seed mass and ranged from 1 to 1209 seeds; 50% of the faeces had <50 seeds. Passage through coatis gut did not alter speed or success of seed germination of tested species, except for Myrcia guajavaefolia, whose germination success was increased approximately 50% after pulp removal by coatis. Considering fruit colour and seed size, redundancy of seed dispersal services between coatis and other frugivores ranged from 39 to 70%. In defaunated fragments, coatis may provide a ‘key role’ in maintaining seed dispersal services for a large variety of species and they may promote gene flow among forest patches and the regeneration of disturbed sites.

Japan has long been infamous for what political scientist Dauvergne (1997) has called its “shadow ecologies,” the effects of its natural resource consumption on environments beyond its borders. What has drawn little attention, however, are the ways in which resource exploitation abroad also affects the ecologies that lie within the borders of Japan. This paper explores these secondary effects – what one might call the “shadow” of Dauvergne’s “shadow ecologies” – through ethnographic and historical research on the Chile–Japan salmon trade. This commodity chain exports the environmental burdens of salmon farming, such as water pollution, to southern Chile. Yet, at the same time, this trade has enabled unexpected changes in Japanese salmon worlds, including new forms of “eco-friendly” fisheries management, citizen-based conservation projects, and indigenous rights movements.Examining the linkages between environmental decline in Chile and environmental restoration in Japan, this article asks how geographically distant ecologies and species become intimately connected through political economic processes. By focusing on multispecies landscapes, rather than commodities, per se, it argues for additional attention to how the environments of “core” regions are affected by transnational trade. As it does so, it highlights a need to attend more carefully to the countryside–countryside connections that existing work on city–hinterland relations tends to miss.

The lichen woodland (LW) is an open-crown subarctic forest distributed principally in North America where it extends from Newfoundland in Atlantic Canada to the Yukon and Alaska. It is the main tree ecosystem of the LW zone north of the closed-crown boreal forest zone, and south of the forest-tundra zone where its cover diminishes progressively toward the Arctic tree line. Growth and development of LWs are closely dependent on dry-mesic, nutrient-poor podzolic soil environments largely distributed on the Canadian Precambrian Shield. The sun-exposed open structure and dominance of lichen species on the dry-mesic soils of LWs determine many of their functions. A diversified cryptogamic flora is thriving in LWs due to reduced competition from vascular plants unable to grow and survive on dry, nutrient-poor soils. Because of the reduced greenhouse effect caused by the open structure and dominance of pale-color lichen mats inducing a greater albedo, LWs exerts a negative microclimatic impact on the environment culminating in the reduction of the frost-free growth season and increase and intensity of frost events. A suite of common, often recurrent, sometime compounding, fine- and large-scale disturbances (including climate change) activates the successional dynamics of LWs and also their historical and present expansion and contraction across the boreal biome. Post-disturbance chronosequences induced by fire, wind and caribou trampling and grazing are producing similar seral communities converging toward the self-maintenance of the LW ecosystem. Long-term succession in southernmost LW sites possibly converges toward the closing of tree canopy and recovery of closed-crown conifer forests (CCCF) in absence of fire. The creation of LW occurred repeatedly during the late Holocene, as well as its extirpation from the northernmost sites (forest-tundra zone) with wildfire as the principal triggering mechanism. LWs are presently unable to transgress the tree line, except for minor advances in small confined sites. Current evidence of the dual distribution of LWs and CCCF in eastern Canada shows that the LW zone is expanding southward into the CCCF zone, where compound disturbances associated with epidemics followed by small to extensive fires are transforming dense forest stands to LWs, a process most likely independent of climate. In terms of ecosystem management, there are concerns about the maintenance of the southernmost LWs within the CCCF zone as poor carbon sinks. Projects involving LW plantation sites in the CCCF zone in eastern Canada are proposed to offset the increased emission of atmospheric gases and thus mitigate climate change.

Cryptanthus comprises 72 species endemic to eastern Brazil with a center of diversity in the Atlantic Forest. The majority of the species are threatened due to habitat loss. We reconstructed phylogenetic relationships in Cryptanthus based on amplified fragment length polymorphisms (AFLP) including 48 species and 109 accessions. The Bayesian phylogenetic analysis revealed four major lineages in Cryptanthus and provided further evidence for the paraphyly of subgen. Hoplocryptanthus, while subgenus Cryptanthus was resolved as monophyletic. Monophyly of previously recognized morphological species groups at sectional level could not be confirmed. Based on the phylogenetic reconstruction we inferred the evolution of the sex system in Cryptanthus via maximum likelihood (ML) ancestral character reconstruction. Homoecy, the possession of hermaphrodite flowers only, was reconstructed as the ancestral state in the genus and characterizes three of the four main lineages within Cryptanthus. Andromonoecy, the possession of male and hermaphrodite flowers on the same plant, evolved only once and represents a synapomorphy of the fourth main lineage, C. subgen. Cryptanthus. The ancestral biome analysis reconstructed Cerrado (semiarid scrublands and forests) and campos rupestres (rock fields) as the most likely ancestral biomes for the genus. A shift to the Atlantic Forest biome was reconstructed to have occurred twice, in the ancestor of the first diverging lineage within the genus and in the ancestor of the C. subgen. Cryptanthus clade. A shift to the Caatinga (tropical dryland savanna) and one reversal to Cerrado (campos rupestres - rock fields) was reconstructed to have occurred once, in C. bahianus and C. arelii, respectively. The ancestral biome reconstruction indicates a high degree of niche conservatism within Cryptanthus with rare biome shifts throughout the evolution of the genus. Further, our results imply that the current infrageneric taxonomy of Cryptanthus is problematic and requires revision.

Due to deforestation, intact tropical forest areas are increasingly transformed into a mixture of remaining forest patches and human modified areas. These forest fragments suffer from edge effects, which cause changes in ecological and ecosystem processes, undermining habitat quality and the offer of ecosystem services. Even though detailed and long term studies were developed on the topic of edge effects at local scale, understanding edge effect characteristics in fragmented forests on larger scales and finding indicators for its impact is crucial for predicting habitat loss and developing management options. Here we evaluate the spatial and temporal dimensions of edge effects in large areas using remote sensing. First we executed a neighborhood pixel analysis in 11 LANDSAT Tree Cover (LTC) scenes (180 × 185 km each, 8 in the tropics and 3 in temperate forested areas) using tree cover as an indicator of habitat quality and in relation to edge distance. Second, we executed a temporal analysis of LTC in a smaller area in the Brazilian Amazon forest where one larger forest fragment (25,890 ha) became completely fragmented in 5 years. Our results show that for all 11 scenes pixel neighborhood variation of LTC is much higher in the vicinity of forest edges, becoming lower towards the forest interior. This analysis suggests a maximum distance for edge effects and can indicate the location of unaffected core areas. However, LTC patterns in relation to fragment edge distance vary according to the analyzed region, and maximum edge distance may differ according to local conditions. Our temporal analysis illustrates the change in tree cover patterns after 5 years of fragmentation, becoming on average lower close to the edge (between 50 and 100 m). Although it is still unclear which are the main causes of LTC edge variability within and between regions, LANDSAT Tree Cover could be used as an accessible and efficient discriminator of edge and interior forest habitats in fragmented landscapes, and become invaluable for deriving qualitative spatial and temporal information of ecological and ecosystem processes.

The Amazon Basin experienced a pervasive process of resource overexploitation during the 20th-century, which induced severe population declines of many iconic vertebrate species. In addition to biodiversity loss and the ecological consequences of defaunation, food security of local communities was relentlessly threatened because wild meat had a historically pivotal role in protein acquisition by local dwellers. Here we discuss the urgent need to regulate subsistence hunting by Amazonian semi-subsistence local communities, which are far removed from the market and information economy. Following positive examples from community-based management of aquatic and terrestrial resources, we advocate that hunting practices, based on modern scientific principles firmly grounded in population ecology, represent a strong window of opportunity to recover viable populations of previously overexploited wildlife.

Mangrove rivulus (Kryptolebias marmoratus) is one of the few species of fish that is semi-terrestrial and able to use exposed intertidal and potentially supratidal habitats for prolonged periods of time. Based on previous work demonstrating frequent use of subterranean crab burrows as well as damp leaf litter and logs, we examined the microhabitat associations of rivulus in a mosquito-ditched mangrove forest on the Gulf coast of Florida near the northern limit of its distribution. We captured 161 rivulus on 20 dates between late April and mid-December 2007 using trench traps. Fish ranged in size from 7 to 35 mm SL. Peak abundance in mid-summer coincided with recruitment of a new year-class. The three study sites occurred within 0.5 km of one another, and experienced similar water temperatures and salinities. Nevertheless, they differed in their degree of tidal inundation, standing stock of leaf litter, and density of entrances to fiddler crab burrows. We consistently observed the highest mean catches of rivulus away from permanent subtidal waters of mosquito ditches, at intermediate relative elevations, and where leaf litter was locally abundant. Density of entrances to crab burrows was apparently unrelated to rivulus distribution or abundance in these forests.

The marmosets and tamarins, Family Callitrichidae, are Neotropical primates with over 60 species and subspecies that inhabit much of South America. Although callitrichids exhibit a remarkable widespread distribution, attempts to unravel their biogeographic history have been limited by taxonomic confusion and the lack of an appropriate statistical biogeographic framework. Here, we construct a time-calibrated multi-locus phylogeny from GenBank data and the callitrichid literature for 38 taxa. We use this framework to conduct statistical biogeographic analyses of callitrichids using BioGeoBEARS. The DIVAj model is the best supported reconstruction of biogeographic history among our analyses and suggests that the most recent common ancestor to the callitrichids was widespread across forested regions c. 14 Ma. There is also support for multiple colonizations of the Atlantic forest region from the Amazon basin, first by Leontopithecus c. 11 Ma and later by Callithrix c. 5 Ma. Our results show support for a 9 million year old split between a small-bodied group and large-bodied group of tamarins. These phylogenetic data, in concert with the consistent difference in body size between the two groups and geographical patterns (small-bodied tamarins and large-bodied tamarins have an unusually high degree of geographic overlap for congeners) lend support to our suggestion to split Saguinus into two genera, and we propose the use of distinct generic names; Leontocebus and Saguinus, respectively.

The purpose of this paper was to analyze the evolution and regional distribution of both forest fire ignitions and burnt areas in mainland Portugal and to identify the relationship between biophysical and human variables and the incidence of forest fires at the district level over the last 3 decades (1980–2009). A positive trend can be observed in the number of fires and in the areas burnt by forest fires since 1980. An interesting regional distribution of forest fire ignitions and burned areas was detected, highlighting some districts especially vulnerable to the outbreak of fires and others particularly susceptible to the spread of fire. A stepwise multiple regression methodology was applied to determine the relative importance of each variable in explaining the regional distribution of ignitions and burned area fractions and to address hypotheses regarding human and biophysical influences on the drivers of forest fires.Population density was the primary determining variable in the outbreak of fires at the district level (this factor alone explained 65% of the inter-district variation in the density of fire ignitions), whereas burn areas were influenced by the synergistic effects of topography, changes in land use, and vegetation.The topographic roughness index emerged as the most important variable causing the regional variations observed in the percentage of the district area burnt over the last 30 years, explaining 70% of the observed variance. Variables associated with changes in land use and cover during the second half of the last century explained an additional 17% of the variance. Multiple regression analysis also suggested a positive relationship between the total area burnt and the total uncultivated area, explaining 57% of the variance at the district level. In general, the greatest pressures from fire occur in the districts north of the Tejo River, which are more mountainous, have lower annual temperatures and more rainfall, and produce the most biomass under pressure from agriculture and grazing. In these districts, the decline of traditional agriculture has resulted in important transformations to the landscape characterized by the spread of natural vegetation.

We studied terrestrial amphibian and small mammal assemblages with drift fences and pitfall traps in five forested stands during 1987–1988 on Shenandoah Mountain in the George Washington National Forest, Virginia, USA. Eleven species of salamanders, five frogs, five shrews, and seven rodents were monitored. Amphibians were significantly more abundant in forest stands consisting of mature hardwoods than in a recent clearcut and a white pine plantation. Although there was considerable variation in abundance among species in the five stands, small mammal abundance was high in all five habitats studied. Amphibian species diversity (Shannon Index) was less than half that for small mammals because red-backed salamanders (Plethodon cinereus) were dominant in most assemblages. Amphibian and small mammal diversity and total species richness were not related to estimated stand age, total number of canopy trees, tree diversity, or frequency of underground rocks. Maintenance of amphibian biodiversity requires the combination of mature hardwoods and wetland habitats (e.g. wildlife ponds and seepages). Most of the small mammals encountered were habitat generalists. Management focus on mature hardwood forests would maintain populations of small mammals requiring cool, moist situations in upper-elevation habitats in the central Appalachian Mountains.

Oak (Quercus spp.) and hickory (Carya spp.) forests in the eastern United States provide a host of ecosystem services as their mast are prized by wildlife, the timber is a valued commodity, and they are generally more tolerant of extreme weather events under a changing climate. They are, however, undergoing a severe decline in prominence throughout the region, yielding to more mesic and shade-tolerant species, largely red maple (Acer rubrum). Two decades of research in Ohio have shown that silviculture and/or natural disturbances that reduce understory shade during seedling establishment and early growth, followed by canopy opening and competition management through prescribed fire and partial cutting, can encourage oak and hickory regeneration, most successfully on drier ridges and south- and southwest-facing slopes. We employed an ecological classification and mapping approach to prioritize areas across a 17-county region (∼22,000 km2) that may be more receptive, and thus more cost effective, to successful oak regeneration following silvicultural treatment. The ecomapping effort was comprised of two parts; a GIS model of the terrain, and a stand inventory of current vegetation condition coupled with the SILVAH decision-support system to recommend needed silvicultural treatments. The GIS model is based primarily on topography as vegetation patterns in the project area are largely driven by landscape position and soil moisture regimes. It uses transformed aspect, slope angle, topographic position index, and slope position as inputs to define six classes of landtype phases: ridge, southwest upper slopes, southwest lower slopes, northeast upper slopes, northeast lower slopes, and bottomland. The first three and following two classes, respectively, were hierarchically nested to form Dry Oak Forest and Dry-mesic Mixed Oak Hardwood Forest classes at the landtype level. Dry Oak Forests require the least silvicultural intervention to sustain or restore oak, while the other two landtypes normally require serious intervention to sustain oak into the future. To determine whether sufficient stocking is present for adequate regeneration, we use forest inventory data to represent current vegetation conditions including both overstory and understory stocking. Overall, these tools allow managers to identify ‘zones of investment’, i.e., those stands with the bulk of the area in the Dry Oak Forest landtype and with some level of advance oak regeneration, which will have a greater likelihood of growing into oak-dominated stands with minimal investment of scarce funding resources.

Population trends play a large role in species risk assessments and conservation planning, and species are often considered threatened if their recent rate of decline meets certain thresholds, regardless how large the population is. But how reliable an indicator of extinction risk is a single estimate of population trend? Given the integral role this decline-based approach has played in setting conservation priorities, it is surprising that it has undergone little empirical scrutiny. We compile an extensive global dataset of time series of abundance data for over 1300 vertebrate populations to provide the first major test of the predictability of population growth rates in nature. We divided each time series into assessment and response periods and examined the correlation between growth rates in the two time periods. In birds, population declines tended to be followed by further declines, but mammals, salmon, and other bony fishes showed the opposite pattern: past declines were associated with subsequent population increases, and vice versa. Furthermore, in these taxa subsequent growth rates were higher when initial declines were more severe. These patterns agreed with data simulated under a null model for a dynamically stable population experiencing density dependence. However, this type of result could also occur if conservation actions positively affected the population following initial declines—a scenario that our data were too limited to rigorously evaluate. This ambiguity emphasizes the importance of understanding the underlying causes of population trajectories in drawing inferences about rates of decline in abundance.

The present study reports for the first time on lead concentrations measured in oceanic surface waters from a large geographical area in temporal resolution covering two transects through the Atlantic Ocean from 32°S to 46°N. In 1989, lead concentrations in South and Central Atlantic surface waters were relatively constant at values of 36 pmol kg−1. From 22°N on, lead concentrations then continuously increase northward up to 147 pmol kg−1. The comparison with measurements from 1981 demonstrates that lead concentrations in northeast Atlantic surface waters have halved between 1981 and 1989 reflecting the decrease of lead input from the atmosphere. A similar trend can be demonstrated for the consumption of alkyl leaded gasoline in the United States of America. Lead from this source is transported by the dominant westerly winds into the northwestern North Atlantic also influencing the northeastern parts.

The establishment of tree plantations on degraded lands can facilitate the regeneration of native species that could not otherwise grow in open micro sites or in competition by herbaceous species. The present research investigated tree regeneration under mixed and pure plantations of native species at La Selva Biological Station in the Atlantic humid lowlands of Costa Rica. The highest abundance of regenerating tree individuals was found in the understory of the mixed plantation (composed of Hieronyma alchorneoides+Vochysiaferruginea+Baliziaelegans+Genipa americana) with 10,156 individuals/ha, followed by pure plantation of H. alchorneoides with 7891, V. ferruginea with 5703, B. elegans with 4219, G. americana with 1484, and the natural regeneration control with 703 individuals/ha. The highest mean number of species was found in the understory of the mixed plantation (11 species in 32 m2), followed by pure plantation of V. ferruginea (8.0), H. alchorneoides (7.0), B. elegans (5.0), G. americana (3.0) and control (1.0).Melastomataceae was the most abundant family in the understory of the mixed plantation and in the pure plantation of V. ferruginea, while Rubiaceae was the most abundant under H. alchorneoides. In constrast, Piperaceae was the most abundant family under pure plantations of G. americana and B. elegans. In addition, species of primary forest of the region were found in the understory of the mixed plantation and under the pure plantations of H. alchorneoides and V. ferruginea. These are promising indicators for the use of these plantations as accelerators of natural forest succession in the region. Very few woody species were found in the control, natural regeneration plots. Factors that may impede the establishment of woody species in the control may be the lack of perches for seed dipersers and invasion by herbaceous vegetation which outcompetes the tree seedlings in their growth.

In this article, a method for the storm transposition of tropical cyclones is presented. This method is physically based as it uses a regional atmospheric model to reconstruct the precipitation depth field from a tropical cyclone, thus crucially conserving the mass, momentum and energy in the system. In this physically based storm transposition method, the tropical cyclone vortex in the simulation initial conditions is first shifted spatially. More precisely, the tropical cyclone at the simulation start date is first separated from its background environment, then shifted, and finally recombined with the background environment. Afterwards, the regional atmospheric model is run as usual to simulate the shifted tropical cyclone and its precipitation depth field. The storm transposition method was then applied to four hurricanes which spawned torrential precipitation in the United States: Hurricanes Floyd (1999), Frances (2004), Ivan (2004), and Isaac (2012), in order to maximize the 72-h precipitation depth over the drainage basin of the city of Asheville, NC. It was observed that the precipitation depth fields changed in both structure and intensity after the physically based storm transposition. Besides, the tropical cyclone tracks were generally very sensitive to changes in the initial conditions, which is expected for a storm system whose dynamics is strongly nonlinear. In particular, it was found that a small change in the location of the initial tropical cyclone vortex may result in a very different track, allowing the tropical cyclone's precipitation depth field to move over the target area.

The present study aimed to compare the plant food diet of woolly spider monkeys (Brachyteles arachnoides) inhabiting Intervales State Park in São Paulo, Brazil, with medicinal plant species used by humans in the surrounding areas of the park. The diet of a group of woolly spider monkeys living in an Atlantic forest area was recorded during 43 months of fieldwork. Fifty-three species (87 food items) were recorded. Plant specimens were collected and identified at the University of São Paulo and the Botanical Institute of São Paulo State. Using semi-structured interviews, ethnomedicinal data were also collected from four preselected respondents regarding the human therapeutic value of these plants. The study showed that 24.5% (13/53) of these species are used by residents around the park for medicinal purposes. Of these thirteen, seven species also have validated pharmacological properties, and three are utilized by local residents for similar medicinal purposes. Overlap in the plant food/medicinal diet of woolly spider monkey populations elsewhere were also noted, suggesting potential overlap in their medicinal value for humans and primates. The similarities between the ingestion of plants by primates and their medicinal use by humans provide a bio-rational for the search of bioactive plants in the primate diet. Further detailed investigation of their pharmacological and phytochemical value is warranted.

The biodiversity hotspots are 35 biogeographical regions that have both exceptional endemism and extreme threats to their vegetation integrity, and as such are global conservation priorities. Nonetheless, prior estimates of natural intact vegetation (NIV) in the hotspots are generally imprecise, indirect, coarse, and/or dated. Using moderate- and high-resolution satellite imagery as well as maps of roads, settlements, and fires, we estimate the current extent of NIV for the hotspots. Our analysis indicates that hotspots retain 14.9% of their total area as NIV (∼3,546,975 km2). Most hotspots have much less NIV than previously estimated, with half now having ⩽10% NIV by area, a threshold beneath which mean NIV patch area declines precipitously below 1000 ha. Hotspots with the greatest previous NIV estimates suffered the greatest apparent losses. The paucity of NIV is most pronounced in biomes dominated by dry forests, open woodlands, and grasslands, reflecting their historic affinities with agriculture, such that NIV tends to concentrate in select biomes. Low and declining levels of NIV in the hotspots underscore the need for an urgent focus of limited conservation resources on these biologically crucial regions.

Application of sidescan sonar at the regional scale of the Abrolhos Bank, with ground-truthing by remotely operated vehicles and mixed-gas diving operations, revealed a much more complex habitat mosaic than previously recognized. The regional benthic habitat map indicates 8844 km2 of reefs (earlier estimates from remote sensing were around 500 km2) and 20,904 km² of rhodolith habitat—the world's largest continuous bed. Integration of the regional megahabitat map with spatially explicit data on the distribution of marine protected areas (<0.2% of each benthic megahabitat area) and economic activities with the highest potential of environmental impact (fishing, mining, oil and gas exploitation and dredging) reveals the need of a regional scale spatial planning process engaging conflicting sectors.

Very large trees, arbitrarily defined as those over 70 cm diameter above buttresses, account for a major portion of the above-ground biomass in neotropical rain forests. Owing to the scarcity of individuals of a given species and the difficulty of accurate measurement, there are few species-level data on the growth, mortality, and abundance of species that regularly reach emergent status. We report such data for very large individuals from old-growth tropical wet forest at the La Selva Biological Station in the Atlantic lowlands of the Republic of Costa Rica. The landscape-scale abundance of all species reaching over 70 cm diameter was assessed using 515 0.01-ha quadrats located at grid points in a 500 ha area of old-growth forest. In the total sample of 2301 stems 10 cm or more in diameter, very large individuals accounted for 2% of the stems, 23% of the basal area, and 27% of the estimated above-ground biomass. Growth and survival for five species that regularly attain emergent status were measured in a 150 ha area within the 500 ha plot. Survival of 282 very large individuals of the five species was measured over 6 years. The mean annual mortality rate of the total sample was only 0.6% year-1. Mean annual diameter growth increments varied from 1.9 to 5.2 mm year-1 among species, and were negatively correlated with diameter in four of the five species. For a sample of 193 individuals measured over 7 years, growth almost exactly equalled losses in basal area and biomass due to mortality. Because all of these species are regularly recruiting new trees into the over 70 cm diameter class, the amount of biomass in the large-individual size class is increasing over the 150 ha old-growth study area. Historic disturbance and/or current climatic change are hypothesized to account for the increase. We identify lack of standard diameter measurement criteria, and small and potentially unrepresentative plot locations as two problems in assessing the role of very large trees in other neotropical forests. Future studies should sample larger areas; this will increase the generality of the conclusions and will make possible a species-level comparison of the ecology of very large tropical trees.

The increasing global demand for lumber and pulp has led to the conversion of natural habitats into monocultures of fast-growing tree plantations. The environmental filtering model proposes that both environmental characteristics of anthropogenic habitats and biotic interactions act as a filter that can be passed through by some species of the regional pool, driving the formation of local assemblages. Therefore, environmental filtering promotes the selective loss of species and convergence of functional traits, resulting in assemblages of species that are functionally more similar than expected by chance. In Argentina, pine monocultures have expanded in both subtropical forest and grassland biomes. Typically, environmental similarity between plantations and natural habitat decreases in the grassland and increases in the subtropical forest with increasing plantation age (time since pine stands were planted). Then, we predict that changes in biological diversity with plantation age will be opposite when plantations develop in environmentally contrasting biomes. To test the prediction, we studied taxonomic (species richness) and functional (based in morphological functional traits) diversity of epigeal ant assemblages in pine plantations of different ages (from 1 to 12 years old), developing in contrasting biomes that determined different contexts of the main natural (i.e., native) habitat: subtropical forest and grassland. Temperature, humidity and vegetation cover were recorded, and ants were collected using pitfall traps. For plantations and natural habitats of both biomes, we estimated functional diversity in sets of randomized communities and compared them with the observed functional diversity throughout plantation age. As expected, results showed opposite environmental similarity gradients between natural habitats and plantation ages. In the subtropical forest, ant species richness remained similar but functional diversity increased with increasing plantation age, associated with the presence of predatory ants. In the grassland, species richness showed a maximum at intermediate ages, but functional diversity remained similar with increasing plantation age. Null model analyses showed lower functional diversity than expected by chance in young plantations developing in the subtropical forest and at all ages in grassland, indicating convergence of functional traits. Our findings support environmental filtering as the primary mechanism driving the formation of ant assemblages along pine plantation cycle. To our best knowledge, this is the first study analysing patterns of diversity along tree plantation cycles developing in contrasting biomes. Our results show that the biome effect should be taken into consideration to predict diversity responses to commercial forestry and to unify a theory of assemblage formation in monoculture plantations.

Seabirds are one of the most threatened animal taxa worldwide as they have to deal with threats both at sea and on their breeding grounds. One of these threats is the loss and deterioration of their nesting habitat. Here, we evaluated the long-term effectiveness of providing artificial burrows for the conservation of Yelkouan (Puffinus yelkouan) and Scopoli's (Calonectris diomedea) shearwaters on two islands of the Hyères archipelago (Mediterranean, France). We estimated and compared the longevity, occupancy of and breeding success in artificial burrows and natural cavities. We also analysed factors affecting these three parameters in artificial burrows to optimize their installation for the conservation of our study species. Although their efficacy depended on the species and the island considered, artificial burrows provided more stable and persistent breeding habitat (12-years persistence: 80% vs. 72%), allowed the recruitment of new breeders and good reproductive success (49–76%), and probably reduced inter-specific competition for nesting cavities, across the two islands. The characteristics of both artificial burrows and the areas where they were installed affected artificial burrow efficacy in terms of longevity and occupancy by shearwaters. Thus, artificial burrows were successful tools for the conservation of these two Mediterranean species of shearwaters, particularly when their design and installation were optimized by limiting the risk of their destruction and by selecting burrow and habitat characteristics that enhance their occupancy by the target species. The evaluation of such conservation measures should be performed for every species and site to help managers design and implement effective conservation plans.

The terrestrial biogeochemical cycle of mercury has been widely studied because, among other causes, it presents a global distribution and harmful biotic interactions. Forested ecosystems shows great concentrations from Hg and Litterfall is known as the major contributor to the fluxes at the soil/air interface, through the superficial adsorption on the leaves and by the gas exchange of the stomatal pores. The understanding of which processes control the stage of Hg cycle in these ecosystems is still not totally clear. The influences of physiological and morphological parameters were tested against the Hg concentrations in the leaves of 14 endemic species of an evergreen tropical forest in south-eastern Brazil, and an exotic species from Platanus genus. Pathways were studied through leaf areas and growing tree parameters, where maximum rate of net photosynthesis (Pnmax), transpiration rate (E), stomatal conductance (Gs) were examined. The results obtained in situ indicated a positive correlation between Pnmax and the Hg concentration; Cedrela fissilis and Croton floribundus were the most sensitive species to the accumulation of Hg and the most photosynthetically active in this study. The primary productivity from Tropical forest should be a proxy of Hg deposition from atmosphere to soil, retained there while forests stand up, representing an environmental service of sequestration of this global pollutant. Therefore, forests and trees with great photosynthetic potential should be considered in predictions, budgets and non-geological soil content regarding the global Hg cycle.

ualitative and quantitative methods are applied to assess the impact of CIFOR’s political economy research on the Indonesian pulp and paper sector. Key-informant interviews triangulated by trend-series tests suggest important influence through advocacy intermediaries and counterfactuals of slower adoption of improvements. Effects on conservation set-asides, overcapacity, and plantation establishment are estimated to avert loss of 76,000–212,000 hectares of natural forest (135,000 under main assumptions). Application of an economic-surplus framework for environmental benefits of forest conservation and avoided implicit wood subsidies finds benefits of US$19 to US$583 million (US$133 million main estimate), compared with US$500,000 of direct research costs.

In this article, we present new, high-resolution, pollen results obtained from the DEEP site sequence recovered from Lake Ohrid (Albania/FYROM) for the Last Interglacial Complex (LIC), corresponding to Marine Isotope Stage 5 (MIS 5) of the marine isotope stratigraphy. LIC covers the period between 130 and 70 ka and includes the Eemian (Last Interglacial, LI) and the succession of stadial and interstadial phases of the Early Last Glacial.During the LIC, the pollen record shows an alternation of periods characterized by forest and open vegetation, clearly resembling the well-known vegetational succession of other European records. Our results reveal three key phases for the LI: a first period (128-125 ka) with a rapid increase in temperature and precipitation, a central phase (125–118.5 ka) characterized by a slight cooling, and a late phase (118.5–112 ka), with a decline both in temperatures and precipitation. Besides the LI, we identify four more forested periods dominated by mesophilous trees and intercalated by colder and drier steppe phases, during which, however, most arboreal taxa never disappear.During the Early Last Glacial we also identify several abrupt events that can be correlated to the succession of cold events recorded in the Greenland ice core records, associated to a weakening of the North Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation.The new high-resolution record indicates that Lake Ohrid is an important site to understand the response of vegetation to fluctuations in regional moisture availability and temperature changes, and thus provides new evidence for the connection between the Mediterranean Region and Northern Hemisphere climate oscillations.

The sources and concentrations of aliphatic hydrocarbons (AHs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), faecal and biogenic sterols, and trace metals at 10 sampling sites located in Laranjeiras Bay, a large Environmental Protection Area in the southern Atlantic region of Brazil, were determined to assess the sources of organic matter and the contamination status of estuarine sediments. Organic compounds were determined by GC-FID and GC–MS, and ICP-OES was used to evaluate trace metals. The total AHs concentration ranged from 0.28 to 8.19 μg g− 1, and n-C29 and n-C31 alkanes were predominant, indicating significant inputs from higher terrestrial plants. Unresolved complex mixtures (UCM) were not detected at any site, suggesting that the study area was not significantly contaminated by fossil fuels. The total PAH concentration varied from 3.85 to 89.2 ng g− 1. The ratio between selected PAH isomers showed that combustion of biomass, coal, and petroleum is the main source of PAHs in the study area. The concentrations of the faecal sterols coprostanol and epicoprostanol were below the detection limits, suggesting that sewage was not a significant contributor to sedimentary organic matter. The concentrations of the trace metals (As, Cr, Cu, Ni, Pb and Zn) were low, except near sites located at the mouths of rivers that discharge into the study area and near urbanised regions (Paranaguá city and the adjoining harbour). In general, the concentrations of PAHs were below the threshold effect concentrations (TEL) levels. Although the As, Cr and Ni concentrations were above the TEL levels, the study area can be considered as preserved from human activities.

More than a strategy for environmental conservation, protected area paradigm has represented a specific conception of nature–society relationship. Originated in a context of capitalist consolidation, rapid urbanisation and frontier development in the US, this paradigm has given rise to a `politically viable rationale' in which utilitarian use of natural resources by tourism development would ensure nature preservation. This political rationality has deeply influenced environmental policies in developing countries, fostering a paradoxical model in the history of nature preservation. It also has brought into play diverse interests that have shifted patterns of local nature–society interaction, configuring a complex politicised environment. Established in `isolated' regions, protected areas have been implemented often by top–down approaches, disrupting resident peoples' livelihoods strategies through conflicts over the control of natural resources. Understanding the implications of development and conservation policies on resident peoples' livelihoods may represent a starting point for an integrated developmental conservation policy towards the promotion of sustainable livelihoods in environmentally sensitive regions in developing countries. These issues are analysed in the region of the Lençois Maranhenses National Park in Brazil. This paper argues that the context facing the region reveals a standardised conservationist paradigm marked by the absence of wider ecological criteria informing nature protection and a disregard for the strengthening of sustainability in existent socio-economic dynamics. The regional development and conservation policies have not only promoted tensions between resident peoples' livelihoods and the protected area paradigm, but also reinforced the legitimisation of social exclusion and environmental disruption under the prevalent rhetoric of nature protection and tourism development.

Increasing numbers of streams are threatened with impairment from disturbance and stresses associated with land use changes and urbanization. Efforts to protect and to sustain the integrity of threatened streams require a means of identifying at-risk watersheds, coupled with appropriate smart growth strategies or watershed conservation actions. In this investigation, two statistical approaches were applied to identify spatially-explicit biophysical and watershed land cover factors that influence stream vulnerability to urbanization. Results indicated that Class A streams with ≥3% catchment impervious cover (IC) and Class B streams with ≥6% catchment IC have a higher risk of degradation from urbanization stress when their watersheds exhibit the following biophysical characteristics: ≥ 5% agricultural land cover, ≥ 14% wetland cover, ≥ 67% class D soils, and a soil erosion K factor > 0.08. Evidence also indicated that streams are less likely to suffer impairment from urbanization stress when their resistant or resilient watersheds are associated with the following biophysical characteristics: > 30% Class A and B soils, a depth-to-water table >167 cm, and >80% natural area or forest cover in a 60 m riparian buffer zone, coupled with <3% IC for Class A streams and <6% IC for Class B streams. Study results provide a basis for achieving two important land use planning objectives: (a) identification of vulnerable streams and watersheds that may require proactive management and conservation efforts in order to avoid future stream degradation; and (b) development of decision support tools or metrics that encourage smart growth by directing human development toward resilient, rather than vulnerable watersheds.

Although the EU Marine Strategy Framework Directive (MSFD) is largely based on the establishment of environmental targets and associated proxies to achieve Good Environmental Status (GES), a full suite of ecological indicators for all the ecosystem components is not currently available for ongoing assessment and regular update of GES targets. This is because effective indicators and management actions aimed at preserving/rebuilding marine biodiversity should be found from the knowledge of the spatial distribution of target species and extension of critical habitats as well as their overlapping with human activities, pressure and impacts. In this regard, the spatial distributions of the striped dolphin Stenella coeruleoalba and the common bottlenose dolphin Tursiops truncatus in the Gulf of Taranto (Northern Ionian Sea, Central-eastern Mediterranean Sea) were investigated by means of a generalized additive model (GAM) and a Random Forest (RF) based on sighting data collected during standardized vessel-based surveys carried out from 2009 to 2015. Eight predictive variables were considered, taking into account both the local physiographic features and human activities existing in the investigated area, suggesting an innovative approach to habitat modeling. In particular, the explanatory variables depth, distance from industrial areas and distance from the coast proved to significantly influence the distribution of both dolphin species. In addition, the distribution of S. coeruleoalba and T. truncatus were also significantly shaped by the distance from the navy exercise areas and the fishing areas, respectively. On the contrary, the slope and the distance from the main commercial routes never provided any significant influence. The reliability of GAM and RF models in predicting the spatial distribution of both dolphins was tested by applying the Youden Index method to the ROC curves. The RF model allowed the projection of the expected presence/absence pattern of S. coeruleoalba and T. truncatus to produce the preference habitat versus non habitat map. In particular, the RF model predicted that the striped dolphin is widely present in the central and deeper part of the Gulf of Taranto. In contrast, the common bottlenose dolphin seems to be mainly distributed along the coasts in both the eastern and western sector of the basin. A clear overlapping of the preference habitats estimated for S. coeruleoalba and T. truncatus is shown north of Punta Alice and in front of Policoro as well as offshore from Ugento in the eastern and western parts of the investigated area, respectively. Finally, the critical habitats of S. coeruleoalba and T. truncatus are the outcome of both the influence of environmental conditions and anthropogenic pressures presently occurring in the Gulf of Taranto, basically indicating the need for conservation measures, especially considering that the area is expected to be considered for hydrocarbon prospecting. These results contribute to setting up a baseline reference for future assessment of environmental marine disturbances using cetaceans, which are considered a key group in the MSFD, as an ecological indicator.

Determining the importance of mixed forests to species diversity has become an important aspect of forest ecology and management. Mixed forests are vulnerable to silviculural practices that reduce heterogeneity. Thus, species associated with these forest types are of potential concern. To determine if Blackburnian Warblers (Dendrioca fusca) select mixed forest, we examined habitat use at two spatial scales and resolutions across the full gradient of forest cover types using spot mapping, point counts, and behavioral observations. We detected no difference in abundance among cover types recognised at the resolution of the provincial air photo forest inventory (deciduous, conifer, and mixed forest). However, at finer resolutions, the species was more likely to occur in stands containing a combination of both deciduous and conifer trees. Territory locations were positively associated with deciduous tree height, conifer live crown width, and mature deciduous and conifer tree density. At the individual tree scale, Blackburnian Warblers were more likely to select mature conifer and deciduous trees for foraging and singing than immature conifers, but did not show preference for any tree type (i.e., deciduous or conifer).

It is commonly assumed that respondents' lack of familiarity with the valued resource causes invalid and unreliable responses in contingent valuation surveys. With non-users' valuations, mainly motivated by non-use values, the issue is also closely linked to the discussion of the measurement of non-use values. This paper re-examines the impact of previous use on respondents' willingness to support nature conservation, their motives for valuing the resource and the validity of responses. The users' and non-users' characteristics differed, but there was no difference between the groups in their willingness to support sustained conservation. However, those planning to visit the area in the near future were more likely to pay for conservation than other respondents, even if they did not have previous use experience. Users considered their income constraint somewhat more carefully and were more aware of conservation-related issues than non-users. However, there was no difference in the validity of the WTP responses of the groups. Thus, there seems to be no rationale from a point of view of validity to restrict CVM analysis only to those individuals who have previous experience of the resource, which is in line with the basic premise of CVM. Furthermore, non-use values remained as significant motives for valuing the resource even if the use of the resource was intensive. Therefore, if the existence of a large non-use value component is considered as problematic in general, the problem is likely to exist for all respondent groups and not only for non-users.

Ecological Fiscal Transfers (EFT) have recently gained attention as a promising instrument addressing public authorities to provide incentives for nature conservation. In parallel, both the EU and various European countries are exploring new mechanisms to mobilise funding to support biodiversity conservation. We develop a proposal for an EFT design within the supranational context of the EU and assess its potential effects with evidence-based estimates. We i) provide both a theoretical underpinning and a synthesis of the current EFT schemes and EU Nature Directives, ii) propose a model for EFT implementation within the existing EU funding mechanisms based on quantitative and qualitative conservation indicators, iii) analyse how resulting payments would be (spatially) distributed among European regions, and iv) discuss the model outcomes in terms of ecological effectiveness, distributive effects and cost-effectiveness. We thereby contribute to the debate about how to better integrate ecological public functions within multi-level and supra-national governance structures.

Human activities are exposing freshwater ecosystems to a wide range of stressors, whose direct and indirect effects can be alleviated or exacerbated through interactive effects with dynamic environmental drivers. This study used long-term data from two Neotropical lacustrine freshwater systems (Batata Lake, an Amazonian floodplain lake and Imboassica lagoon, an Atlantic coastal lagoon) subjected to different kinds of environmental fluctuations (i.e., flood pulse and sandbar opening) and anthropogenic impacts (i.e., siltation and eutrophication). Our objective was to determine whether the effects of human perturbations are contingent on modifications of important biotic and abiotic characteristics through environmental variability. For both ecosystems, environmental variability consistently interacted with anthropogenic perturbations to alter most of the variables analyzed, such as nutrient dynamics, chlorophyll-a concentration, zooplankton and benthic invertebrate species richness, and temporal community stability, which indicates that interactive effects between environmental variability and anthropogenic perturbations may impact a myriad of ecosystem properties. Furthermore, the nature of these interactive effects was highly dependent on the variable considered and on the ecosystem analyzed. For example, at Imboassica lagoon, sandbar openings interacted synergistically with trophic state to increase the phosphorus concentration in the water column. At Batata Lake, flooding generally alleviated the negative effects of siltation on species richness by both diluting inorganic suspended material concentration and by promoting local recruitment from the regional species pool. Such results indicate that our ability to understand and predict the outcome of anthropogenic impacts on inland aquatic systems can be hampered if we consider human stressors as “static” phenomena disconnected from dynamic interactions with major local environmental drivers.

World distribution of 488 out of 619 vascular plant species known from an area of 500 km2 within the western Khentey Mountains, northern Mongolia is analyzed. Most species belong to Eastern Asian (29%) or Asian, Eurasian, or circumpolar temperate species (24%) supporting the classification of the Khentey Mountains as part of the temperate zone of Eurasia. Seventeen percent of species are boreal plants. Circumpolar temperate-boreal (9%), Central (-Eastern) Asian (9%), Continental mountain species (5%), Middle-Central Asian (3%), arctic-alpine (3%) as well as Western Eurasian and western Siberian species are of lower significance for the flora of the western Khentey Mountains. Eastern Asian species occur in all types of habitats, whereas plants of other distribution types are focused on certain habitats. Boreal species preferably grow in the dark taiga, which prevails in the upper montane belt and on northern and eastern slopes of the most humid parts of the lower montane belt. Temperate and temperate-boreal species prefer subtaiga forests, which are found on northern and eastern slopes in drier parts of the lower montane belt as well as in upper parts of sun-exposed, southern and western slopes of the lower montane belt. Central (-Eastern) Asian and Middle-Central Asian species primarily inhabit forest steppe habitats, such as meadow and mountain steppes, Ulmus pumila open woodlands and dry Pinus sylvestris forests on steep, southern slopes.

Rain-on-snow events are typical in maritime climates, and they can cause serious floods and excessive losses of soils and nutrients. It is assumed that energy balance snowmelt models (EBMs) perform better in simulating these events than temperature index models (TIMs), due to their consideration of physical conditions. In this study, an energy balance snowmelt model was modified and integrated with the Soil and Water Assessment Tool (SWAT) to predict snowmelt for maritime regions. The modified EBM was tested against field measurements and simulations of the currently used TIM in SWAT for eight watersheds across Atlantic Canada. Results indicated that the EBM improved the accuracy of predicting snowmelt compared with the TIM, especially for watersheds with low forest cover, mainly due to improved simulations of rain-on-snow events. In addition, the EBM was able to provide reliable estimates of snow depths important for simulating soil temperatures during winter in Atlantic Canada.

Heathland area in the northwestern part of Belgium has been strongly reduced during the past 200 years, and the remaining heathland is forced back into several small and isolated relics. In this study, we investigated how the fragmentation of these heathlands affects the distribution patterns of heathland plant species. Furthermore, we tested whether differences in patch occupancy patterns could be explained in terms of life history traits related to dispersal capacity and persistence. Multivariate logistic regression models showed that the incidence of almost three quarters of the species was influenced by fragmentation. For the majority of these species, isolation was the most important factor determining their presence or absence in a heathland patch. Differences between the species in isolation-sensitivity could be attributed mainly to differences in seed bank characteristics, with species having a long living seed bank being less affected by isolation. In contrast, species having mechanisms facilitating long distance dispersal were as much affected by isolation as species lacking these mechanisms.Our results suggest that for the majority of the species extinction in a patch can be prevented by dispersal from neighbouring patches. Further isolation of the patches should therefore be prevented and connectivity between the patches needs to be assured. As almost none of the species is affected by a declining patch area, for most even small patches are important for their survival. Hence, conservation efforts should focus not only on large heathlands.

Increasing human activities worldwide have significantly altered the natural ecosystems and consequently, the services they provide. This is no exception in Nigeria, where land-use/land-cover has undergone a series of dramatic changes over the years mainly due to the ever-growing large population. However, estimating the impact of such changes on a wide range of ecosystem services is seldom attempted. Thus, on the basis of GlobeLand30 land-cover maps for 2000 and 2010 and using the value transfer methodology, we evaluated changes in the value of ecosystem services in response to land-use/land-cover dynamics in Nigeria. The results showed that over the 10-year period, cultivated land sprawl over the forests and savannahs was predominant, and occurred mainly in the northern region of the country. During this period, we calculated an increase in the total ecosystem services value (ESV) in Nigeria from 665.93 billion (2007 US$) in 2000 to 667.44 billion (2007 US$) in 2010, 97.38% of which was contributed by cultivated land. The value of provisioning services increased while regulation, support, recreation and culture services decreased, amongst which, water regulation (−11.01%), gas regulation (−7.13%), cultural (−4.84%) and climate regulation (−4.3%) ecosystem functions are estimated as the most impacted. The increase in the total ESV in Nigeria associated with the huge increase in ecosystem services due to cultivated land expansion may make land-use changes (i.e. the ever-increasing agricultural expansion in Nigeria) appear economically profitable. However, continuous loss of services such as climate and water regulation that are largely provided by the natural ecosystems can result in huge economic losses that may exceed the apparent gains from cultivated land development. Therefore, we advocate that the conservation of the natural ecosystem should be a priority in future land-use management in Nigeria, a country highly vulnerable to climate change and incessantly impacted by natural disasters such as flooding.

Distinct environments drive particular responses in the reproduction pattern of plants and may have ecological and evolutionary consequences for local populations. Currently, populations of the palm Butia eriospatha are found in forests and open grasslands in southern Brazil, providing opportunities to investigate how this species responds to recent habitat transformations. We assessed phenology and fruit morphology in two geographically close populations of B. eriospatha under contrasting environmental conditions – forest and open grassland – to address the following questions: 1) Are there phenotypic differences between populations of B. eriospatha occurring in contrasting habitats? 2) What ecological and evolutionary consequences could those differences impose on local populations? Greater variation was observed within the forest population. The grassland population showed lighter endocarps on average, reflecting a greater proportion of pulp per fruit, but smaller seeds, which may suggest plasticity, local adaptation, or both after the habitat transformation. Reproductive status is dependent on individuals' sizes in the forest environment but not for the open grassland population. Additionally, the average production of infructescences per individual is lower in the forest environment. Our findings indicate that the transformation of B. eriospatha's habitat has promoted important phenotypic changes. We emphasize the importance of forest environments in promoting dispersal selectivity, which may increase population fitness through time.

Marine protected areas (MPAs) provide multiple conservation benefits, thus raising the question of how good and consistent they are at their roles. Here, we quantified three components, namely, diversity, biomass, and other relevant variables, in numerous protected and unprotected areas across four marine ecoregions in south-western Europe. We created a “global conservation status index” (CSIglobal) as the sum of CSIdiversity, CSIbiomass, and CSIrelevant. We then tested whether CSI and its three components varied as a function of protection and marine ecoregion. MPA efficiency, defined as the effect size of protection on CSIglobal, was unreliable and varied with geography. CSIbiomass and CSIrelevant contributed to the unreliability of MPA efficiency, while CSIdiversity was reliable. CSIbiomass showed the major efficiency in protected areas (60%). Biomass of threatened species was the single largest variable that contributed to MPA efficiency. Our easy-to-use approach can identify high- and low-efficient MPAs and help to clarify their actual roles.

In North Africa, and especially in the Sahara Desert, biodiversity is poorly known. Of the five widespread canid species present, one is Data Deficient, three are considered widespread although habitat selection could limit their area of occupancy, and distribution maps available are coarse for conservation planning. This study identifies biogeographic patterns in North-African canids through the combination of high resolution presence data with 16 environmental factors. Predictive models trained in north-west Africa are projected to all North Africa. canids exhibited distinct biogeographical affinities. GIS tools and Maximum Entropy models identify a mixture of climatic and habitat factors as main predictors of species occurrence. Suitable habitats for North-African canids are mostly fragmented: probable occurrence was identified for Canis aureus in Saharan peripheral regions and mountains, for Vulpes pallida in a narrow band along the Sahel and in southern Saharan mountains, for Vulpes rueppellii throughout the Sahara, for Vulpes vulpes in northern Africa until the Sahara northern limit, and for Vulpes zerda in almost all Sahara. Areas of potential sympatry between species with similar niches and parapatric ranges are identified along relatively narrow bands. The small pixel size of projections allows the identification of suitable refuges for species otherwise absent in the driest Saharan habitats, providing framework data for the definition of the global conservation status of V. pallida, and conservation strategies for the guild. The biological value of Saharan mountains is emphasised as they constitute isolated suitable areas. Ecological-niche based models should be developed for other endangered Saharan vertebrates.

In this study we evaluated Pavlovian conditioned food anticipatory behaviour as a potential indicator for stress in groups of Atlantic salmon, and compared this with the physiological stress responses of cortisol excretion into water and hyper-consumption of oxygen. We hypothesised that environmental stress would result in reduced feeding motivation. To assess this, we measured the strength of anticipatory behaviour during a period of flashing light that signalled arrival of food. Further, we expected that fish given a reduced food ration would be less sensitive to environmental stress than fish fed full ration. The fish responded to an acute temperature fluctuation with hyper-consumption of oxygen that decreased in line with the temperature, and elevated cortisol excretion up to 1 h after the stressor. These physiological responses did not differ significantly between the food ration groups. The anticipatory behaviour was significantly reduced after the stressor and returned to control levels after 1 to 2 h in the reduced ration group, but not until after 3 to 4 h in the full ration group. Our results show that acute stress can be measured in terms of changes to feeding motivation, and that it is a more sensitive indicator of stress that influences the fish over a longer time period than measures of change in cortisol excretion.

Wide-ranging marine birds rely on multiple habitats for wintering, breeding, and migrating, and their conservation may be dependent on protecting networks of key areas. Urbanized estuaries are critical wintering and stopover areas for many declining sea ducks in North America; however, conservation measures within estuaries are difficult to establish given lack of knowledge about habitat use by these species and the variety of competing human interests. We applied hierarchical modeling to evaluate resource selection of sea ducks (surf scoters, Melanitta perspicillata) wintering in San Francisco Bay, California, USA, a large and highly urbanized estuary. We also examined their distribution, home range, and movements with respect to key habitat features and regions within the estuary. Herring roe was the strongest predictor of bird locations; however, eelgrass, water depth and salinity were also highly-ranked, with sea ducks using deeper areas of higher salinity associated with herring roe and eelgrass presence during mid-winter. Sea ducks were also strongly associated with ferry routes, suggesting these areas may contain resources that are too important to avoid and emphasizing the need to better understand water traffic effects. Movements and home range size differed between males and females in early winter but became more similar in late winter. Birds traveled farther and used several sub-bays in early winter compared to mid-winter when herring roe availability peaked in the Central Bay. Our findings identified key environmental variables, highlighted core use areas, and documented critical periods for consideration when developing conservation plans for sea ducks in urbanized estuaries.

Replacing fossil with biomass-based sources of energy may help to reduce climate threats to biodiversity. However, some geographic areas with high potential value for producing biomass are also biodiversity hot spots. Guidance is needed to manage landscapes to successfully co-produce biomass for energy and habitat for wildlife. The land-sharing versus sparing (LSS) paradigm suggests a spectrum of approaches, but there are challenges with applying the paradigm to bioenergy production. Drawing on examples from biomass production systems spanning a latitudinal gradient from the prairies and southeast forests of North America to the savannas of the Cerrados and Amazonian forests of Brazil in South America, we extract recommendations for co-managing for wildlife and biomass production at the landscape scale and at the scale of individual parcels. At the landscape scale, setting-aside larger conservation reserves while zoning for smaller individual parcels in biomass production is recommended where biodiversity is high. Where ecosystems support wide-ranging species with poor gap-crossing abilities, corridors linking reserves are also recommended. At the scale of parcels managed by an individual owner, wildlife habitat quality can be improved by reducing the intensity of production in lands used to grow biomass for energy, i.e., land sharing. For example, retaining key structural elements that offer insect habitat and prey refuge, increasing vegetative diversity, and using natural pest control are three wildlife-friendly practices. In addition, dynamic management can facilitate time-sharing between production of biomass and wildlife. Finally, understanding and mitigating for negative wildlife interactions that cause damage to crops is central to finding solutions that are acceptable to land managers.

There has been a recent interest in integrating an understanding of behaviour into conservation biology. Unfortunately, there has been no paradigm for such a process. Without a clear framework for integration, conservation biologists may have difficulties recognising how behavioural knowledge can help solve real-world conservation problems. Effective population size (Ne) is a key demographic parameter used to understand population viability. A variety of behaviours and behavioural traits impact Ne, yet their importance for conservation is under-appreciated. We suggest that identifying behavioural traits that affect Ne provides a paradigm for integrating behavioural biology into conservation biology. Behaviour can affect Ne through at least three different mechanisms: reducing N — the population size; reducing r — the population growth rate, and/or by increasing reproductive skew. We discuss how nine common behavioural traits can reduce Ne, and suggest how an understanding of these traits may inform management of both free-living and captive animals.

Environmental gradients may influence species distributions by filtering their functional traits, resulting in a correspondence between community functional composition and local environmental conditions. We used a vegetation gradient as an indicator for environmental complexity to test whether it predicted the morphological composition of ground-dwelling ant assemblages across geographic extents. The sampling design covered 126 plots distributed across eight sampling sites along a broad environmental gradient in the Amazon Basin. Plots covered different phytophysiognomies that have a strong relation with forest biomass and, consequently, litter production. We selected six morphological traits related to ant foraging strategies and behavior. Generalized linear mixed models were used to predict how environmental complexity affects trait composition of ground-dwelling ant assemblages. Structurally less complex environments (eg. Amazonian savannah) harboured more species of smaller ants, with relatively smaller mandibles and relatively larger eyes. In more complex environments (eg. dense ombrophylous forest), there were more ant species of larger size, with relatively larger mandibles and relatively smaller eyes. No relationship was detected between relative femur length and the environmental gradient investigated. The functional approach focused on individual traits may illuminate which ant foraging strategies are best adapted to a particular habitat. Our data reveal that the morphological composition of ground-dewelling ant assemblages responds clearly to environmental complexity suggesting that certain ant characteristics offer ecological advantages to particular species in particular habitats.

Terrestrial ecoregions, including critical ecoregions (CEs), vulnerable ecoregions (VEs), and intact ecoregions (IEs) have been used by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) to classify global biodiversity and are being affected by climate change, which was considered as one of the main threats to biodiversity conservation. However, the impacts of future climate change in shifted means and extremes of temperature, precipitation, and cloud cover under the representative concentration pathways (RCP 2.6, 4.5, and 8.5) on the characteristics of these ecoregions have yet to be fully understood. The present study was designed using a dynamic global vegetation model and both current and future climate scenarios, to investigate the impacts of shifted means and extremes of temperature, precipitation, and cloud cover on five ecological indicators including net primary productivity (NPP), carbon storage, runoff, wildfire risk, and habitat transformation at the ecoregional scale. The analysis was performed for the terrestrial ecoregions as a whole, as well as for specific subsets of CEs, VEs, and IEs. The results showed that future climate scenarios (whether RCP 2.6, 4.5, or 8.5) were estimated to increase the mean NPP, runoff, wildfire risk, and habitat transformation for all ecoregion types, when comparing values for 2071–2100 to the baseline (1971–2000) period. In contrast, the mean carbon storage in the TEWs, VEs, and CEs was estimated to decrease from the baseline to the values under RCP 2.6 and RCP 4.5 and then increase to their largest values under RCP 8.5. The mean carbon storage in the IEs under RCP 8.5 was estimated to remain lower than the baseline period values. Climate change in shifted means and extremes of temperature, precipitation, and cloud cover are generally significant drivers of the variances of NPP, carbon storage, runoff, wildfire risk, and habitat transformation under RCP 2.6, RCP 4.5, and RCP 8.5. The dynamics of the climate change metrics and the five ecological indicators have significant implications for biodiversity conservation in changing climates.

Lichen and bryophyte communities of spruce and pine plantations in different parts of Britain were surveyed and compared to those of semi-natural pine and oak woodlands. In total, 202 lichen species and 111 bryophytes were recorded. Community composition and species-richness were related to measures of climate, stand structure and deadwood (snags, logs and stumps). Plantations had a less species-rich lichen flora than semi-natural stands related to reduced light availability and lack of old trees. Bryophyte species-richness was similar in plantations and semi-natural stands, and was positively correlated with large diameter (>20 cm), well-decayed logs and stumps. Lichens species-richness was higher on decorticate snags (especially in semi-natural Scots pine stands in the Scottish Highlands). Early successional stands were often the richest for lichens, stumps being important for Calicium and Cladonia species. Three strategies are suggested for enhancing lower plant diversity in planted forests: (1) extending felling rotations; (2) introducing alternative silvicultural systems to clear-felling (e.g. single-tree selection) to foster continuity of woodland conditions and increase deadwood volumes; (3) modifying restocking practices on clear-fells to avoid excessive shading of deadwood.

Climate, by altering the spatio-temporal distributions of suitable habitats, leads to modifications in a multitude of species ranges. In recent years, the ability of species to adjust to changing climatic conditions is of growing concern. In the present study, a generic trait-based method to assess species exploratory potential under climate change is proposed. “Exploratory potential” is here defined as the capacity of species to initiate the act of leaving their current habitats and to reach new ones outside of their range, at a rate fast enough to keep pace with climate change. The presented method is based on the calculation of the Exploratory Potential Index (EPI), a metric that combines several life-history traits into a single numeric value. Both coefficients and variables of this composite metric are flexible. They depend on the set of species under consideration through a two-step participatory expert-based procedure. A panel of experts on the species’ biology, ecology and conservation is first to be constituted. Then, experts are separately consulted to validate the variables to be integrated in the composite EPI index and are asked to rank the importance of these variables relative to each other following an Analytic Hierarchy Process. Coefficients in the EPI index and scores are given a credibility distribution using a Bayesian inference model. Anadromous species are chosen as a first application case. Scripts and raw survey data are made available to readers to ease applications to other species groups.

Biodiversity loss is widely recognized as a serious global environmental change process. While large-scale metal mining activities do not belong to the top drivers of such change, these operations exert or may intensify pressures on biodiversity by adversely changing habitats, directly and indirectly, at local and regional scales. So far, analyses of global spatial dynamics of mining and its burden on biodiversity focused on the overlap between mines and protected areas or areas of high value for conservation. However, it is less clear how operating metal mines are globally exerting pressure on zones of different biodiversity richness; a similar gap exists for unmined but known mineral deposits. By using vascular plants’ diversity as a proxy to quantify overall biodiversity, this study provides a first examination of the global spatial distribution of mines and deposits for five key metals across different biodiversity zones. The results indicate that mines and deposits are not randomly distributed, but concentrated within intermediate and high diversity zones, especially bauxite and silver. In contrast, iron, gold, and copper mines and deposits are closer to a more proportional distribution while showing a high concentration in the intermediate biodiversity zone. Considering the five metals together, 63% and 61% of available mines and deposits, respectively, are located in intermediate diversity zones, comprising 52% of the global land terrestrial surface. 23% of mines and 20% of ore deposits are located in areas of high plant diversity, covering 17% of the land. 13% of mines and 19% of deposits are in areas of low plant diversity, comprising 31% of the land surface. Thus, there seems to be potential for opening new mines in areas of low biodiversity in the future.

In most developed countries, the acceleration of coastal urbanization during the second half of the twentieth century has gradually resulted in a concentration of residential housing and associated infrastructure and facilities along a narrow coastal strip, along with various environmental, functional and social impacts. This has led certain countries, such as France, to adopt protection legislation with respect to their coastlines. However, while numerous studies describe and analyse the consequences of urbanization on the coastal environment, few of them examine the influence of the coast on urbanization. This paper focuses on the residential development process, considering the coastline as both a pull factor on account of its amenities, and as a constraint due to the legislation put in place to protect it. Our study aims to build a database describing the factors that influence the probability of housing development on vacant land and to analyse the spatiotemporal evolution through a logistic regression modelling approach. While controlling the factors usually mentioned in the scientific literature on urban sprawl and suburbanization, this method is also able to isolate the effects of coastal attractiveness, taking laws and bylaws regulating urbanization in such areas into consideration. It shows in particular that, since the early 2000s, the gradual implementation of a land planning framework specific to the coastal zone has led to improved regulation of housing development in the study area. Throughout the country, the French Coastal Law limited available land for housing development, particularly in coastal areas, by enforcing building restrictions in accordance with conservation principles. The paper concludes with potential improvements to our models, e.g. the integration of local economic factors, such as land costs or changes in taxation, all of which influence housing choices and could potentially regulate suburbanization.

Assessment of biodiversity representation by protected areas mostly uses biological information to prioritise unrepresented features. Use of socio-economic factors (e.g. land use, ownership) is less prominent, even though they influence biodiversity distribution and reserve implementation. In regions with little protection, socio-economic factors may be more sensitive to prioritising risk among unprotected features: many biological priorities will exist but not all are threatened by land use. In an intensively managed region of New Brunswick, Canada, we conducted an ecosystem-based representation assessment and prioritised the unprotected elements with a combined biological and socio-economic ranking criteria. Biological data were the distribution and rarity of at-risk plants. Socio-economic data described land use intensity. Ecosystem units were fine-scale polygons resolved across topographical and edaphic gradients. We asked: 1) how adequately are units with rare plant hotspots protected? and 2) what are the relative risks to unprotected units from land use? Nineteen of twenty-eight ecosystems were preserved inadequately. Based on the combined ranking procedure, however, not all were equally at-risk. High risk units with rare plant hotspots were fertile, of gentle slopes or bottomlands, privately owned, and agriculture-dominated. Rare plants were concentrated in highly isolated forest remnants. Low risk units were infertile, poorly drained or topographically rugged, and owned by government or the forest industry; some contained rare plants but were well protected. Several unprotected and disturbed units were not ranked highly due to biological data base inconsistencies, and due to the weighting of the ranking criteria itself. Such problems, common to representation analyses, were highlighted by our use of multiple ranking criteria; affected units will require supplemental risk assessment. Our results indicate that high risk ecosystems will be difficult to protect because of habitat conversion and mostly private ownership. At the same time, socio-economic impacts, driven by forestry, appear to be shifting away from ecosystems now considered high priority. Tracking shifts in socio-economic pressure may anticipate future biodiversity impacts indiscernible using assessments based on species presently at-risk.

Modern soil and litter samples from southeastern Cameroon, collected along a continuous forest–savanna transect were analysed for pollen content to define modern pollen–vegetation relationships. The pollen results, completed and compared with botanical inventories, leaf area index and basal area measurements performed in the same area, clearly registered the physiognomy, the main floristic composition and floral richness of the two sampled ecosystems. Distortions were observed between sampled vegetations and their pollen rain, related to important differences in pollen production and dispersal of plant species: this is a general feature in many tropical regions. The pollen data in the area studied reflected well the recent transgression of forest versus savanna. This permitted us to define inside the forest ecosystem more successional vegetation communities than the botanical surveys allowed.

In this paper, we present a synthetic view of the results of anthracological studies in the Western Pyrenean Region during the Holocene. With this aim, we have compiled the results of wood charcoal analyses from archaeological sites taking into account that this region can be divided into several biogeographic areas. Firstly, we present the Aizpea archaeological site in the Pyrenees. Secondly, the deposits of Pico Ramos, Kobeaga II and El Mirón in the Coastal Area are described. Moving to the central part, into the Transition area, we describe the data of Mendandia as the main representative site, although the nearby sites of Atxoste, Kampanoste, and Kanpanoste Goikoa are also mentioned. Finally, for the southern sector of the Ebro Valley, we explain the archaeological sites of Peña Parda and Peña Larga. In addition, some specific issues that have been observed in some plant species found in this environment are also addressed. The main results show the use of different types of wood located near the archaeological sites and, in some particular cases, the selection of one of them.

Mediterranean forest growth is constrained by drought and high temperatures during summer. Effects of climate change on these forests depend on how changes in water availability and temperature will take place. A process-based forest growth model, growth of trees is limited by water in the Mediterranean (GOTILWA+), was applied in the Mediterranean region on Quercus ilex, Pinus halepensis, P. pinaster, P. sylvestris and Fagus sylvatica forests. The effects of climate change on growth were analysed, as well as the effect of thinning cycle length, combined with the assumption of different soil depths. Thinning cycle lengths was included because it can affect the response of stands to climatic conditions, and soil depth because this is positively related to soil water-holding capacity and consequently may change the effects of drought. The simulation period covered 140 years (1961–2100). Model results show that leaf area index (LAI) may increase, favoured by the increase of atmospheric CO2, particularly at sites where rainfall is relatively high and climatic conditions not too warm. The predicted increase in temperature significantly influenced mean leaf life span (MLLS). MLLS of F. sylvatica would increase with climate change, implying a longer growing period. Conversely, MLLS of evergreen species would be reduced, accelerating leaf turnover. In general, our results showed a higher production promoted by projected climate change in response to the increasing atmospheric CO2 concentration and rainfall in the region. Temperature increase would have different consequences for production. In F. sylvatica, the longer growing period would promote higher production, particularly when water is not limiting. On the other hand, Q. ilex and Pinus species would expend more carbon in maintaining and producing leaves to replace those lost in increased turnover rate. As expected, access of roots to deeper soil results in an increased final wood yield (FWY) due to an improved water balance that promotes higher transpiration, photosynthesis and growth. In general, the shorter the harvest cycle, the larger the FWY, because of less tree mortality between harvesting events. According to our results, temperature and rainfall may constrain growth during certain periods but if rainfall increases in the future, a positive effect on growth is likely.

Callithrix aurita is a native small primate species from the Brazilian Southeastern Atlantic mountains. Considered as vulnerable and figuring the IUCN Red List, the species currently struggles with a reduced population size and faces several obstacles such as congeneric competition and the obvious anthropic pressure. Here we describe our amplification strategy to obtain high quality DNA of the endangered marmoset species Callithrix aurita from the South American Atlantic Rainforest, for use on massive parallel sequencing with the HiSeq 2500 platform. Two fragments of about 9 Kb were successfully amplified comprising the fragments F1 165-9229 and F2 8531-639 of the mitochondrial genome of the Callithrix aurita. The quantification of the DNA was made using the Qubit fluorimeter and the fragments are now under sample preparation and sequencing using the Nextera DNA Kit within the HiSeq 2500 platform.

sity loss is a matter of great concern among conservation scientists, but the wherewithal to reverse this trend is generally lacking. One reason is that nearly half of the world's people live in urban areas and are increasingly disconnected from nature. If there is to be broad-based public support for biodiversity conservation, the places where people live and work should be designed so as to provide opportunities for meaningful interactions with the natural world. Doing so has the potential not only to engender support for protecting native species, but also to enhance human well-being. Accomplishing these goals will necessitate conservation scientists forging new collaborations with design professionals, health practitioners and social scientists, as well as encouraging the participation of the general public.

Numerous communities in the United States have been willing to use public funds to protect open space. The amount of money allocated for open space protection by local and state governments exceeds the budget of the largest federal land protection program in the U.S., the Conservation Reserve Program. This paper analyzes what types of municipalities hold open-space referenda and the level of support for these referenda. Factors that increased the probability of a municipality holding an open space referendum from 2000 to 2004 were large population, low population density, rapid growth of the surrounding area, and highly educated and environmentally-concerned residents. Increases in median household income up to $100,000 increased the likelihood of a vote, but further increases in income beyond $100,000 decreased the likelihood. For municipalities holding an open space referendum, factors that increased support for passage of the referendum were rapid growth, low unemployment rates, highly educated residents, and no new taxes. Given high levels of support for open space referenda (76% of municipal-level referenda held from 2000 through 2004 passed) the spatial pattern of locally-managed open space will be largely determined by the factors that affect referenda appearance on a municipal ballot. This conclusion suggests that locally-managed conservation hotspots will cluster around fast-growing affluent communities with highly educated residents. Such hotspots may or may not align with overall conservation priorities. Non-governmental and environmental organizations should focus efforts on helping communities in locally-managed conservation coldspots secure open space.

Patagonia is considered a region of high conservation priority due to its outstanding and representative habitats and high endemism. The purpose of this study is to assess the degree of representation of Patagonian lizards in the existing protected area network, and to identify conservation priority areas that may help expand the current system. We obtained locality data for all Patagonian species from different sources and used them, together with environmental variables, to model their potential distribution. We then used a reserve-selection algorithm to assess the performance of the existing protected area network in representing all lizard species, and to identify new priority areas. Our results indicate that the existing protected areas fail to protect 10 of the 60 species modeled. To protect at least 5% of the geographic distribution of all species, the existing reserve network would need an additional 3.7% of the study area, whereas to protect at least 10% of the distribution of species, an extra 9.9% would be needed. We found eleven main priority areas needed to protect at least 5% or 10% of the distribution of all species of lizards. In conclusion, the current reserve network is not very effective at protecting the lizards of Patagonia, particularly those species with range-restricted distributions. We hope that this contribution will help direct conservation efforts in the region, by maximising the protection of biodiversity.

This study assesses the impact of severe cyclones on a mangrove forest and the response over a 14 year period. SPOT images from pre- and post-cyclone years were used to assess changes in area and in the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) in a cyclone impacted mangrove forest in central Mozambique. Forest structure and condition were evaluated in the field 11 years after the cyclone, sampling both the protected creek and exposed seaward mangroves. Transects perpendicular to the coast line were set across impact zones, covering high-, mid- and less-impacted zones. Quadrats (10 × 10 m) were set along each transect, and adult trees within were identified to species, Diameter at Breast Height (DBH) measured, height estimated, and life condition (living or dead) indicated. Regeneration was assessed in 5 × 5 m quadrats. Cyclone Eline impacted on 47.8% of the mangrove forest area, as shown by reduced NDVI in 2000 after the cyclone. Field sampling results indicate substantial recovery in creek forests; while seaward mangroves had 100% mortality in Rhizophora mucronata dominated areas. This species is sensitive to defoliation and sedimentation and unable to sprout. Only mid- and less-impacted zones had high densities of juveniles. Species with high regenerating success were R. mucronata, Ceriops tagal and Avicennia marina. Sheltered creek mangroves were able to recover but changes in sedimentation prevented recovery in the exposed seaward sites. This study highlights the need to understand the response of mangroves to cyclones, considering increased frequency with climate changes. Higher frequency of cyclones might prevent recovery, threatening the forest and associated coastal protection. However increased forest resilience can be gained with proper management.

In much of Europe policy is challenged by the abandonment of crop and pasture land and its replacement by natural forest regrowth. Rewilding is one option. An alternative, multifunctional, strategy is extensive beef farming coupled with carbon storage in herbage and naturally regenerating trees. An economic model is developed in the context of Estonia, where many of the constraints and opportunities relating to natural forest regrowth are in particularly sharp focus, but the approach will be widely applicable. Production of niche market beef, carbon sequestration, and other ecosystem services can proceed in parallel. A novel concept of support payments is proposed. Net present value assessment, with cash credits for carbon storage, demonstrates that the model is viable. A 100 ha tract of abandoned land, stocked with 35 beef cows, would produce beef profitably. Provisioning, regulating and cultural ecosystem services would be delivered, including a net storage of carbon, and rural regeneration would be promoted. The study provides further scientific underpinning for a policy discussion on abandoned land, which represents a growing proportion of Europe's land area. Extensive beef production is compatible with net carbon storage and can provide sustainable ecosystem services together with rural regeneration.

We explored the relationships among human attitudes towards biodiversity, its economic value and the public awareness for biodiversity conservation. Behavioural items and specific human attitudes to species were studied in the framework of a contingent valuation survey conducted in the Doñana National and Natural Park (SW Spain). Our analyses revealed a strong correlation between individuals’ attitudes towards particular species and their stated willingness to allocate funds for their conservation. Factors influencing individuals’ attitudes and willingness to pay are suggested. Overall, we found that the role of affective factors is much greater than the role of ecological-scientific considerations. Familiarity and biophilia factors had a marked effect on the attitude towards paying for biodiversity conservation. Since contingent valuation does not reveal the economic benefits of conserving certain key species; we propose that it should be combined with other non-monetary criteria derived from social-psychology and human ecology disciplines.

The jaguar (Panthera onca) is widely distributed across a broad range of habitat types, where its feeding habits and habitat use patterns vary significantly. The jaguar and its main arboreal prey – the brown-throated sloth (Bradypus variegatus) and the red howler monkey (Alouatta juara) – are widespread in the Amazonian floodplain forests of the Mamirauá Reserve. These forest-dwelling species are the most common mammal species both in the continuous forest and the forest patches surrounded by a river matrix – the fluvial islands – of the Solimões and Japurá rivers. We used sign surveys along line-transects to assess the pattern of habitat occupancy by jaguars in Amazonian floodplain forests. Specifically, we (i) tested whether habitat occupancy by jaguars differs between river islands and continuous forest; and (ii) evaluated whether and how the local abundance of sloths and howler monkeys influence the probability of site occupancy by jaguars. We built an occupancy model and used Bayesian inference to reach these goals. The proportion of sites estimated to be used by jaguars was ψ = 0.75 (HPD95: 0.36–1.00), and it did not differ between islands and continuous forest. The abundance of both prey species had a direct influence on jaguar's habitat use, whereas the aquatic matrix seems to have a negligible effect on the use of islands by jaguars. We conclude that the isolation of the river islands within the aquatic matrix does not hamper jaguars to use them. We also conclude that prey search modulates jaguars' habitat occupancy patterns with both prey species having a similar effect. This finding is compatible with the previously reported importance of sloths to the diet of jaguars in the study region despite its lower abundance than howlers. Finally, we suggest that sign surveys are an alternative method to assess the pattern of jaguar habitat occupancy in floodplain forests.

Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa Doug. ex. Laws) plantations represent more than three quarters of afforestation projects in the Northwestern part of Argentinean Patagonia. Most plantations are located in the forest–steppe ecotone within the natural distribution area of cordilleran cypress (Austrocedrus chilensis (D. Don) Pic. Serm. et Bizzarri). The productivity of ponderosa pine plantations is much greater than that of the native cordilleran cypress forests, which would suggest a greater utilization of water resources. Our primary hypothesis was that ponderosa pine plantations have higher total annual transpiration per hectare than native cordilleran cypress stands of similar density. As secondary hypotheses we tested whether ponderosa pine stands: (1) have higher maximum transpiration rates, (2) utilize water over a longer season, (3) deplete soil water to a lower moisture content level, and (4) extract water from deeper soil layers than native cypress stands. Through continuous measurement of sap flow and of soil water content at various depths (from surface to 1.8 m), we examined the total amount of water used by four forest stands: a high density ponderosa pine timber plantation (HDPP), a low density silvopastoral ponderosa pine plantation (Silvo), a low density cordilleran cypress forest stand (LDCip) and a high density cordilleran cypress forest stand (HDCip). Measurements were carried out during 2 years that had contrasting amounts of summer precipitation. HDPP had the highest water use at the stand level, averaging 64% and 33% greater than HDCip in the wet and dry years, respectively. Higher transpiration rate but not length of the transpiration season explained the difference in total annual transpiration between species. Water depletion occurred simultaneously at all soil depths for all the plots even in the wet year. However, the HDPP plot used a greater amount of water from deeper soil layers compared to all the other plots. Our results emphasize the need for caution when planning afforestation projects at large scales, as the increase in transpiration due to conversion of native forests to high density ponderosa pine plantations could have a large impact on water resources.

Acoustic bat identification is a complementary method to traditional mist-netting for chiropteran surveys. In this work, an algorithm based on artificial intelligence techniques was developed for bat species identification in Uruguay. An acoustic library of 662 search phase pulses of the 10 most common bat species in Uruguay was obtained. Random Forests, Support Vector Machines and Artificial Neural Networks algorithms were trained to predict bat species from acoustic variables. Variable selection was performed in an independent subset (one third) of the dataset, using the function varImpPlot of randomForest R package. Model performance was evaluated by means of the test error with the remaining two thirds of the data. To do this, data were split randomly into a training and a test set, then the model was trained with the training sample and its performance was assessed using the test sample. The procedure was performed 100 times and the test errors were averaged to have an unbiased measure of the performance of the models. The best predictor was a Random Forests classifier that considered 12 predictor variables. The achieved accuracy was comparable to other international published products. Additionally, a threshold value for classification probability was optimized to define an “unclassified” class that allows using this algorithm even when the training sample does not represent an exhaustive sample of local richness. A web application returning the predicted class and a confidence measure for a given observation was developed permitting the use of this tool by a broad spectrum of users, from biologist to technicians.

There is now little reasonable doubt about the scale of the present extinction crisis: recent and ongoing rates of species loss exceed background levels by two to three orders of magnitude. Nevertheless, species differ widely in their vulnerability to current threats. Growing evidence from both palaeontology and conservation biology suggests that past events may help to explain this variation. Communities appear far more resilient to particular threats if they have faced similar challenges in the past. This intuitive but poorly reported phenomenon has potentially far-reaching implications for attempts to focus conservation efforts on those areas most at risk from contemporary human activity.

We studied dispersal in 27 radio-collared Florida panthers Puma concolor coryi in southern Florida from 1986 to 2000. Male dispersal was longer (mean=68.4 km) than that of females (mean=20.3 km), tended to be circular, frustrated, and of insufficient length to ameliorate inbreeding. Females were philopatric and established home ranges that were less than one home range width away from their natal ranges. All females were successful in establishing territories, whereas males were successful 63% of the time. Dispersing panthers avoided moving toward the southeast and into an area of limited forest cover. Independence and the initiation of dispersal occurred at about 14 months of age and lasted for an average of 7.0–9.6 months for females and males, respectively. On average, Florida panthers disperse shorter distances than are typical for western populations of Puma concolor. A recent increase in long distance male dispersal events may be related to an increase in reproduction and population density resulting from the introduction of female cougars P. c. stanleyana into south Florida. Although the population exhibits the behavioral ability to colonize nearby vacant range, females have yet to do so. Successful dispersal to these areas could be facilitated by habitat restoration and translocation of females.

Managed forests support a diverse assemblage of herpetofauna. However, less is known about how aquatic features embedded in intensively managed landscapes, particularly modified aquatic habitat types, influence biodiversity. Further, whether additional anthropogenic disturbances to modified aquatic habitats affect occupancy of amphibians has not been studied, but has important ramifications for ongoing policy debates regarding water quality regulations in the United States. We examined species diversity and occupancy of anuran assemblages in an intensively managed forest landscape with a history of ditching, draining, and periodic maintenance of ditches. During 2012–2013, we conducted repeated aural surveys for calling male frogs and toads across 16 roadside ditch segments that were maintained from 3 to 17 years earlier. Across 12 survey events, we detected 15 species of frogs and toads 555 times. We used a community occupancy model to estimate occupancy for multiple anurans and to examine associations between species occupancy for roadside ditches and the time since drainage ditch maintenance, amount of nearby mature forest cover, and metrics describing adjacent depressional wetlands. We predicted a quadratic relationship between both species richness and probability of occupancy for individual species with time since ditch maintenance because we hypothesized anurans would respond positively to intermediate vegetation structure and canopy cover when selecting calling and oviposition sites. Based on previous studies, we also predicted positive relationships between anuran occupancy and diversity with proportion of the surrounding landscape in mature forest or in depressional wetlands, and negative relationship with increasing distance to nearest wetland. Contrary to our prediction, we did not find evidence of a positive response (95% credible intervals included 0) by the community or individual species to time since ditch maintenance or the forest or wetland covariates, but we did observe a diverse assemblage of frogs and toads associated with roadside ditches in managed pine forest. Estimated richness ranged from 5.5 to 11.5 species/site and probabilities of occurrence ranged from 0.01 to 1.00 by species and site. Detection probabilities by species within a season ranged from 0 to 0.93 and were positively influenced by rainfall for several species and differed across months for many species. Our results indicate that reconfigured aquatic habitat types embedded in managed forests can support local and regional occupancy of anurans, but the current anuran community likely differs from what occurred historically.

The main factors determining the occurrence, abundance, growth and reproductive capacity of threatened lichens need to be known in order to implement conservation initiatives. The main objective of the present study was to evaluate which factors affect the conservation status of Degelia species-complex in central Spain. We undertook a non-parametric analysis to evaluate whether population sizes are larger in protected areas. We fitted generalized linear models (GLM) and mixed models (GLMMs) to analyze which variables are driving occurrence and abundance of Degelia, the thallus size and reproduction capacity. Results show that population sizes of Degelia are very variable, being larger in broad-leaved evergreen forests and inside protected areas. Tree characteristics play an important role in its local dynamics.

Land-use intensification is occurring worldwide and is impacting the delivery of multiple ecosystem services. We developed an approach to understand land-use change in relation to ecosystem services synergies and trade-offs at a national level. We test the proposed approach for Spain by mapping the spatial distribution of 14 high-resolution indicators with the aim to (a) facilitate a greater understanding of the spatial interactions among ecosystem services; (b) identify the hotspots of ecosystem service synergies and trade-offs; and (c) explain the ecosystem service synergies and trade-offs in relation to a land-use intensity gradient. Our results show how current land-use management in Spain is creating a landscape-level dichotomy between land-use intensification and protection (through the declaration of protected areas), which is having a clear negative effect on the conservation of essential ecosystem services. For example, we spatially identify where agricultural intensification is presenting a major trade-off with other ecosystem services. Finally, we discuss the urgent need for a new comprehensive model of landscape planning at a national scale that takes into account the complex interactions among ecosystem services and the establishment of a new governance body at national level regarding the management and conservation of ecosystem services.

In the middle of a political and fiscal crisis, the Brazilian government is applying successive budget cuts, including in science funding. Recent cuts radically affect research programs on biodiversity that are crucial components for the design and monitoring of public policies for nature conservation and sustainable development. We analyze the consequences of such cuts on the Research Program on Biodiversity (PPBio), the largest biodiversity research network in Brazil (626 researchers, nine networks in all Brazilian biomes). Brazil holds a substantial part of the world's biodiversity and of tropical forests that play a significant role for regional and global climate stability. If underfunding is maintained, the dismantling of the Brazilian PPBio will have consequences that go beyond biodiversity knowledge itself but affect society as a whole. Brazil will likely fail to reach the National Targets for Biodiversity 2011–2020, and it will be difficult to fulfill the restoration target of the Brazilian NDC and to advance with the sustainable development goals.

étude phytoécologique des aulnaies du nord-est algérien montre que ces habitats d’affinité septentrionale présentent une très grande richesse spécifique (> 400 espèces) et une structure complexe, qui plaident pour leur origine ancienne. Sur le plan phytosociologique, elles sont rattachées à deux syntaxons, le Campanulo alatae-Alnenion glutinosae (aulnaies riveraines) et le Rusco hypophylli-Alnetum glutinosae (aulnaies marécageuses). Leur état de dégradation et leur dynamique régressive, observées au cours des 14 années de l’étude, révèlent leur statut extrêmement précaire et leur déclin rapide sous l’influence de perturbations anthropiques incontrôlées (défrichement, incendies, drainage, pollution…). Au vu de leur importance écologique, historique et patrimoniale, les aulnaies de Numidie algérienne doivent rapidement faire l’objet de mesures de protection, dans le but d’assurer la pérennité des cortèges floristiques exceptionnels qui les constituent.

The establishment of protected areas is one of the most common environmental policy tools which can effectively contribute to landscape protection, biodiversity conservation, and ecosystem services provision. In this sense, the Brazilian Law on Native Vegetation Protection establishes the legal reserves, mandatory protected spaces within private rural lands, which seek to maintain and restore ecological functions and promote biodiversity conservation. This paper aims to present an approach that attempted to locate potential protected spaces, in the form of legal reserves, in the East Zone of Ribeirão Preto – a recharge zone of the Guarani Aquifer System. We made use of seven criteria to create five possible scenarios with varying priorities for native vegetation protection or restoration. Then, we used eight landscape metrics, as well as the level of compliance with the law, to discuss the viability of each scenario in terms of ecological thresholds and landscape indicators. We found only one scenario (the broader perspective on recovering the natural vegetation corridors) capable of meeting the ecological and legal requirements. We conclude that using less data-demanding methods, such as the one applied in this research, could be useful in assisting decision-making regarding the selection of areas for conservation or restoration.

This paper describes contemporary and historical interactions of medical belief and practice among the six ethnic groups of Nicaragua's Atlantic Coast—Mestizo, Creole, Miskitu, Sumu, Garifuna and Rama. The expansion of preventive medicine and primary care under the Sandanista-led government during the 1980s is presented, along with brief descriptions of counter-revolutionary attacks on the health care system. Traditional uses of medicinal plants and various forms of spiritual healing are then juxtaposed with the sporadic introduction of European and North American biomedicine throughout history. Next, the results of a health care survey carried out in 1990 are used to: (1) demonstrate the widespread use of the official health care system; and (2) show that traditional practices—use of herbal medicine, visits to spiritual healers, and home birth—are more prevalent among specific ethnic and socioeconomic strata of Nicaraguan Atlantic Coast society. Finally, I use these descriptions and survey results to argue for an understanding of health care behavior based on personal identity. I argue that a number of identities—ethnic, historical, political, socioeconomic and spatial (village, city, region or nation)—both situate and influence health care behavior, and thus mediate between the psychological and spiritual realms of illness and healing. Each individual chooses, variably and often subconsciously, to identify with any of a number these ‘imagined communities’ as he or she makes health care choices. These identity-influenced decisions are then manifested as specific health-related behaviors, forming the real-world data on which this argument is premised.

Reducing large-scale deforestation is a key objective of global efforts to mitigate climate change. An important debate concerns the levels of governance at which deforestation can be reduced effectively. Political economic theory and evidence suggests that national governments are more likely than subnational governments in agricultural frontiers to adopt restrictive forest conservation policies, due to differences in political constituencies and capacity. Here we examine the validity of this claim using an impact study of provincial-level land use planning in Argentina's main deforestation frontier, the Dry Chaco. In 2007, Argentina's provinces were obliged to define land use zoning for their native forests, but had considerable leeway in its implementation. We use data from 30,126 properties in the provinces of Salta, Santiago del Estero, and Chaco, and a rigorous counterfactual estimation strategy to quantify the extent to which adopted zoning plans affected deforestation. We find evidence that provincial-level land use zoning reduced deforestation in all three provinces, but not in all zones and periods. Differences in impact are associated with differences in the location of zones and the timing of planning. Our findings suggest that subnational governments can make important contributions to reducing large-scale deforestation in agricultural frontiers.

There are 36 species and subspecies of freshwater fish and three migratory species in Portugal. Eleven have been introduced, 13 are endemic to the Iberian Peninsula and two live exclusively in Portugal (Chondrostoma lusitanicum and Rutilus macrolepidotus). Industrica pollution and the introduction of exotic fish species are the most serious conservation problems for Portuguese endemic fish.

Dendroecological techniques were used to examine the disturbance history and patterns of species recruitment in an old-growth Quercus rubra L. (northern red oak)–Acer saccharum Marsh. (sugar maple)–Tilia americana L. (basswood) forest on a steep, talus slope in eastern West Virginia. The forest was uneven-aged as were the populations of red oak. Sugar maple dominated the sapling layer, which comprised little or no basswood and red oak. A compilation of major and moderate releases (indicative of disturbance) in 25 cores revealed single or multiple release events in every decade from 1870–1990. The high elevation of the forest coupled with a fertile sub-soil beneath the talus ameliorated the outwardly harsh conditions of the site, allowing for the domination of typically mesophytic, nutrient demanding tree species. We observed several fire scarred trees as well as extensive small-scale blow-down throughout the forest. Frequent disturbance events were probably crucial to the co-existence and continuous canopy recruitment of the relatively light demanding red oak with highly shade tolerant sugar maple and basswood. The strong successional replacement tendencies of red oak by northern hardwoods noted elsewhere in the eastern US may be less apparent on high elevation, rocky sites in the central Appalachians. Thus, this is a unique case study of long-term red oak domination with later successional species in an old-growth forest.

Condron, M.A. and Rabenhorst, M.C., 1994. Micromorphology of spodic horizons in a Psamment - Aquod toposequence on the Atlantic coastal plain of Maryland, U.S.A. In: A.J. Ringrose-Voase and G.S. Humphreys (Editors), Soil Micromorphology: Studies in Management and Genesis. Proc. IX Int. Working Meeting on Soil Micromorphology, Townsville, Australia, July 1992. Developments in Soil Science 22, Elsevier, Amsterdam, pp. 179–186.

This paper addresses the need for a simple model for managers to employ when planning strategies for management of sandy beaches. It is based on the premise that in the overwhelming majority of cases beaches are suitable for recreation or for conservation or a combination of the two, whereas other uses are rare. The broad range of physical, ecological and socio-economic factors relevant to beaches, are reviewed briefly. Then three key factors are selected to develop each of two simple indices, an index of conservation value, CI, based on dune state of health, the presence of iconic species and macrobenthic species richness; and an index of recreation potential, RI, based on the extent of infrastructure, the level of safety/health of the beach and its physical carrying capacity. By combining these two indices, a beach can be simply classified as suitable for intensive recreation, or primarily for conservation, or for mixed use. Ten principles are outlined for consideration and potential application to beach management strategies. Finally, 23 beaches from three continents are classified, with detailed descriptions of a beach typical of each major use type.

This paper presents a novel analytical framework to assess soil quality, incorporating bacterial community structure data derived from PCR-DGGE analysis into a principal component analysis, along with a total of 23 other physical, chemical, and biotic soil variables. This framework was applied to a slash-and-burn agricultural system in the Atlantic forest region of Rio de Janeiro. Cropped fields had significantly reduced soil aggregation indices and organic carbon contents, as well as increased impacts on their soil bacterial community structure, relative to forest fragments. The results demonstrate the applicability of the soil quality analytical framework proposed, and reveal that traditional shifting cultivation practices in the area studied are compatible with conservation of soil quality, provided that the fallow plots are maintained for periods longer than 5 years.

The eastern-central South American open vegetation biomes occur across an extensive range of environmental conditions and are organized diagonally including three complexly interacting tropical/sub-tropical biomes. Seasonally Dry Tropical Forests (SDTFs), Cerrado, and Chaco biomes are seasonally stressed by drought, characterized by significant plant and animal endemism, high levels of diversity, and highly endangered. However, these open biomes have been overlooked in biogeographic studies and conservation projects in South America, especially regarding fauna studies. Here I compile and evaluate the biogeographic hypotheses previously proposed for the diversification of these three major open biomes, specifically their distributions located eastern and southern of Andes. My goal is to generate predictions and provide a background for testable hypotheses. I begin by investigating both continental (inter-biome) and regional (within-biome) levels, and I then provide a biogeographical summary for these regions. I also suggest how novel molecular-based historical biogeographic/phylogeographic approaches could contribute to the resolution of long-standing questions, identify potential target fauna groups for development of these lines of study, and describe fertile future research agendas.

Past taxonomic treatments have classified Euterpe espiritosantensis as a synonym of E. edulis. However, both continue to be identified as two distinct species and are enumerated in the threatened species list. The goal of this study was to compare the reproductive biology of sympatric populations of these two morphs so as to identify morphological characters and mechanisms of reproductive isolation that could help to clarify species boundaries. Individuals of E. edulis and E. espiritosantensis show differences in size and duration of the peduncular bract, and differ in regard to inflorescence and immature fruit coloration. With an overlapping flowering period, but with distinctly different flowering peaks, the two taxa share the main visitors, viz. different Apidae and some Vespidae. Fruit and viable seeds are produced after self-, cross- and inter-specific cross-pollination in both morphs. Seed germination is significantly higher in E. edulis than in E. espiritosantensis. Differences in morphological and reproductive features suggest that these sympatric populations of two Euterpe morphs are to a reasonable degree reproductively isolated, which supports the recognition of E. espiritosantensis as a distinct species from E. edulis. The potential for hybridization does not reject the hypothesis of species distinctness, but points to a potential case of sympatric speciation that merits further investigations. Given that natural populations of Euterpe are nowadays fragmented and reduced in area of occurrence, retaining the high conservation status for E. espiritosantensis will help to safeguard this taxonomic entity under considerable threat.

Pioneer tree species exhibit life-cycle characteristics and population structures that are mainly affected by natural or human disturbances. In primary forests, demographic dynamics of pioneer species may resemble those defined for a metapopulation. In early successional forests, the patterns of establishment, survival and reproduction are mainly determined by microclimate and biota modifications of the site after the human disturbance. The aim of this study was to investigate how the ecological processes and the population genetic factors associated with disturbances can affect the genetic diversity and structure of populations of a pioneer tree species: Croton floribundus Spreng. (Euphorbiaceae). Nuclear and chloroplast microsatellite markers were examined in plants of two size classes sampled in four gaps of primary forest and four sub-areas of early successional forest. Despite presenting similar genetic diversity levels, the genetic diversity was distributed differently between forests. The combined effects of seed dispersal and colonizations (and extinctions) were determinants of the fine-scale genetic structure of C. floribundus. The main finding was that human disturbances seem to boost the influence of founder effects in populations of a species with limited seed dispersal. Results suggested that gene flow by pollen was responsible for maintaining the genetic diversity within populations of C. floribundus in both forests, but in the early successional forest, gene flow by seeds was equally important. We conclude that gap dynamics, colonization, and pollen and seed dispersal affect the genetic diversity and structure of the pioneer species depending mainly on the number of colonizers, the number of source populations, the gene flow rates, and the level of human disturbance.

Brown trout uses river flow and thermal regimens as main stimuli for initiating and maintaining behavioral reactions such as migration and spawning. Therefore, anthropogenic alterations on these factors may have strong impacts on its populations. The aim of this work is to understand these consequences by assessing potamodromous brown trout movements in the past and present, and to model future responses. For this, brown trout movements in a fishway in the Marin River (Bidasoa basin, Northern Iberian Peninsula) have been monitored from 2008 to 2017. Random forest regression has been used to assess the influence of environmental variables on brown trout movements and to model the response under hypothetical climatic and hydrological scenarios. Results show that brown trout uses the fishway during the whole year, with more upstream movements during the spawning season. The model is able to predict accurately the timing and number of migrants. Its use under hypothetical climate change and flow regulation scenarios shows a delay in the migration time. Therefore, modelling using large time series can be a powerful tool to define management and conservation strategies and prepare compensation measures for future scenarios.

Forest fragmentation constitutes one of the main consequences of land cover change worldwide. Through this process gaps in habitat coverage are created and the ability of populations in the remaining fragments to maintain themselves is put in doubt. Hence, two options need to be considered: conserving the remaining forest fragments, and restoring habitat in some deforested patches with the aim of reestablishing the connections among the fragments. We established a mathematical index (SIR) that describes the suitability of individual habitat patches for restoration within a landscape. The index considers classes of distances among fragments and categories of habitat quality in the areas surrounding the fragments to assess habitat quality in terms of probability of dispersal and survival of propagules (especially seeds and cutting). In the present study, we created detailed maps depicting SIR values for two periods (1988 and 2011) for Sorocaba region (São Paulo State, Brazil). We derived land cover maps from satellite images for the two years of our study, and then surveyed the transition of land cover categories and landscape metrics between years. A model for the SIR was created using a map of distance classes among fragments and also a map of habitat quality established according to each land cover category. For both 1988 and 2011, pasture was the predominant land cover category. The main land cover transitions were from pasture to urban (10.6%) and from pasture to forest fragments (13.4%). Although the land cover class “wood sites” increased, the data of SIR revealed that the areas of habitat categorized as excellent and good both decreased, while habitat classes categorized as poor and very poor increased. Our model has the potential to be applied to other regions where the forest is fragmented. Hence, local policy makers will be able to use this model to determine local patches of high value for conservation and also the most ideal locations for restoration projects.

Global demand for minerals is often considered an insignificant driver of land-use change because mines are small. We (1) investigated evidence supporting a link between global demand for steel and land-use change in Brazil's Iron Quadrangle, and (2) quantified the extent of land-use change and associated impacts on native vegetation. Historic land-use change was quantified using Landsat TM, relationships between demand for steel and land-use change were investigated using a simple linear model, and future scenarios were simulated using a calibrated land-use change model. Results support our hypothesis that global demand for steel drives extensive land-use change in the Iron Quadrangle, where increased steel production was correlated with increased iron ore production and mine expansion, and with increased charcoal production and plantation expansion. The direct impacts of mining on native vegetation were disproportionate to their relatively small spatial extent, while direct impacts of plantations were spatially extensive, as were their impacts on surrounding native vegetation. Additionally, evidence of two indirect impacts emerged during 1990–2010. Plantation expansion decreased native forest regrowth, while competition for land between mining companies and urban developers increased deforestation pressures. In combination, global demand for steel affected the majority of land in the Iron Quadrangle; however, many impacts were poorly captured by current land management approaches. Similar processes may operate in other mining regions, where global demand for minerals drives production of multiple resources (non-renewable and renewable) and thus extensive land-use change.

Moroccan agriculture is characterized by the co-existence of both modern and smallholder traditional agriculture. Both types of agriculture are under degradative processes due to mis-use of tillage implements, mis-management of crop residues and inappropriate links between grain and livestock productions. From the research conducted over the last three decades, the vast majority of beneficial tillage effects are transient. Conversely, the harmful effects of conventional tillage (CT) systems are long-lasting, if not permanent. The present paper aims at evaluating major achievements in conservation or no-tillage agriculture (CA or NT) research conducted in dry areas of Morocco and presenting important ways to implement these achievements within the Moroccan rural society. CA has been introduced in response to issues of soil conservation, drought mitigation and soil quality management. NT systems have resulted in reduced soil erosion, greater soil water conservation, improved soil quality and stable and higher crop yields. Changes in crop production practices due to shifting to NT or CA systems and retention of crop residues at or near the surface produced progressive qualitative and quantitative variations in soil organic matter. This can allow agriculture to contribute to country's efforts to reduce and control greenhouse gas emissions. These effects benefited both farmers and society in terms of higher returns and efficiencies. Under NT, benefits from improved agriculture's environmental performance must be added to remunerations of reducing costs of production and improving well-being of farmers. The other strong benefits that CA brings come from the opportunity for early sowing and savings in time, machinery and fuel. Even though, many agronomic, socio-economic and environmental benefits accrue from NT and increasing crop diversity; lack of incentives from the government and social factors encourage the continued use of CT systems. CA systems were sufficiently tested in research stations but found limited adoption in farm communities. The shift in the late nineties to more on-farm research did not result in the envisaged breakthroughs, mainly due to poor research-extension linkages and several social and technical barriers. Consequently, in order to realize durable agricultural growth, there is a huge challenge to out- and up-scale CA in Morocco through linkage of all stakeholders (farmers, developers, researchers, industrials and policy makers). This paper fulfills information gaps and presents a thorough discussion on constraints to CA adoption as well.

In tropical Latin America, pasture land for extensive grazing continues to expand, mostly at the expense of forest cover. Until now, scientists and policy makers tackling this issue had no geographically exhaustive information at the continental level about the spatial dynamics of this process. On the basis of a land use change-modeling framework we made a projection of potential land use changes for the year 2010.The chosen modeling framework incorporates a number of essential aspects of the complexity of land use change, such as the interrelation of spatial and temporal dynamics, land use history and scale dependence. The model was provided with up-to-date, continent wide, detailed information on present land use and its location factors, selected on the basis of literature. Model inputs were established in collaboration with experts from the region.Significant statistical relations were obtained that describe land use patterns in sub-regions, giving insights into the deforestation process and its location factors. Combined with decision rules and quantitative estimates of land use change, “hot spots” of forest to pasture and crop land conversion were projected. The results envisage a predominant replacement of forest by pasture. Substantially different trends among countries are predicted, both concerning the spatial patterns of deforestation and the substitution trends between land uses. The hot spot maps also show sensitive biological areas that may be at risk.The resulting continent wide map of projected change shall help to target policy attention and measures. It also provides a context to the numerous undergoing deforestation case studies. Finally, it is proposed that the study's results be considered in the priority setting of future research on the causes of deforestation.

The conservation of fish and fish communities has received little attention relative to other vertebrates. Yet across Eurasia and North America, numerous important stocks of various fish species have been eliminated and there are now thousands of lakes and rivers which are fishless or possess only degraded communities. The main problems are caused by engineering works, industrial and domestic pollution, acidification, fishing and fishery management, and land use practices. The major conservation objective, perhaps fortified by legislation, must be habitat restoration and management, but short-term programmes can usefully involve translocations, captive breeding and cryopreservation. Fish conservation programmes are needed in every country in order to rescue endangered species and reverse the downward trends facing important fish communities by managing the lake and river systems concerned.

We conducted a diagnosis of the environmental management system of the Brazilian auto parts industry, using the LIFE certification methodology (lasting initiative for earth) as a diagnostic tool. This certification recognizes enterprises that develop conservation actions for biodiversity for the purpose of minimizing and/or mitigating their own negative impact on the environment. Through this method, it was possible to quantify and qualify the environmental impact and investigate the existence of conservation actions, as well as evaluate them quantitatively and qualitatively. Therefore, we used this methodology to demonstrate its potential as an economic instrument of environmental management through its application within an EMS certified to the ISO 14001 series. It was shown that there are many benefits of using sustainable environmental resources (possibility to return to ISE-Corporate Sustainability Index-Bovespa) and for the final disposal of waste from production. The main results indicated that the LIFE methodology allows companies to incorporate actions to biodiversity conservation transversally into their EMSs, which can increase the efficiency of enterprise management. We believe that the use of this management model by other companies will enable the intensification of conservation actions in protected areas in their regions.

Land-use land-cover (LULC) changes are one of the major threats to biodiversity worldwide, since their principal consequences are the loss, fragmentation or degradation of the habitat available for most species. Therefore, in order to provide guidelines for environmental management at the regional scale and thus reverse the trend in degradation, transformations of natural remnants into anthropogenic land uses must be identified and quantified. This study examines LULC transitions from 1987 to 2001 and from 2001 to 2009 in two adjacent watersheds located in the Espinal, one of the least protected ecoregions of Argentina. We detected a 20% loss in ecosystems for the period analyzed and, in particular, 60% of native forests were lost. Changes were mainly driven by the expansion of croplands, which directly transformed wetlands and also acted as an underlying cause of the displacement of ranching activities, which in turn replaced Espinal forests. We developed a conceptual model of observed LULC changes for the study area, which we then complemented by proposing an alternative scenario that reconciles agriculture and biodiversity conservation. These results have implications for provincial land use planning and could contribute to the participatory processes demanded by the recent national legislation sanctioned for the protection of native forests.

This paper introduces a fuzzy rule-based model to estimate runoff in a tropical watershed using the Soil Conservation Service Curve Number model. The data used were collected within a tropical watershed covered by Atlantic forest and pasture and involved map compilation, ASTER multispectral data processing and fieldwork. The computer models were developed using the PCRaster Environmental Modeling Language. Fuzzy theory allowed the mathematical modeling in zones of imprecision and/or uncertainties as fuzzy theory considers the transition zones among geo-objects. The evaluation of runoff derived from fuzzy and boolean methods demonstrated that the former provided calculated runoff closer to the measured runoff in the watershed, confirming the suitability of the fuzzy theory in modeling natural phenomena.

Projects focusing on the restoration of degraded ecosystems have to be financially appealing, spatially multi-scaled, and ecologically efficient. Considering such premises, a model was elaborated to assess the locals in relation to the kind of management to be adopted (conservation or restoration) and, for locals indicated for restoration, the kind of restoration to be adopted (assisted or passive). Furthermore, we propose a set of ecologically-based alternatives at medium- and local-scale to assist the restoration of areas considered unsuitable for passive restoration. Such techniques are: install artificial connectors among forest fragments near each other, or, for areas where forest fragments are far each other, install nucleation techniques, revitalization of concrete-lined urban rivers, and the control of erosion and invasive plant species. We tested the potential of our model through a case study carried out in Sorocaba, Sao Paulo State, Brazil. The study area is predominantly occupied by pasture lands, but urbanization also is an important land cover category. There are 661 forest fragments, being 25 of them larger than 50 ha. From the area considered “non-habitat”, i.e., modified due to human usage, 35.5% of the total study area and 45.5% of the study area classified as non-habitat is suitable for passive restoration, and the rest of the area needs is suitable only for assisted restoration techniques. We verified that the facility and low cost of installation are advantageous features of such techniques and the results obtained by mean of application of the assisted techniques indicate that the alternatives tend to accelerate the process of establishing connectivity of the landscape in locals devoid of connections.

The southeastern United States is a global hotspot for aquatic biodiversity but has relatively little land under protection. To guide conservation investment in this region, we developed a prioritization of watersheds to highlight areas of exceptional conservation potential. Using range maps for 1043 fish, mussel, and crayfish species derived from museum and research collections as well as state natural heritage databases, we derived a conservation priority score for each watershed that incorporates biodiversity, endemism, and imperilment. The highest-scoring watersheds are primarily in the Middle Tennessee River and eastern Mobile River systems. On average, only 1.5% of the area of the top-scoring watersheds is currently protected. Further, average federal spending under the Endangered Species Act is 2.1–46.6 times greater on aquatic species found outside the region than on southeastern endemics. These results provide the foundation for systematic freshwater conservation planning in the Southeast and argue for increased investment in innovative preservation strategies in this globally significant region.

Orthophosphate (PO4) is the most bioavailable form of phosphorus (P). Excess PO4 may cause harmful algal blooms in aquatic ecosystems. A major restoration effort is underway for Chesapeake Bay (CB) to reduce P, nitrogen, and sediment loading to CB. Although PO4 cycling and delivery to streams has been characterized in small-scale studies, regional drivers of PO4 patterns remain poorly understood because most water quality trend assessment focus on total P. Moreover, these trend assessments are usually at an annual timestep. To address this research gap, we analyzed PO4 patterns over a 9-year period at 53 monitoring stations across the CB watershed to: 1) characterize the role of PO4 in total P fluxes and trends; 2) describe spatial and temporal patterns of PO4 concentrations across seasons and streamflow; and 3) explore factors explaining these patterns. Agricultural watersheds exported the most total P compared with watersheds under different land uses (e.g., urban or forest), with PO4 comprising up to 50% of those exports. Although PO4 exports are declining at many sites, some agricultural regions are experiencing increasing trends at a rate sufficient to drive total P trends. Regression modeling results suggest that point source load reductions are likely responsible for decreasing PO4 concentrations observed at many sites. Watersheds with more Conservation Reserve Program enrollment had lower summer PO4 concentrations, highlighting the effectiveness of this practice. Manure inputs strongly predicted PO4 concentrations at high flows across all seasons. Both manure applications and conservation tillage were correlated with changes in PO4 concentrations at high flow, suggesting these activities could contribute to increasing PO4 concentrations. This study highlights the effectiveness of point source control for reducing PO4 exports and underscores the need for management strategies to target sources, practices, and landscape factors determining PO4 loss from soils where manure inputs remain high.

The definition of priority areas for the conservation of fish faunas is still relatively incipient in comparison with efforts for the protection of terrestrial systems, despite the fact that fishes are the group of organisms most affected by anthropogenic impacts. Given the lack of adequate management in the most important sectors of the Amazon Estuary, the objectives of the present study were to identify priority areas for conservation, based on the analysis of ecological and economic criteria, and indices referencing the fish fauna, integrated in a GIS environment. This was the first application of a methodological approach of this kind to the Amazon Estuary. Fish specimens were collected in the main channel and tidal creeks of the southern Amazon Estuary – Guajará and Marajó Bays and the mouth of the Guamá River and associated islands – between 2004 and 2011, during both the dry (July to December) and rainy seasons (January to June), using gillnets and trawls. A total of 14 ecological and fishery criteria were grouped in five indices – environmental quality and diversity, habitat use, fishery index, and relative abundance (CPUE). Maps were produced, based on different scenarios for the conservation of the fish fauna of the study area. Medium to high conservation priorities were defined by all the indices throughout the study area. The scenarios indicated that the northern portion of Marajó Bay and all sectors during the dry season present medium to very high priorities for conservation.

The ForSVA (forest soil-vegetation-atmosphere) model of the preceding paper was used for simulating biomass growth and nutrient cycling (Ca, Mg, K, N, S) in three northern tolerant hardwood sites in eastern North-America: one north of Lake Superior (Turkey Lakes site), one in the Harp Lake watershed near Dorset, Ontario, and one in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State (Huntington Forest). The basic model calibration was done for the Turkey Lakes site. Model performance testing, as well as testing the general portability of the model formulation beyond that which is valid for the initial calibration site, was done with the other two sites. Model simulations included the evaluation of biomass and nutrient contents of all major stand compartments (foliage, fine roots, wood including bark and coarse roots, forest floor, ion exchange complex, soil solution, soil matrix within the rooting zone) over several tree life cycles, or stand cycles. Also addressed were carbon and nutrient flows into and out of these compartments in conjunction with the potential impacts of acidifying atmospheric ion deposition (SO2−4, NO−3, NH+4, H+). It was found that current atmospheric deposition rates of soil acidifying ions should increase the leaching of nutrient base cations (Ca2+, Mg2+, K+) from each of the 3 sites. The corresponding decrease in base cation availability should also lead to a decrease in soil pH, a decrease in base cation uptake, a decrease in foliar base cation concentrations, and a decrease in biomass growth. The latter would occur once the base cation availability, as calculated, becomes growth limiting. Altogether, stand-level biomass productivity was calculated to decrease under current acid sulphate/nitrate loads, and this decrease reduced the calculated longevity of the trees within the stands. The decrease in productivity under current atmospheric deposition rates would be the highest at the Harp Lake site (site of high SO2−4 deposition with low number of cation exchange sites in the soil) and the lowest at the Huntington Forest site (site of low SO2−4 deposition). Major uncertainties in this modelling effort relate to (1) actual relationships between foliar nutrient concentrations and nutrient availability, (2) the influence of foliar nutrient concentrations on productivity, (3) the rate of base cation replenishment on the cation exchange sites in soils.

ccurate and ecologically meaningful characterisation of reference conditions is a fundamental premise of restoration ecology. Restoration practice and research commonly define reference conditions in terms of compositional and structural elements. We propose a “process-centred” framework that places central emphasis on ecological functions and ecosystem processes. A wide variety of processes is central to the functioning and dynamics of ecological systems, and can be placed at the foundation of restoration research and practice. A process-centred approach allows the definition of “reference dynamics”, where spatial and temporal variability and underlying mechanisms of change are primary. We illustrate this approach using a 303-yr reconstruction of the natural surface fire regime to guide restoration of a Pinus ponderosa forest in the Jemez Mountains of southwestern North America. Fire occurrence varied over space and time during the period of record, with ecologically significant variation in fire intervals (yr fire−1) governed by process–structure interactions. We defined a variety of reference variables for reintroduction of fire as the keystone ecological process, along with related structural variation. A process-centered approach and the reference dynamics paradigm can replace a more static concept of reference conditions in defining restoration baselines and provide an improved standard of comparison for restoration ecology.

Butterflies and burnet moths are a suitable model species group with which to analyse the general decline of invertebrate biodiversity over the last few decades. In this study, we analysed which ecological groups of butterflies and burnet moths are most affected and how the recent modifications of the landscape have influenced them. Therefore, we studied the species composition of seven calcareous grassland remnants in south-western Germany in 1972 and 2001. We observed a strong change in the community composition and a severe decline in species richness. In general, the incidence of the autochthonous non-ubiquitous species declined by more than 50%, whereas ubiquitous species showed no significant difference in numbers during this period. Especially affected by the decline were those species which need structured habitats, those which are poor dispersers, species which need habitat sizes of 16 ha and more, monophagous species, K strategists and Red Data Book species. Most probably, either habitat outside the reserves is affecting dynamics within the reserves or loss of habitat outside the protected areas has reduced the overall area and connectivity of habitat for some species, increasing extinction rates and reducing colonisation rates in metapopulations. We conclude that these negative trends can only be stopped or even reversed if the landscape structure is made less hostile for species with conservation interest.

Trees dispersed in pastures are a prominent feature of many Central American landscapes, particularly in cattle producing regions where farmers retain trees to serve as shade, fodder, timber and firewood. The presence of dispersed trees in pastures is often considered as important for the conservation of biodiversity by providing habitat and enhancing landscape connectivity. However, despite their critical productive and environmental roles, little is known about tree distribution within pastures or how farmers’ management decisions influence the trees themselves and their impact on farm productivity and biodiversity conservation. Here, we present a synthesis of (a) the abundance, composition, and size of dispersed trees in four important cattle producing regions of Costa Rica (Caňas and Río Frío) and Nicaragua (Rivas and Matiguás), based on inventory of 18,669 trees on 1492 ha of pasture, (b) the local knowledge, management and use of trees by cattle farmers, and (c) opportunities for ensuring sustainable management of dispersed trees in pasture-dominated landscapes. Dispersed trees were common in all four landscapes, with mean frequency ranging from 8.0 trees ha−1 in Caňas to 33.4 trees ha−1 in Matiguás. A total of 255 tree species were found in pastures across the four landscapes. The total number of tree species per landscape varied from 72 in Rivas to 101 in Caňas and Rio Frio, with mean species richness per farm ranging from 22.9 in Rio Frio to 45.9 in Matiguás. In all four landscapes, a handful of tree species dominated the pastures, with the ten most abundant species in each landscape accounting for >70% of all trees recorded. Most of these common tree species provide fruits or foliage eaten by cattle, or are important timber or firewood species, and are deliberately retained by farmers for these uses. In all four landscapes, farmers had a detailed knowledge of tree attributes affecting pasture and animal productivity, and influenced tree cover through pasture management activities and occasional tree cutting. Current farm management practices are gradually decreasing the diversity of trees in pastures, and in some cases also tree density, reducing their contribution to farm productivity and biodiversity conservation. To reverse this trend, incentives are required to encourage cattle farmers to retain and enhance tree cover in pastures, through the adoption of pasture management practices that favor the regeneration and persistence of a diverse range of tree species.

The whip-like gorgonian Viminella flagellum (Alcyonacea, Ellisellidae) has an Atlantic-Mediterranean distribution. In Italian seas, the species is a common component of deep-sea rocky environments from the north-western Mediterranean area to the Strait of Sicily.V. flagellum grows in deep habitats, sometimes outlining the environment with dense forests. This work describes its habitat in an area in the southeastern Sardinian waters (central-western Mediterranean Sea), where a dense forest of the species was found. The specimens were filmed and photographed between 120 and 260 m depth with a Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV).High-resolution multibeam echosounder (MBES) bathymetry data of the area were acquired and morphometric parameters were derived. These parameters were assumed to be relevant for the distribution of the whip-like gorgonians and were used in an Ecological Niche Factor Analysis (ENFA) to explore the niche and habitat preference of the target species. In order to identify which Eco-geographical variables are useful to predict coral distribution, we used the Maximum Entropy model (MaxEnt). Our results gave a first description of the habitat preference of V. flagellum. Specimens were found in a distinctive habitat, with respect to the overall features of the entire studied area which was characterised by a marked slope in a simple rocky seabed system, within a water depth range of 125–150 m.

The soils of montane cloud forests (MCF) are still insufficiently studied. A number of researchers report Podzols to be the main soil group for MCF ecosystems; however, a great deal of contradictory data exists. We studied an altitudinal sequence of soils formed on ferrous chlorite shale under natural MCF vegetation in Sierra Juárez, Southern Mexico, from 1500 to 2500 m asl. The soils of the upper part of the toposequence were Folic Stagnic Podzols, with inclusions of Folic Stagnosols in local depressions, while the soils of the lower part of the toposequence were Folic Cambisols (Humic, Hyperdystric). All the soils in the toposequence were extremely acid, and had thick organic surface horizon. Mineral horizons of all soils were poor both in exchangeable and total reserves of bases; the bases were concentrated mainly in organic topsoil. With decreasing altitude both the thickness of albic horizons, the depth of the maximum acid oxalate-extractable Fe and Al concentrations, and the difference in clay content between the eluvial and illuvial horizons decreased. In the upper part of the toposequence the composition of soil clays was similar to that of parent material (chlorite and mica), with some mixed-layered 2:1 minerals. However, gibbsite and kaolinite were also present in the soils of the other site within the same upper MCF belt. The phenomenon was ascribed to parent material heterogenity. In the medium and lower parts of the toposequence gibbsite and kaolinite were the dominant minerals. We consider that the main pedogenic processes in the study area are raw humus accumulation, weathering in situ, podzolization, and iron reduction due to water stagnation in mineral topsoil. The intensity of weathering decreases, while the extent of water stagnation increases with altitude. To a great extent the genesis and altitudinal distribution of the soils in the MCF depends on parent material.

The European river lamprey, Lampetra fluviatilis (L.), and the European brook lamprey, Lampetra planeri (Bloch, 1784), are considered highly threatened in Portugal. However, the lack of information about the ecology and distribution of these species poses difficulties to the identification of concrete actions directed to their conservation. A total of 401 sampling sites, randomly distributed throughout the entire Portuguese mainland territory were selected, and Lampetra sp. ammocoetes presence or absence checked with electrofishing. These data, together with 11 macrohabitat predictors, were analyzed using Boosted Regression Trees (BRTs). The BRT models consistently identified five environmental variables as the most important for predicting the distribution of European brook and river lamprey ammocoetes: altitude, distance to coast, sand, maximum temperature of the warmest month and precipitation of the driest month. The relationships of these variables with the species probability of occurrence suggest that lampreys occur in low altitude river stretches (<170 m), relatively close to the coast (<150 km) and with a sandy substrate (>70% sand). In addition, intermediate values of temperature and precipitation were also found to have a positive correlation with the species occurrence. A map with the probability of occurrence of Lampetra sp. in Portugal was generated and stretches of rivers were delimited with different conservation priorities. Rivers classified with the highest level of conservation priority were considered to be proposed as Special Areas of Conservation, under the Natura 2000 Networking Programme.

Evaluation of the effectiveness of protected areas networks for conserving diversity is a demanding topic in biological conservation. In the last few years, there has been an increasing number of studies on species distribution modelling which can be easily used to test the efficiency of reserve networks. Unfortunately, this effort has been focused on the so called charismatic species. Our main goal is to test the effectiveness of the Natura 2000 network by using non-charismatic species. We determined potential distribution patterns for 18 lichen species in Spain and evaluated the effectiveness of the Natura 2000 network in protecting them. Models were implemented with ENFA (Ecological-Niche Factor Analysis) because this modelling approach only requires presence data since the reliability of absence data is really poor. Habitat suitability maps were obtained and high suitability areas were characterised using ten environmental predictors. Maps of areas of high suitability were overlaid with the Natura 2000 network cover, considering the different biogeographical regions present in mainland Spain. The effectiveness of the Natura 2000 was quite low in most species. The analysis per region showed that Mediterranean lichen species growing in forests are better protected than species found in coastal, drier and warmer areas. Our results indicate that the Natura 2000 network, a protection system based on vascular plants, does not guarantee the protection of Mediterranean lichen species. Thus, this type of gap analysis and especially the inclusion of “non-charismatic” organisms such as lichens should be considered in studies to define protected areas.

This article takes the opportunity of the recent establishment of two large and remote marine protected areas (MPAs) in Brazilian jurisdictional waters to discuss the role played by large-scale MPAs and their impacts to achieve international goals. After the launching of the Aichi Biodiversity Targets in 2010, especially Target 11, which concerns marine areas, some coastal states have created large-scale MPAs as a way of attaining a numerical target, though not necessarily fulfilling other ecosystem commitments. Brazil is the most recent example of this strategy through the establishment of MPAs that seem primarily concerned with international goals rather than effective biodiversity protection. Since the management of these protected areas will be shared between a technical body (Chico Mendes Institute for Biodiversity Conservation) and the Navy, and only a small portion of which will have similar status to “no-take” zone, the new MPAs can hardly be identified as being strongly committed to the marine environment protection. The article ends with some suggestions for improving biodiversity conservation in the Brazilian large-scale MPAs.

Reconstructions of late Quaternary paleohydrology are rare from the U.S. Atlantic coastal plain (ACP). Here we present compound-specific hydrogen (δ2Halkane) and carbon (δ13Calkane) isotope analyses of terrestrially-derived n-alkanes from Jones Lake and Singletary Lake in eastern North Carolina spanning the last ∼50,000 years. Combined with pollen, charcoal, and bulk geochemical analyses, the δ2Halkane data indicate arid conditions during the late-Pleistocene, but differing edaphic conditions at the sites perhaps related to differing water table depths. The δ13Calkane data indicate a significant C4 plant component during the late Pleistocene, but other proxies indicate a sparsely-vegetated landscape. The Pleistocene-Holocene transition is marked by rapid fluctuations in δ2Halkane values that are similar to the patterns of Bølling Allerød and Younger Dryas isotope data from Greenland indicating sensitivity of the regional climate to short-lived, high-amplitude climatic events. The δ2Halkane data indicate a mesic early Holocene that supported colonization by Quercus-dominated ecosystems. Evidence of middle Holocene aridity in eastern Tennessee and western North Carolina contrasts with evidence of mesic conditions on the ACP, a geographic pattern similar to modern teleconnected precipitation responses to the Pacific Decadal Oscillation. A transition to Pinus-dominated ecosystems ∼5500 cal yr B.P. is accompanied by a large increase charcoal, but is not coincident with any large changes in δ2Halkane values, indicating that hydrologic change was likely not responsible for sustained late-Holocene dominance of Pinus. The lack of a change in middle Holocene hydrology and the spatiotemporally heterogeneous nature of the Quercus-Pinus transition on the ACP indicate prehistoric anthropogenic land management practices may represent the most parsimonious explanation for the regionally pervasive ecological change.

The western region of São Paulo state, Brazil, became one of several sites of global cotton production during the first half of the twentieth century in response to increased global demand and fears of cotton shortages. The cotton boom tapped a ‘forest rent’ that helped Brazil rise to become the largest producer in Latin America, providing both export revenue and critical raw material to a growing industrial economy that would become the largest in South America. This paper uses an organizational and institutional perspective to analyze causes and effects of the mid-century cotton boom that centered on São Paulo state. Organizations and institutions relating to cotton production are considered using oral histories, judicial documents, agronomic texts, and the sediment record in small catchments as empirical evidence. The state dramatically reformed some organizations to provide the key inputs to cotton production, while most contemporary observers ignored institutions, such as sharecropping and tenant farming, that supported cotton. São Paulo's institutions and organizations were characterized by the borrowing and adaptation of existing labor institutions, the creation of new state organizations that subsidized elite producers, and the weak development of institutions or organizations in response to soil fertility issues and labor supply.

The Balkan Peninsula is one of the largest and most important European glacial refugia. However, the evolutionary history and phylogeographic pattern of temperate tree species that survived in the Balkans glacial refugia and their contribution to the genetic structure of the current population in the Carpathian Mountains remains poorly understood.Using polymerase chain reaction - restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP), and extensive population sampling, we explored the phylogeographic pattern of Carpinus betulus in both the Balkan Peninsula and the Carpathian region. We aimed to determine the locations of potential glacial refugia, in order to delineate post-glacial colonization routes, and also to test if northern cryptic refugia had persisted during the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM).Our results provide strong support for the existence of multiple refugia similar to the ‘refugia-within-refugia’ scenario, which would suggest that Carpinus betulus has experienced a complex evolutionary history.In agreement with pollen data, our findings corroborate with previous hypotheses suggesting that hornbeam has a distinct postglacial evolution in the southeast of Europe (Carpathians and Balkan Peninsula) compared with that in Western Europe.Three postglacial re-colonization routes, from three distinct effective glacial refugia: (1) the Dinaric Alps; (2) the Pirin and Rhodope Mountains and (3) the Strandzha Mountains, were detected within the Balkan Peninsula. The pattern of cpDNA haplotypes distribution across the Ukrainian Carpathians revealed a “suture zone”, which is a consequence of contact due to postglacial re-colonization between hornbeam populations originating from all three effective glacial refugia.The peculiar haplotype geographical structure found in C. betulus and the identified multiple glacial refugia in the Balkans may have direct consequences in the management and conservation of hornbeam forest genetic resources.

In 1989, the opportunity was identified to create a botanical map series which could be used by authorities to make informed decisions and which would highlight the potential impact significance of proposed coastal developments on affected plant community types. In the past, vegetation impact assessments were conducted on a site specific basis and usually included community descriptions and species lists, which contributed little towards objective decision making. Impact significance at a broader, more meaningful spatial scale, for example biogeographical regions, was rarely established.Based on the needs and the recognised problems, the CSIR developed a protocol for coastal vegetation mapping which included the following:1.Simplification of the phytosociological complexity by recognising community types rather than communities as the phytosociological units;2.Development of simple algorithm to determine a relative conservation importance hierarchy for the community types. Variables which are considered to be important for determining conservation importance are used in the algorithm;3.Creation of a standard colour code to represent relative botanical importance for easy interpretation by non-experts;4.Division of an approximately 1 km wide strip of the South African coastline into biogeographical regions so that botanical importance could be established initially at an ecologically meaningful spatial scale;5.The use of recent, 1:10000 colour aerial photography as a baseline for all mapping and the standardisation of the mapping scale at 1:10000, based on the orthophoto map series, which is a recognised planning scale and which is adequate to identify and map community types;6.The use of a Geographic Information System to capture and store the vegetation data and to produce high quality maps.The benefits of the vegetation maps are that better decisions can be made with respect to the assessment of the significance of potential development impacts on coastal vegetation. Also, where vegetation importance is a key issue, this is recognised early in the decision making process. The strategy used to express relative botanical conservation importance has greatly facilitated the capability to perform objective first level assessments of potential development impact significance on coastal vegetation.

A new palaeoecological sequence from the western Iberian Central Range significantly contributes to the knowledge on the Holocene vegetation dynamics in central Iberia. This sequence supports the existence of time-transgressive changes in the vegetation cover during the beginning of the Holocene over these central Iberian mountains, specifically the replacement of boreal birch–pine forests with Mediterranean communities. Anthracological analyses also indicate the replacement of boreal pines (Pinus sylvestris) with Mediterranean ones (Pinus pinaster) during the early Holocene. The observed vegetation changes were generally synchronous with climatic phases previously reconstructed for the western Mediterranean region, and they suggest that the climatic trends were most similar to those recorded in the northern Mediterranean region and central Europe. Several cycles of secondary succession after fire ending with the recovery of mature forest have been identified, which demonstrates that the vegetation of western Iberia was highly resilient to fire disturbance. However, when the recurrence of fire crossed a certain threshold, the original forests were not able to completely recover and shrublands and grasslands became dominant; this occurred approximately 5800–5400 cal yr BP. Afterwards, heathlands established as the dominant vegetation, which were maintained by frequent and severe wildfires most likely associated with human activities in a climatic framework that was less suitable for temperate trees. Finally, our palaeoecological record provides guidelines on how to manage protected areas in Mediterranean mountains of southwestern Europe, especially regarding the conservation and restoration of temperate communities that are threatened there such as birch stands.

The political boundaries used to territorialize ocean spaces are often negotiated as largely social relations, with little attention to material aspects. Material aspects of ocean spaces include physical forces, interacting life, and constant transformation. In this paper, we use Steinberg and Peters' (2015) “wet ontology” and concepts of the hydrosphere, liquidity, dynamism, and emergence to reflect on how the Sargasso Sea was located in geographic space through analysis of scientific data that revealed its complex materiality. Drawing from policy documents, white papers, presentations, and 14 semi-structured interviews with scientists, government officials, and NGO representatives, we then trace how the Sargasso Sea Alliance produced the linear boundaries that define the Sargasso Sea as an Ecologically and Biologically Significant Marine Area and, later, as an area for international collaboration on its conservation. Although the data used to locate the Sargasso Sea demonstrated its mobility and complexity, policymaking processes calling for legible boundaries produced a simplified and fixed Sargasso Sea that obscures its “wet” materiality. This ‘fixed’ Sargasso Sea was created, in part, to test the potential of existing high seas governing bodies in the lead-up to current negotiations for an international legally-binding instrument for high seas governance; this case thus demonstrates how the social relations that construct existing understandings of territory in oceans may continue to dictate policy options, even as new, more dynamic management techniques are developed. We conclude with a discussion of emerging governance possibilities that may better address and account for the entangled material and social realities of oceans.

Functional connectivity, which represents the animal movement responses to landscape elements, should be considered when configuring protected areas. Each habitat patch has a different contribution to functional connectivity. Functional connectivity can be accessed through the Integral Index of Connectivity (IIC), which considers the habitat patch size, the amount of flux arriving to that patch, and the topological position of the patch within the habitat patch network. These four measures can be used as distinct criteria of functional connectivity to prioritise habitat patches. We analyzed how the spatial patterns of habitat patches varied according to these criteria. For each criterion, we ranked all habitat patches within five levels of importance, and identified whether priority habitat patches are protected. We found a positive relationship between the level of importance and the presence of core areas and corridors. Stepping stones presented the opposite relationship. For each criterion, only the highest levels of importance presented more core areas than connector areas (corridors and stepping stones). In the higher level of importance, core areas are mostly under strictly protected areas (IUCN categories I–IV), while connector areas are under the less restrictive category of sustainable use protected areas (SUAs, IUCN category V). Brazilian decision makers must consider the opportunity to protect connector areas under restrictive SUAs categories, such as Private Natural Heritage Reserve (IUCN category IV). Combine IIC and spatial patterns of habitat patches proved to be helpful to identify priority habitat patches for conservation and to indicate which class/category of protected areas should be established.

Beech forests are local in Spain and have several species at the southern limit of their range. The area studied, in the Valdeon Valley, extends to 1456 ha and is one of the largest in the area. It is considered important for flowering plants, birds, mammals and butterflies although other taxonomic groups have not been considered. It has been subject to light traditional management in the past but this has not damaged its ecological interest. A survey of 140 quadrats on several transects was ordinated and has revealed five main forest types, two of which are associated with streamsides. The others are mostly high forest on acid soils. These groups have been characterised in environmental terms (soil reaction, light, soil moisture, waterlogging and disturbance).The stands are generally uneven-aged with trees of 160–170 years and occasionally some of 200 years. All quadrats showed prolific regeneration of beech with seedlings and saplings of various ages, an observation which is somewhat contrary to other observations. The total number of species recorded in the survey was 158 with a range from 5 to 22 species per 1·5 × 1·5 m quadrat and an average of 18.Now that Spain has joined the European Economic Community many changes can be expected in agriculture and forestry. It will also permit certain areas to be set aside as Environmentally Sensitive Areas (ESA), Natural Parks or National Parks. This area, being the locus typicus of Atlantic montane beechwoods, is an excellent candidate for ESA status or as part of an expanded Picos de Europa National Park.

Altitudinal gradients provide a useful model for studying plant community composition along environmental gradients. Altitudinal gradients also vary in their degree of human exploitation, as human activity is generally greater at lower elevations than at higher elevations. We examined the effect of altitude on plant community composition along an altitudinal gradient ranging from 400 to 600 m a.s.l. by sampling 75 plots in a Brazilian savanna steppe characterized by a diversity of plant community types. Plant species richness increased with elevation, and the lowest species richness was associated with lower elevation areas dominated by human disturbance. Our results suggest that increased human pressure at lower altitudes, together with enhanced microclimates and reduced access at higher altitudes, determine the plant species richness patterns in dry tropical forests.

Soil provides many ecosystem services that are essential to maintain its quality and healthy development of the flora, fauna and human well-being. Environmental mercury levels may harm the survival and diversity of the soil fauna. In this respect, efforts have been made to establish limit values of mercury (Hg) in soils to terrestrial fauna. Soil organisms such as earthworms and enchytraeids have intimate contact with trace metals in soil by their oral and dermal routes, reflecting the potentially adverse effects of this contaminant. The main goal of this study was to obtain Hg critical concentrations under normal and extreme conditions of moisture in tropical soils to Enchytraeus crypticus to order to assess if climate change may potentiate their acute and chronic toxicity effects. Tropical soils were sampled from of two Forest Conservation Units of the Rio de Janeiro State – Brazil, which has been contaminated by Hg atmospheric depositions. Worms were exposed to three moisture conditions, at 20%, 50% and 80% of water holding capacity, respectively, and in combination with different Hg (HgCl2) concentrations spiked in three types of tropical soil (two natural soils and one artificial soil). The tested concentrations ranged from 0 to 512 mg Hg kg−1 dry weight. Results indicate that the Hg toxicity is higher under increased conditions of moisture, significantly affecting survival and reproduction rate.

We analyzed both mitochondrial (mt-) and nuclear (n) DNAs in a conservation phylogenetic framework to examine deep and shallow histories of the Beaded Lizard (Heloderma horridum) and Gila Monster (H. suspectum) throughout their geographic ranges in North and Central America. Both mtDNA and intron markers clearly partitioned each species. One intron and mtDNA further subdivided H. horridum into its four recognized subspecies (H. n. alvarezi, charlesbogerti, exasperatum, and horridum). However, the two subspecies of H. suspectum (H. s. suspectum and H. s. cinctum) were undefined. A supertree approach sustained these relationships. Overall, the Helodermatidae is reaffirmed as an ancient and conserved group. Its most recent common ancestor (MRCA) was Lower Eocene [35.4 million years ago (mya)], with a ∼25 my period of stasis before the MRCA of H. horridum diversified in Lower Miocene. Another ∼5 my passed before H. h. exasperatum and H. h. horridum diverged, followed by ∼1.5 my before H. h. alvarezi and H. h. charlesbogerti separated. Heloderma suspectum reflects an even longer period of stasis (∼30 my) before diversifying from its MRCA. Both H. suspectum (México) and H. h. alvarezi also revealed evidence of historic range expansion following a recent bottleneck. Our conservation phylogenetic approach emphasizes the origin and diversification of this group, yields information on the manner by which past environmental variance may have impacted its populations and, in turn, allows us to disentangle historic from contemporary impacts that might threaten its long-term persistence. The value of helodermatid conservation resides in natural services and medicinal products, particularly venom constituents, and these are only now being realized.

The forests in the Iberian Peninsula have been strongly influenced by past climatic changes, but reconstructing their historical distributions and dynamics is very difficult due to the complex climatic characteristics and relief of the region. Research disciplines such as phylogeography and species distribution modelling can describe the past range dynamics of individual tree species in relatively great detail and help elucidate how these species have reacted to climatic changes. Here we review phylogeographical and modelling studies from species representative of the major Iberian forest types and attempt to extract general trends from the diversity of individual species histories in the Peninsula. To date most studies focus on geographical range dynamics during the Pleistocene, but an increasing body of evidence shows that some species have also retained the genetic imprints of much more ancient processes. Many widespread Iberian species show a deep and often remarkably clear-cut divide between populations from the Mediterranean and from the Atlantic regions of the Iberian Peninsula, suggesting that both areas have independently sustained viable populations over extended periods. In fact, phylogeographical studies commonly find that species had several glacial refugia across the Iberian Peninsula. On the other hand, distribution models help identifying further suitable areas that could have sustained so far undetected refugia. Such studies are of interest for species conservation, because refugium populations are high-priority targets due to their long-term persistence and unique evolutionary trajectory. Overall, we conclude that palaeoecology, phylogeography and species distribution modelling have a great potential to inform each other because of their complementary perspectives and results. A true integration of these approaches is therefore fundamental for further progress in our understanding of past Iberian environments and the organisms they harboured.

Evidence shows that habitats with potential to mitigate against greenhouse gases emissions, by taking up and storing CO2, are being lost due to the effects of on-going human activities and climate change. The carbon storage by terrestrial habitats (e.g. tropical forests) and the role of coastal habitats (‘Blue Carbon’) as carbon storage sinks is well recognised.Offshore shelf sediments are also a manageable carbon store, covering ∼9% of global marine area, but not currently protected by international agreements to enable their conservation. Through a scenario analysis, we explore the economic value of the damage of human activities and climate change can inflict on UK marine habitats, including shelf sea sediments.In a scenario of increased human and climate pressures over a 25-year period, we estimate damage costs up to US$12.5 billion from carbon release linked to disturbance of coastal and shelf sea sediment carbon stores.It may be possible to manage socio-economic pressure to maintain sedimentary carbon storage, but the trade-offs with other global social welfare benefits such as food security will have to be taken into account. To develop effective incentive mechanisms to preserve these valuable coastal and marine ecosystems within a sustainability governance framework, robust evidence is required.

In the deep sea, biological data are often sparse; hence models capturing relationships between observed fauna and environmental variables (acquired via acoustic mapping techniques) are often used to produce full coverage species assemblage maps. Many statistical modelling techniques are being developed, but there remains a need to determine the most appropriate mapping techniques. Predictive habitat modelling approaches (redundancy analysis, maximum entropy and random forest) were applied to a heterogeneous section of seabed on Rockall Bank, NE Atlantic, for which landscape indices describing the spatial arrangement of habitat patches were calculated. The predictive maps were based on remotely operated vehicle (ROV) imagery transects high-resolution autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) sidescan backscatter maps. Area under the curve (AUC) and accuracy indicated similar performances for the three models tested, but performance varied by species assemblage, with the transitional species assemblage showing the weakest predictive performances. Spatial predictions of habitat suitability differed between statistical approaches, but niche similarity metrics showed redundancy analysis and random forest predictions to be most similar. As one statistical technique could not be found to outperform the others when all assemblages were considered, ensemble mapping techniques, where the outputs of many models are combined, were applied. They showed higher accuracy than any single model. Different statistical approaches for predictive habitat modelling possess varied strengths and weaknesses and by examining the outputs of a range of modelling techniques and their differences, more robust predictions, with better described variation and areas of uncertainties, can be achieved. As improvements to prediction outputs can be achieved without additional costly data collection, ensemble mapping approaches have clear value for spatial management.

The Cunha Forest Hydrological Laboratory was established in the Serra do Mar, São Paulo, Brazil to achieve some understanding of the hydrological processes and the effects of forest cover on these processes in the headwater areas. Stream-gauging from two subtropical forest catchments (56.0 ha and 36.7 ha) covered with the Mata Atlântica commenced in 1982. Measurements of crown interception, surface runoff from a hillslope and estimation of soil water storage within the catchments quantified individual components of the hydrological processes. Ten years of field measurements and hydrograph analysis show that about 15% of annual rainfall is intercepted by the forest cover and returns directly to the atmosphere while 85% of the rainfall reaches the forest floor, where it infiltrates and remains in the soil to feed subsurface flow and baseflow or transpiration. Humid conditions obtain throughout the year and surface runoff is a rare occurrence on forested hillslopes. Stormflow is generated from wetland source areas adjacent to streams and from seepage from hillslopes. The total volume of stormflow is only 11% of annual rainfall. Fifty-nine % of annual rainfall is stored in the soil mantle and flows via subsurface routes to streams as baseflow throughout the year. This sustained flow of streams is one of the most important hydrological features and is controlled by such basin characteristics as the physical properties of the soil, the depth of the soil mantle and the vegetative cover. Soil evaporation and transpiration were estimated as 15% of annual rainfall by the water balance equation. Thus, the annual hydrological budget for the catchments is 70% streamflow and 30% evapotranspiration. Riparian areas are also places of stormflow production as well as of soil water and groundwater storage of water derived from hillslopes as interflow. An assessment of the area, depth of sediment and porosity of the riparian areas helps in understanding the runoff processes in low-order catchments in the Serra do Mar. ©1997 Elsevier Science B.V.

We assessed the dynamics of allochthonous coarse particulate organic matter (CPOM) in a tropical headwater stream in the foothills of the Ouro Branco Sierra (S. Brazil; at 1300 m a.s.l.) over a yearly cycle, and the contribution of leaves, twigs, and other plant parts to the different types of input and stock. Additionally, we identified the key species that contribute to each type of input and to seasonal patterns in the input and storage of CPOM (particles > 1.00 mm). Our study tested (and rejected) the hypothesis that the majority of riparian plant species along tropical headwater streams are perennial, and therefore the input of CPOM tends to be continuous over the course of the year. Leaves contributed 74% of CPOM, with input increasing toward the end of the dry season (September to October). Of the total of 188 plant species identified in the riparian zone, 47 species together contributed over 28% of the detritus to the aquatic ecosystem. The species that contributed most were Protium spp., Cabralea canjerana (Vell.) Mart., and Casearia decandra Jacq. The CPOM dynamics of Garcia Stream showed a highly seasonal pattern due to the influence of precipitation. A number of species characteristic of the Amazon and Atlantic Rain forests were identified, together with species of the Cerrado, indicating that the riparian vegetation should not be considered part of a single forest domain, but rather a unique and integrated system that functions as an ecological corridor for species dispersal. The data obtained here confirmed the ecological complexity of the riparian tropical system, derived from the diversity of plant species and the seasonal dynamics of CPOM, related to the phenology of the plant community.

We here examine species distribution models for a Neotropical anuran restricted to ombrophilous areas in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest hotspot. We extend the known occurrence for the treefrog Hypsiboas bischoffi (Anura: Hylidae) through GPS field surveys and use five modeling methods (BIOCLIM, DOMAIN, OM-GARP, SVM, and MAXENT) and selected bioclimatic and topographic variables to model the species distribution. Models were first trained using two calibration areas: the Brazilian Atlantic Forest (BAF) and the whole of South America (SA). All modeling methods showed good levels of predictive power and accuracy with mean AUC ranging from 0.77 (BIOCLIM/BAF) to 0.99 (MAXENT/SA). MAXENT and SVM were the most accurate presence-only methods among those tested here. All but the SVM models calibrated with SA predicted larger distribution areas when compared to models calibrated in BAF. OM-GARP dramatically overpredicted the species distribution for the model calibrated in SA, with a predicted area around 106 km2 larger than predicted by other SDMs. With increased calibration area (and environmental space), OM-GARP predictions followed changes in the environmental space associated with the increased calibration area, while MAXENT models were more consistent across calibration areas. MAXENT was the only method that retrieved consistent predictions across calibration areas, while allowing for some overprediction, a result that may be relevant for modeling the distribution of other spatially restricted organisms.

This paper presents a new review of our knowledge of the ancient forest beetle fauna from Holocene archaeological and palaeoecological sites in Great Britain and Ireland. It examines the colonisation, dispersal and decline of beetle species, highlighting the scale and nature of human activities in the shaping of the landscape of the British Isles. In particular, the paper discusses effects upon the insect fauna, and examines in detail the fossil record from the Humberhead Levels, eastern England. It discusses the local extirpation of up to 40 species in Britain and 15 species in Ireland. An evaluation of the timing of extirpations is made, suggesting that many species in Britain disappear from the fossil record between ca 3000 and 1000 cal BC (ca 5000–3000 cal BP), although some taxa may well have survived until considerably later. In Ireland, there are two distinct trends, with a group of species which seem to be absent after ca 2000 cal BC (ca 4000 cal BP) and a further group which survives until at least as late as the medieval period. The final clearance of the Irish landscape over the last few hundred years was so dramatic, however, that some species which are not especially unusual in a British context were decimated. Reasons behind the extirpation of taxa are examined in detail, and include a combination of forest clearance and human activities, isolation of populations, lack of temporal continuity of habitats, edaphic and competition factors affecting distribution of host trees (particularly pine), lack of forest fires and a decline in open forest systems. The role of climate change in extirpations is also evaluated.Consideration is given to the significance of these specialised ancient forest inhabitants in Ireland in the absence of an early Holocene land-bridge which suggests that colonisation was aided by other mechanisms, such as human activities and wood rafting. Finally, the paper discusses the Continental origins of the British and Irish fauna and its hosts and the role played by European glacial refugia.

Landscape connectivity is a key aspect for the maintenance of biodiversity and ecosystem viability. Nowadays, the competition between economic development and nature conservation is intense. In most territories natural vegetation is being replaced by exotic tree plantations, which have a better performance in terms of timber productivity but often, a lower ecological value. We evaluated potential natural forest connectivity improvement in the Cantabria region (Northern Spain) through two main actions: protection of environmentally valuable forest areas, and reforestation with indigenous species of those patches of exotic plantation trees with a particularly important role for the connectivity of the forest network. We established a variety of scenarios to calculate least cost paths, considering the presence or absence of plantation forestry and highways to examine connectivity. Then, we applied two habitat availability indices (integral index of connectivity and probability of connectivity) attending to different dispersal distances. Our analyses show a great potential for improving connectivity using plantation forests in the natural forest network, and a dramatic impact of the highway in the north–south connectivity of the study area. Based on these results, we identified those patches of plantation forest and natural forest that are more important for the maintenance of overall landscape connectivity, and propose their protection or conversion through reforestation. The final proposed network constitutes a larger and better connected natural forested landscape than the existing one.

The present and future of integrated coastal zone management (ICZM) in Europe is discussed with an emphasis on nature conservation. The position of nature conservation in physical planning and in legislation is discussed within the historical perspective of the Netherlands. With regard to the present position of nature conservation in planning and legislation, differences in Europe between the northwest, the south and the east are discussed. The roles of various organisations (such as NGOs, GOs, Universities and the European Union) in ICZM is briefly mentioned. The paper advocates a strong position for nature conservation in integrated coastal zone management if it is to be developed on a sustainable basis.

Red coral has been overexploited in the Mediterranean for more than two thousand years, being probably the marine species of highest economic value in this sea. Shallow populations have long been overharvested due to their accessibility and this has caused a clear regression within its distributional range. However, the information available on the red coral is limited, and mainly focused on the Northern Mediterranean (Ligurian coast of Italy, France and NE Spain). Considering this, a dense shallow (15–25 m) population in the Southern coasts of the Strait of Gibraltar was found in 2014, where the species is currently rare. Analyses on size, density, branching pattern and age were carried out, as well as the description of the associated vagile macrofauna.The results of the current study indicated that the red coral showed a good conservational status in this area, achieving greater density (166 ind/m2) and size (6.37 mm of mean basal diameter and 62.11 mm of mean height) than many other populations already studied in the Northern Mediterranean. The estimated age ranged from 15 to 27 years. Dealing with the associated macrofauna, species richness and abundance were low in comparison with other corals and gorgonians from surrounding areas and could be explained by the small size of colonies and the trophic strategy of the species.Demographic results and the shallow location indicate the relevance of isolation and actual protection (military, in this case) for the conservation of this overexploited coral.

Cold-water coral ecosystems have been identified as vulnerable, but quantitative data on their conservation status is very limited. The Marine Strategy Framework Directive (MSFD) is the tool implemented by the European Union’s Integrated Maritime Policy to achieve Good Environmental Status (GES) of marine waters by 2020. In this context, the aim of this study was to evaluate the Ecological Status of benthic habitats in Cassidaigne canyon, focusing in particular on cold-water coral habitats dominated by Madrepora oculata.Data were collected during the Videocor1 cruise (2017). Videos and photos collected during eight dives of the H-ROV Ariane were used to reconstruct, in 3-dimensions, the areas where cnidarians have settled in the canyon. A total of 33 3D models were built, which allowed measuring the spatial and vertical distribution, surface, density and size structure of cnidarian populations at four different sites. When 3D reconstructions were not possible, GIS tools were used. The seven cnidarian species considered were the scleractinian M. oculata; three antipatharians: Leiopathes glaberrima, Antipathella subpinnata, Antipathes dichotoma; and three aclyonaceans: the precious red coral Corallium rubrum and the gorgonians Callogorgia verticllata and Viminella flagellum.Using photogrammetry, we were able to reveal the size structure of the dense population of M. oculata in the canyon, as well as to obtain knowledge on a complex site (Cassis-200) composed of 15 knolls, and to quantify the surface occupied by M. oculata at a separate site (Cassis-500) influenced by industrial discharges. At the southern flank of the canyon we found a highly diverse site (SW Flank) dominated by antipatharians and gorgonians composing large forests, and finally a reservoir of M. oculata was identified under overhangs at a site called the Wall. The diversity of accompanying species is also reported and marine litter quantified. Images collected before 2017 were compared to the 3D models to precisely locate them on the sites, and assess temporal changes in M. oculata colony sizes at Cassis-200 site. We also report on the ground-truthing of predicted habitat maps produced previously, and confirm their good representation of the distribution of cold-water coral habitats. Finally, we quantified the criteria defined by the MSFD, aimed at evaluating the GES of benthic habitats for M. oculata ecosystems, at the scale of the Cassidaigne canyon. Measurements showed that the extent of loss of the observed M. oculata habitat reached 56% according to the MFSD definition.

A 2-year demographic field study was carried out on the understorey tree Garcinia lucida in the humid Atlantic forests of South Cameroon. The bark and the seeds of the species are exploited for medicinal purposes and palm wine processing in West and Central Africa. The bark is often removed over almost the entire circumference of the stem, leading to high mortality rates. The goal of the study was to assess the impact of bark harvesting on population structure and dynamics, in order to obtain an indication to what extent the actual harvesting practices can be sustained for longer periods, and to provide information on the future availability of the resource. Comparison of populations that had been subject to different harvest regimes allowed assessment of the effects of G. lucida bark harvesting on population stand structure. In lightly exploited populations, unharvested individuals represented more than the half of the trees (>10 cm DBH), while this was only one-third in heavily exploited stands. The percentage of dead exploited trees (>20 cm DBH) was more than 40 and 70%, for lightly and heavily exploited populations, respectively. This reflects the high intensity of bark harvesting, mainly directed at large trees. For the assessment of bark harvesting on population dynamics, we constructed matrix models for each of the three common bark harvest practices: (1) partial debarking of stem, (2) ring-barking trees and (3) felling trees at approximately 1 m height above ground level to extract bark. For all harvest practices, the asymptotic population growth rates (λ) were not significantly different from 1 indicating that populations were neither growing nor decreasing in size. Nevertheless, model projections showed that the stock of available trees decreased. Under an annual regime of partial debarking of all trees >10 cm DBH, the amount of harvestable trees gradually declined and reached 50% of the initial size after 20 years. For ring-barking and felling trees, the projections showed a sharp drop in the amount of harvestable trees directly after the start of the simulations, and the amount continued to decline below 4% of the initial size under an annual harvest regime. Even after a long time, populations did not recover to their pre-harvest numbers. The stable size of harvested populations predicted by λ values suggest that current harvest practices of bark do not jeopardize the future existence of G. lucida populations. However, as the frequently applied harvest practices of ring-barking and felling strongly reduced the stock in our simulations, commercial bark exploitation cannot be sustained over long periods. Nevertheless, as long as populations can recover from the loss of exploited individuals, by continuous recruitment, there is still prospect for sustained bark extraction.

Tree mortality is a critical process in forest ecosystems, as it influences floristic composition, structure, dynamics, carbon storage, and forest nutrient cycling. However, the mechanisms behind tree death in tropical regions are still poorly characterized. This lack of information is mainly because tree mortality data come from long-interval inventories and studies that measured tree death seasonally are scarce. Here we offer novel insights into the power of fine temporal scale observations and we use a natural history approach to understand the processes and mechanism of tree mortality. We monitored tree mortality every month during one year, in 10 ha of terra-firme forest. To determine the pathways of mortality, we considered the state of the tree at the start of the investigation and the pre and post-mortem characteristics. From November 2010 to October 2011, 67 out of 5808 trees died. Despite the 2010 drought, mortality was highly correlated with monthly rainfall (r = 0.85). In total, six pathways of mortality were assessed. Storms were the main cause of mortality, killing 45% of all dead trees, followed by Biotic/abiotic factors accounting for 30% of tree mortality. The high mortality registered in the rainy season was mostly (78%) due to healthy trees dying uprooted or snapped. Finally, we would benefit from studies that assess mortality on a monthly basis and in combination with quantitative long-term data, we can substantially improve our understanding of the mechanisms behind tree death in the tropics.

The preservation of riparian zones and other environmentally sensitive areas has long been recognized as one of the most cost-effective methods of managing stormwater and providing a broad range of ecosystem services. In this research, a cellular automata (CA)—Markov chain model of land cover change was developed to integrate protection of environmentally sensitive areas into urban growth projections at a regional scale. The baseline scenario is a continuation of the current trends and involves only limited constraints on development. The green infrastructure (GI) conservation scenario incorporates an open space conservation network based on the functional boundaries of environmentally sensitive areas. It includes variable buffer widths for impaired streams (as identified on the USEPA 303d list for stream impairment), 100-year floodplain, wetlands, urban open space and steep slopes. Comparative analysis of each scenario with landscape metrics indicated that under the GI conservation scenario, the number of urban patches decreased while the extent of interspersion of urban land with green infrastructure patches increased leading to improved connectivity among open space features. The analysis provides a quantitative illustration of how our process contributes towards achieving urban planning objectives while incorporating green infrastructure.

Significant effort is being devoted to the expansion of payments for watershed services (PWS) programs at national, regional, and local scales. This expansion faces logistical challenges, in particular identifying appropriate incentives and enrollment processes to provide additional ecosystem services under budget constraints. In Brazil, PWS programs have mostly occurred at the local level, using formulaic contracts to ensure landowners are compensated for provision of specific types and quantities of ecosystem services. However, it is unclear how these financial incentives will function as programs expand to new areas, as pilot programs report high recruitment costs. Using as an example the Cantareira System, an important drinking water supply for the São Paulo metropolitan area, we review PWS incentives in the context of factors that affect farmer land use decisions. We base our research on a review of policies affecting PWS in Brazil, existing PWS in the Cantareira region, and drivers affecting land use and technology adoption by cattle ranchers, drawing from the literature and interviews with farmers and agronomists in the study region. While financial incentives (payments) account for both the value of ecosystem services and opportunity costs of shifting pasture production to forest, several economic, social, political, and biophysical factors will likely affect landowners’ decisions to enroll in PWS. This suggests that, while PWS programs may lead to the provision of additional ecosystem services, the complexity of contracts and diversity of local conditions create challenges to broad deployment in the absence of significant outreach efforts.

Leaf area index (LAI) was measured with the tracing radiation and architecture of canopies (TRAC) optical instrument in three consecutive summers from 1999 to 2001 in sugar maple forests across eastern Ontario to monitor recovery from ice storm damage suffered in January 1998. The study sites were experimental blocks of the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources (OMNR) designed for measurement and monitoring of the effects of fertilizer and lime treatments on maple recovery. Understory vegetation survey data, collected in 1999 and again in 2001, were converted to understory gap fraction, and processed in the same manner as the TRAC data to obtain understory LAI. Subtraction of understory LAI from total LAI measured with the TRAC allowed monitoring of productive, overstory trees tapped for syrup production. Annual LAI measurements and LAI change were evaluated in relation to percent crown loss estimates and plot treatments. Understory, overstory and total LAI increased from year-to-year in most plots. Of the single year measurements, total LAI measured in 1999 was significantly related to damage, while 2000 and 2001 LAI accounted for progressively less of the variation in damage, indicating a change in canopy condition between seasons. Understory LAI increased dramatically in response to overstory crown loss, while overstory increased more in absolute terms, but less in relative terms. Between-season LAI change was more significantly related to damage than any of the annual LAI measurements to which it was compared, indicating that LAI response is a better indicator of damage than single year LAI. LAI change was not, however, significantly related to plot treatment.

The response of avian communities to hurricane disturbance may differ according to their specific requirements or functional groups, but little is known regarding the response of top-predator birds of prey to these disturbances. We aimed to evaluate the influence of the major Hurricane Patricia on the diversity of diurnal raptors in tropical dry forest, along the coast of Jalisco, Mexico. We conducted raptor surveys at 13 sites located within the eyewall radius of maximum hurricane winds along the path of the hurricane, and 16 sites located outside the hurricane eyewall. We compared the density and species richness of raptors among four habitats of tropical deciduous and semi-deciduous forest, mangroves, and agricultural fields, within the hurricane eyewall and outside the radius of maximum winds. Our results demonstrated a reduction in raptor density in tropical forests within the radius of maximum hurricane winds, where raptor density was significantly lower in deciduous forests within the hurricane eyewall compared to deciduous forests outside the eyewall. Species richness of diurnal raptors was similar among habitats and conditions with the exception that mangroves within the hurricane eyewall had significant higher raptor species richness compared to mangroves outside the eyewall. There was also a significant increase in species evenness, and decrease in similarity, of raptor communities in mangroves and deciduous forest sites within the hurricane eyewall compared to sites outside the eyewall. The reduced density of diurnal raptors in tropical forest sites within the path of the hurricane probably reflects the impact of hurricane winds on forest structure, whereas the increase in species richness and evenness of raptor communities in mangroves within the hurricane eyewall suggests that these habitats could provide a refuge for diurnal raptors following hurricane disturbance. Our results highlight the importance of maintaining landscape heterogeneity of native vegetation to provide alternate habitats for wildlife communities following major disturbance, and facilitate their resilience to extreme climatic events such as hurricanes.

The first European settlements accompanied by crop and livestock farming occurred approximately 7500 years ago. In this agrarian society, wood was one of the most important raw materials, most notably for construction, but only a little is known about wood use and woodworking technology. Hence, archaeological wooden finds are of particular importance. Dendroarchaeological studies combine the analysis of external and internal characteristics of archaeological wood: traces of tools on the wooden surfaces and the shape of timbers provide information about woodworking techniques, the tree rings allow dendrochronological dating and provide a paleoecological archive. In 2015 and 2016, two water wells with wooden linings from the Early Neolithic Period were discovered in the Czech Republic close to the towns of Velim (Bohemia) and Uničov (Moravia). The timbers were excellently preserved under waterlogged conditions. Here, we present a dendroarchaeological study including tree-ring and woodworking analyses. Furthermore, we consider former forest species composition. Overall, 15 lumbers from both wells were successfully dated by dendrochronology. The oaks used for the wells from Velim and Uničov were felled in 5196/5195 BCE and 5093–5085 BCE, respectively. Additionally, the taxa of 1859 wooden fragments, such as charcoals, branches and chips, were wood anatomically identified. The well lining from Velim with a hollowed tree trunk is already known from other Central European locations. In contrast, the construction from Uničov is unique for this period. Until now, the advanced construction design formed by four corner posts with longitudinal grooves and inserted horizontal planks was only known several thousands years later. The Early Neolithic wells from Uničov and Velim are the oldest archaeological discoveries of wooden artefacts in the Czech Republic that have been dendrochronologically dated. The tree-ring width series extend the Czech oak tree-ring width chronology more than 300 years into the past.

Preserving large predators is important but challenging because these species are typically wide-ranging, select multiple habitats at different scales and often present spatial or habitat separation between the breeder and floater sectors of a population. In addition, most of our knowledge on raptor floaters’ habitat requirements comes from large solitary species, whose floaters often occupy temporary settlement areas spatially separate from breeding locations. Here, we examine space and habitat use by a loosely colonial, wetland-dependent raptor, the Black kite (Milvus migrans), in a population where floaters co-exist with territory holders, enabling a direct comparison of their habitat preferences. The study was conducted in Doñana National Park (South-Western Spain), a seasonally drying marshland currently surrounded by intensive agriculture and rice-fields. Intensive radio-tracking revealed that breeders and floaters selected and avoided the same habitats despite a radical, four-to-eight fold difference in their home-range dimensions: all kites over-selected open habitats suitable for their aerial foraging modes and avoided woodland and farmland. These results suggest a continuum of raptor population structures ranging from solitary species whose floaters select different habitats than breeders and are concentrated in spatially separate settlement areas, to colonial and semi-social species whose floaters fully coexist with breeders with shared habitat preferences. Both extremes of this continuum will pose challenges for conservation management. In solitary species, special conservation efforts may be required to identify and manage temporary settlement areas, while in gregarious species, the larger ranges of floaters may expose them to different threats than breeders, whose occurrence and consequences may be subtle to identify.

Spain has experienced massive recent socioeconomic changes that have had an influence on biodiversity and landscapes through land use-land cover (LULC) changes. Protected areas (PAs) seek to conserve biodiversity by establishing a legal and, sometimes, managerial regime that forbids or restricts LULC changes that are damaging to biodiversity. Here, we used CORINE Land Cover (CLC) data between 1987 and 2006 to assess differences in LULC changes and processes of change as metrics of effectiveness in four PA networks of clear legal and managerial characteristics in Spain: Nature reserves (NRs), Nature parks (NPs), Sites of Community Importance (SCIs) and Special Protection Areas (SPAs). We also compared LULC changes and processes of change around each PA network applying a modified Before-After-Control-Impact (BACI) research design with two increasingly distant control areas and two models of increased validity. The four PA networks were more environmentally sustainable than their surrounding areas although an effectiveness gradient was shown: NRs > SCIs > SPAs > NPs, suggesting little influence of PA management on LULC changes overall. Another gradient of environmental sustainability of control areas was evident: SCIs > SPAs > NPs > NRs. Proximal controls were more sustainable than distant ones. The main LULC increases inside PAs affected agro-forestry areas and transitional woodland-shrub, whereas artificial surfaces, permanently irrigated lands and burned areas prevailed in the proximal and distant controls. Three main LULC processes of change inside and around Spanish PAs outstood: forest succession, land development, and new irrigated areas, the two former chiefly affecting surrounding areas and posing serious threats to effective biodiversity conservation.

Studying food partitioning of mammalian predators is important for understanding trophic structures and interactions between coexisting carnivore species. This is particularly pertinent in the light of expanding ranges of populations of generalist species whose habitat and diet overlap with more specialized species. Here, we tested the resource partitioning hypothesis in terrestrial carnivores, predicting that trophic niche breadth and overlap relate positively to body mass. We used dietary data from 18 terrestrial carnivore taxa in four families (Canidae, Mustelidae, Felidae and Ursidae; body mass 0.1–173.6 kg) in three regions in Central and Eastern Europe, i.e. deciduous forest and forest-steppe region (DFR), temperate deciduous and mixed forest region (MFR) and transitory mixed forest regions (TFR). We ranked carnivores along an axis of trophic niche (breadth and overlap), and analysed the relationship between trophic niche and body mass (or pair-wise difference in body mass). A hierarchical cluster analysis of diet composition divided carnivores into four ecological groups: wild ungulate predators; small-mammal predators; amphibians and small mammal predators and omnivores. The relationship between body mass of predators and both trophic niche breadth and trophic niche overlap were hump-shaped. The trophic niche breadth to body mass ratio was significantly lower in DFR than in TFR and trophic niche overlap was significantly higher in DFR than in MFR and TFR. The predominant food resource is small mammals whose abundance is related to local agricultural and forestry management practices. Modifications of management techniques can affect population dynamics and community composition of carnivore species, especially in the case of small-mammal predators.

Understanding how biodiversity will respond to future climate change is a major conservation and societal challenge. Climate change is predicted to force many species to shift their ranges in pursuit of suitable conditions. This study aims to use landscape genetics, the study of the effects of environmental heterogeneity on the spatial distribution of genetic variation, as a predictive tool to assess how species will shift their ranges to track climatic changes and inform conservation measures that will facilitate movement. The approach is based on three steps: 1) using species distribution models (SDMs) to predict suitable ranges under future climate change, 2) using the landscape genetics framework to identify landscape variables that impede or facilitate movement, and 3) extrapolating the effect of landscape connectivity on range shifts in response to future climate change. I show how this approach can be implemented using the publicly available genetic dataset of the grey long-eared bat, Plecotus austriacus, in the Iberian Peninsula. Forest cover gradient was the main landscape variable affecting genetic connectivity between colonies. Forest availability is likely to limit future range shifts in response to climate change, primarily over the central plateau, but important range shift pathways have been identified along the eastern and western coasts. I provide outputs that can be directly used by conservation managers and review the viability of the approach. Using landscape genetics as a predictive tool in combination with SDMs enables the identification of potential pathways, whose loss can affect the ability of species to shift their range into future climatically suitable areas, and the appropriate conservation management measures to increase landscape connectivity and facilitate movement.

Litterfall abundance and composition of organic and inorganic nitrogen and phosphorus forms were studied for 34 months in two different forest ecosystems (Vaccinio uliginosi–Betuletum pubescentis (Vu–Bp) and Empetro nigri–Pinetum (En–P)) in Słowiński National Park (northern Poland). Including broadleaves, litterfall abundance in Vu–Bp was above 25% higher than in En–P. In Vu–Bp the mean litterfall abundance was equal to 4050 kg ha−1 year−1 with needles (31%) and broadleaves (32%) dominating while in En–P the mean litterfall abundance was equal to 2828 kg ha−1 year−1 and needless made up 59% of total. Almost all litterfall fractions in both forest ecosystems followed a clear, coherent seasonal pattern with maximal values in Autumn and minimal values in the growing season. In general, inter-annual fall variation of needles, branches, broadleaves and seeds was not significant in both ecosystems, however, for the fall of needles and branches a decreasing tendency was observed. In Vu–Bp and in En–P total litterfall (Vu–Bp: T-N 97.5%, Norg 96.8%, En–P: T-N 95.6%, Norg 97.9%) as well as the needless (Vu–Bp: T-N 31.9%, Norg 46.4%; En–P: T-N 53.5%; Norg 53.6%) were the most abundant with nitrogen with the supremacy of organic forms. Besides needles fall, the highest nitrogen return in Vu–Bp was contributed by broadleaves, seeds and branches fall, while in En–P with branches and bark fall. The lowest nitrogen return was contributed by inflorescences and flower buds fall. Similar to organic nitrogen, organic phosphorus was dominant in Vu–Bp (91%) and in En–P (77%) ecosystems. In Vu–Bp total phosphorus contributed by broadleaves was comparable to deposited with needles. In the fallen needless phosphorus contribution was significantly higher in En–P than in Vu–Bp. Nearly 40% of total phosphorus return was contributed by branches, seeds and other litterfall material in Vu–Bp. Litterfall mass in Vu–Bp showed positive correlation with air humidity, total nitrogen content in the rooting zone, and negative with underground water level and air temperature indicating lower resistance towards climatic stress. At both forest ecosystems total litterfall mass, total nitrogen and organic nitrogen were positively correlated with air humidity, while neither total litterfall, nor total nitrogen (T-N) and total phosphorus (T-P) at both forest ecosystems were correlated directly with precipitation volume. This is probably because air humidity is partially related to precipitation (rSp = 0.31), however it could be also an effect of sea sprays contribution. Homogeneous Pinus sylvestris stand indicates higher resistance towards unfavorable climatic conditions than Betula pubescens, and this is why it should be preferably used in afforestation campaigns in seashore.

Edge habitats may be considered ‘ecological traps’ for breeding birds if they attract many birds because of apparently favorable nesting conditions but have higher nest predation levels than interior habitats. Four alternative, nonexclusive hypotheses have been suggested to explain why edges might have higher predation levels than interior habitats: (1) predator activity is higher in areas with higher prey density (density-dependent predation); (2) predators are more abundant on edges than in forest interior; (3) the predator community is richer in species on edges than in forest interior; and (4) predators forage along travel lanes (linear geographical features) such as edges. Here we evaluated whether forest-farm edges in southern Illinois are ecological traps, and examined the relevance of these four hypotheses at our study site with several different experiments during May–July 1992 using artificial nests (n = 605) baited with quail eggs and placed on the ground, in shrubs, or in saplings.Our results showed that, in general, the forest-farm edges of southwestern Illinois did not attract significantly more individuals or species of nesting songbirds, but they did have higher nest predation levels than forest interior sites, primarily as a result of higher predation levels on sapling nests. We did not find evidence strongly supporting any of the four hypotheses suggested as explanations for higher nest predation levels near edges. Two data sets showed that predation levels on artificial nests were density-independent. Forest-farm edges had neither more total species of potential nest predators nor more individual predators. However, there were more species of avian predators on edges than in interior sites. Correlations between predator abundance and nest predation levels on individual transects were weak. The travel lane hypothesis was not supported because nest predation levels were either not affected by distance from linear geographical features (roads and ravines) or were significantly less when close to than when far from presumptive travel lanes.High spatial heterogeneity in predation levels, numbers of singing birds, and potential nest predators may have obscured general patterns and suggest a need for larger sample sizes. Edges may be detrimental to some species of singing birds but not to others, and for different reasons.

The research was carried out from January 1981 to December 1983, in a small watershed of 1.3 km2 surface area located at INPA's Ducke Forest Reserve. This watershed is drained by the Barro-Branco stream, and its vegetation cover is characterized by a typical tropical rain forest of the central Amazon region.In order to estimate its real evapotranspiration, transpiration and other hydrological parameters, the precipitation and the discharge yielded by the Barro-Branco stream were measured during the experimental period.A mean precipitation of 2209 mm year−1 was recorded, from which 67.6% was lost to the atmosphere through evapotranspiration. This result was similar to that calculated by the modified Penman's method (1479.2 mm year−1).If the average rain water interception by the forest canopy is assumed to be 11.3% of the total precipitation amount, as estimated by Gash's model, the transpiration was 1243.7 mm year−1, representing 56.3% of the total rainfall observed for the 1981–1983 period.

This study quantified various aspects of the seed biology of 100 tree species native to the seasonal moist tropical forest in the Panama Canal Watershed. Species were selected for study based on their potential for use in reforestation projects in Panama. Seeds of 32, 29, and 33 species were dispersed during the dry (DS, January–March), early rainy (ERS, April–July), and late rainy (LRS, August–December) seasons, respectively. Seed mass was correlated with moisture content (MC) but not with dispersal time, and MC was lowest for seeds dispersed in the DS. Germination of nontreated seeds ranged from 0% (6 species) to 99% and was ≥50% for 46 species. Seeds of Beilschmiedia pendula, Castilla elastica, Diphysa robinioides, Genipa americana, Hura crepitans, Inga spectabilis, Jacaranda copaia, Protium tenuifolium, Pseudobambox septenatum, and Trattinnickia aspera germinated ≥85%. Fresh seeds of 49 (52.1%) of the 94 species that germinated were nondormant and 45 (47.9%) were dormant. Only 12 species had a median length of germination time (MLG) > 120 days. MLG for seeds of species dispersed in the LRS was higher than that of those dispersed in the ERS or DS. Forty-eight species had uniform germination (standard deviation of germination time ≤ 14 days). Seed longevity ranged from 0.5 to 36 months, and long-lived (L-L) seeds tended to be larger than short-lived (S-L) or very short-lived (very S-L) ones, but not significantly so. MC increased significantly from L-L to very S-L seeds. The highest proportion of L-L seeds was dispersed in the DS and the lowest in the LRS. Results of this study are used to make recommendations for nursery production of tree seedlings to use in forest restoration projects.

Recreational fisheries are increasingly important sectors of tourism-based economies. In the last decade, new recreational fisheries have emerged that target species of varying conservation status including vulnerable, endangered, and unassessed species. In Guyana, catch-and-release angling tourism has begun to target arapaima, a genus of giant air-breathing fishes. Given the uncertain conservation status of this species and that no information is available to evaluate the sustainability of this activity, we sought to describe the responses of arapaima to recreational angling. We harnessed tri-axial accelerometer biologgers around the trunk of fish that had been captured and released by recreational anglers, allowing us to monitor post-release survival and behaviour, including surfacing, which is essential for this air-breathing fish to recover from exhaustion. Twenty-seven individuals were instrumented (162 ± 25 cm), 24 of which were considered survivors (89%) during the 47 ± 35 (SD) min monitoring period. Fish that died were observed to drown soon after release (i.e. within minutes), not surfacing to breathe air. Supervised machine learning classification of behaviours using a random forest algorithm identified surfacing events with 80% accuracy (i.e. out-of-bag error rate = 20%), which we applied to unobserved data periods to estimate breathing frequency after release, along with overall dynamic body acceleration (ODBA) as a proxy for activity. Neither mean breathing frequency nor ODBA were related to body size (total length), handling time (which incorporated facilitated recovery of individuals), nor time of capture (early or late in the dry season spanning water temperatures of 29.3–34.1 °C). The precise angling-related factors that led to arapaima mortality were unclear, but the frequency of mortality aligns with the mortality documented in other recreational fisheries. This mortality source can be incorporated into conservation plans and provide context to the impacts of recreational angling relative to the costs of legal or illegal harvest.

Sandplain and ridgetop pitch pine (Pinus rigida)–scrub oak (Quercus ilicifolia) barrens and other shrub-dominated natural communities (e.g., heathlands and maritime shrublands) are important habitats for rare Lepidoptera (moths and butterflies) in southern New England and southeastern New York. Fifty-six species of conservation concern representing 11 families of Lepidoptera are recognized as dependent on shrubland habitats in this region, including 23% of Connecticut’s state-listed Lepidoptera and 41% of state-listed moths and butterflies in Massachusetts. Sixteen (29%) of these 56 species utilize scrub oak as a larval host and eight species (14%) use lowbush blueberries (Vaccinium angustifolium and V. pallidum). In addition to Lepidoptera, a wide diversity of other invertebrates is dependent on pine barrens and other shrublands. The importance of these habitats results from unique edaphic conditions and temperature regimes, as well as the structure, species composition, and phenology of the plant community. Pine barrens and other shrublands in the northeastern United States are threatened by destruction and fragmentation, as well as fire exclusion and other alterations of natural disturbance regimes. Active management, including the application of prescribed fire, mechanical cutting, or a combination of the two, is critical to the maintenance of habitat structure and species composition in barrens and other shrublands within human-dominated landscapes of the northeastern United States.

A remarkable diversity of life history strategies has evolved among species for achieving reproductive success, including adaptive growth, protandry, iteroparity, and extra molting. Here, we report on the reproductive strategies of the litter-dwelling scorpion, Tityus (Archaeotityus) pusillus, the most abundant and widespread scorpion species in the Atlantic Forest of northeastern Brazil. We observed both iteroparity and protandry reproductive strategies in this species. Females were competent to produce up to three broods after a single insemination, and no correlation between female size and litter size was observed. Most males reached adulthood 1 month before females following four molts, characterizing protandry. Nevertheless, an extra molt was observed to occur in some males (n = 4) and females (n = 1). These findings highlight the life history traits of T. (A.) pusillus, which may imply in reproductive success and adaptation to changes in environmental conditions.

Deforestation is a significant source of man-made carbon in the atmosphere, contributing to the greenhouse gas (GHG) effect. Although carbon releases are associated to the ecosystem functions of climate regulation and are essential ecological processes that sustain life, their incremental economic impact is difficult to estimate. Using the InVEST model, this work quantifies and assesses the value of the carbon balance generated by predictive land-use change (LUC) scenarios for the Northern Coast of São Paulo State, Brazil. In this case, carbon losses are explained by the suppression of natural vegetation and human intervention associated to global warming. We analyzed three scenarios: i) the more conservative “legal framework”; ii) the “status quo”, which represents the current development level; and iii) the “new ventures”, encompassing all new infrastructure projects in the region. The carbon losses in the “legal framework” and “status quo” scenarios are similar to those of past periods: around 3.7 million MgC in twenty years, pointing to net current values of US$ 47 million. However, carbon losses exceeded 7 million MgC when considering factors linked to the “new ventures” scenario, such as infrastructure logistics, oil-gas exploration and pressure on natural environments. In this case, monetary losses could amount to US$ 90 million in 20 years. Besides carbon release, results also highlight the large amount of carbon still stored in protected areas that is threatened by the regional economics dynamics and requires special attention from the public sector, management bodies and regulators.

In Brazil, cacao is mostly planted beneath shade trees. The diversity of shade trees varies from monospecific to highly diverse canopies, characteristic of pristine Atlantic Forest. This study evaluates the relationships between family richness of Hymenoptera-Parasitica and Chrysidoidea, and tree species richness and density, the species richness of herbaceous understorey, and the area and age of the cacao agroforestry system. We sampled 16 cacao agroforestry systems, with canopy diversity ranging from one to 22 tree species per hectare, in three seasons: summer (March), winter (August) and spring (November). Parasitoids were sampled using eight Malaise-Townes traps per site. Tree species richness and density were enumerated within 1 ha at each site, and herbaceous plant species richness was calculated in eight 1 m2 plots, within the hectare. The number of parasitoid families increased with tree species richness and density in spring and summer, but decreased in winter. Neither species richness of herbaceous plants nor area and age of the system affected parasitoid family richness. We suggest that the increase of parasitoid diversity with tree species richness and density in warmer seasons reflects increasing heterogeneity and availability of resources. The decrease in parasitoid family number with tree density in winter may be due to local impoverishment of resources, leading to parasitoid emigration to neighbouring forest remnants. This result implies that a higher diversity of shade trees will help to maintain high parasitoid levels and, in consequence, higher levels of natural enemies of cacao pests, particularly in the warmer seasons. This prediction is borne out in the experience of cacao producers. The proper management of shade tree diversity will play a vital role in maintaining the sustainability of cacao agroforestry production systems in the tropics and, concurrently, will maintain high biodiversity values in these locations.

We employ infrastructuring as a verb to highlight contested processes of infrastructure expansion to extract, store, transport, and transform natural gas (into liquefied natural gas, LNG). As faculty members and students embedded in mid-Atlantic universities in the United States (US), we conducted participatory action research to record nearby infrastructuring for Dominion Energy’s Cove Point LNG Export Terminal and Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We documented how frontline and impacted populations seized opportunities when infrastructuring was visible to challenge and erode the excessive economic and political power of Dominion, one of the US’s largest energy providers, who sought to maintain regulatory privilege through lobbying, campaign contributions, and delegitimization of public health and environmental risks. Extending Tsing’s concept of frictions (i.e., engagement in difference-based encounters), we highlight (1) coalition-building among unlikely allies (collective encounters), and (2) conflictive interactions between proand anti-gas stakeholders (oppositional encounters). Impacted populations collaborated with proximate and distant allies to publicize and legally challenge distributional, regulatory, racial and other forms of injustice from gas infrastructuring. Our critical energy justice (CEJ) framework helps to identity and defend interconnected components of justice under threat due to profit-oriented global gas infrastructuring based upon reckless disregard for climate science and public health.

After many centuries of exploitation, but still conserving very high levels of biodiversity, Spain finally seems to be fully awake to environmental issues and much on its way to take the necessary steps for recovery. In the last 20 years of the century, many important changes have indeed taken place in the field of nature conservation. These changes are reflected in a steady increase in the number and total surface area of protected ecosystems with increasing attention to their management. There have also been important advances with respect to the protection of flora and fauna through many ex situ or in situ initiatives, and steps taken to protect individual species or communities. The involvement of universities and research institutes has accompanied an increasing level of public conscience which had clearly started to grow by the 1970s. Important changes in legislation (previously non-existent or very obsolete), and the development of proper administrative agencies, have supported this process. It was also during these decades that conservation groups began to take a leading role after their initiation around the end of the 1960s and the sudden multiplication in number of these in the 1970s.

A methodology was developed and applied to estimating forest area and producing forest maps. The method utilizes satellite data and ground reference data. It takes into consideration the fact that a pixel rarely represents any single ground cover class. This is particularly true for low-spatial-resolution data. It also takes into consideration that the spectral classes overlap. The image was first classified using an unsupervised clustering method. A (multinormal) spectral density function was estimated for each class based on the spectral vectors (reflectance values) of the cluster members. Values of the target variable — the proportion of forested area — were determined for the spectral classes using sampling from CORINE (Coordination of Information on the Environment) Land Cover database. Each pixel was assigned class membership probabilities, which were proportional to the value of the density function of the respective class evaluated at the spectral value of the pixel. The estimate of forest area for the pixel was finally computed by multiplying the class membership probabilities by the class forest area and summing over all the classes. The method was applied over a mosaic of 49 Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) images acquired from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)-14 satellite. The estimated forest areas were compared with those extracted from the full-coverage CORINE data and with official forest statistics reported to the European Commission's Statistical Office (EUROSTAT). The forest percentage (proportion of forest area of the total land area) of 12 countries of the European Union was underestimated by 1.8% compared to the CORINE data. It was underestimated by 4.2% when compared with EUROSTAT's statistics and 6.0% when compared to United Nations Economic Commission for Europe/Food and Agricultural Organization (UN-ECE/FAO) statistics. The largest underestimation of forest percentage within a country (compared to CORINE) was in France (5.9%). The largest overestimation was found in Ireland, 15.6%.

Tourism may be an ally or a threat to conservation. The expansion and diversification of tourism had an increasing environmental impact on protected ecosystems. Therefore, it is important to assess and anticipate the potential impacts of tourism on Natural Protected Areas (NPA), to articulate the public use of NPA and their conservation. The Tourism Impact Assessment (TIA) is a methodology for evaluating the environmental impacts associated with tourism in NPA. We tested TIA on three NPA of the National Protected Areas System of Uruguay. We identified fifteen main tourist activities that can affect four biological components (i.e., biodiversity, plant coverage, soil and water), and 21 potential impacts. The severity of these impacts was evaluated for each area based on expert consultation. We conclude that TIA is a practical tool to assess, monitor and prevent tourism impacts in NPA that can be used to reach a sustainable tourism management.

is being a physical challenge, the “Subhuman project” has attracted serious attention from marine biologists

To enhance understanding of how climate and humans influenced historical fire occurrence in the montane forests of Jasper National Park, we crossdated fire-scar and tree age samples from 172 plots. We tested effects of drought and climatic variation driven by the El Niño-Southern Oscillation (ENSO) and Pacific North American (PNA) pattern on fire occurrence. We also tested whether local droughts were associated with ENSO, PNA, Pacific Decadal Oscillation and Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation. We used a combination of instrumental and proxy-climate records to test whether climatic variation explained the absence of fire scars in our study area during the 20th century. From 1646 to 1915, 18 fires burned mainly during drier than average years. Drought years, but not fire years, were associated with positive ENSO and PNA indices, corresponding to warmer conditions with reduced snowpacks. Fire frequency varied through time, although no fire scars have formed since 1915. Potential recording trees present at all plots and climate conducive to fire over multiple years provide evidence that human influences superseded climatic variation to explain the lack of fire scars during the 20th century. Fire suppression significantly altered the fire regime after the formation of Jasper National Park, justifying the ongoing mechanical fuel treatments, prescribed and managed wildfires to improve forest resilience to climate change.

Existing national forest inventory plots, an airborne lidar scanning (ALS) system, and a space profiling lidar system (ICESat-GLAS) are used to generate circa 2005 estimates of total aboveground dry biomass (AGB) in forest strata, by state, in the continental United States (CONUS) and Mexico. The airborne lidar is used to link ground observations of AGB to space lidar measurements. Two sets of models are generated, the first relating ground estimates of AGB to airborne laser scanning (ALS) measurements and the second set relating ALS estimates of AGB (generated using the first model set) to GLAS measurements. GLAS then, is used as a sampling tool within a hybrid estimation framework to generate stratum-, state-, and national-level AGB estimates. A two-phase variance estimator is employed to quantify GLAS sampling variability and, additively, ALS-GLAS model variability in this current, three-phase (ground-ALS-space lidar) study. The model variance component characterizes the variability of the regression coefficients used to predict ALS-based estimates of biomass as a function of GLAS measurements. Three different types of predictive models are considered in CONUS to determine which produced biomass totals closest to ground-based national forest inventory estimates - (1) linear (LIN), (2) linear-no-intercept (LNI), and (3) log-linear. For CONUS at the national level, the GLAS LNI model estimate (23.95 ± 0.45 Gt AGB), agreed most closely with the US national forest inventory ground estimate, 24.17 ± 0.06 Gt, i.e., within 1%. The national biomass total based on linear ground-ALS and ALS-GLAS models (25.87 ± 0.49 Gt) overestimated the national ground-based estimate by 7.5%. The comparable log-linear model result (63.29 ± 1.36 Gt) overestimated ground results by 261%. All three national biomass GLAS estimates, LIN, LNI, and log-linear, are based on 241,718 pulses collected on 230 orbits. The US national forest inventory (ground) estimates are based on 119,414 ground plots. At the US state level, the average absolute value of the deviation of LNI GLAS estimates from the comparable ground estimate of total biomass was 18.8% (range: Oregon, − 40.8% to North Dakota, 128.6%). Log-linear models produced gross overestimates in the continental US, i.e., > 2.6x, and the use of this model to predict regional biomass using GLAS data in temperate, western hemisphere forests is not appropriate. The best model form, LNI, is used to produce biomass estimates in Mexico. The average biomass density in Mexican forests is 53.10 ± 0.88 t/ha, and the total biomass for the country, given a total forest area of 688,096 km2, is 3.65 ± 0.06 Gt. In Mexico, our GLAS biomass total underestimated a 2005 FAO estimate (4.152 Gt) by 12% and overestimated a 2007/8 radar study's figure (3.06 Gt) by 19%.

This study introduces an improved method to assess land capability in the rural environment. Land capability, also defined as natural use, is a powerfull asset in land use planning and development of land use policies, because actual land uses that deviate from natural counterparts trigger extensive and severe environmental impacts, namely amplified soil erosion and fertility decline. The proposed method builds up on a previous model based on the ruggedness number (RN), which allocates natural uses as function of increasing terrain slope and drainage density. According to the RN model, agriculture should occupy the areas of low slope and sparse drainage density, while the forest is reserved for the areas of steep slope and dense drainage. Other activities such as pasture or pasture mixed with forest can be settled on the areas of intermediate slope and drainage density. The modeling improvements introduced with this study are in a first stage related to the combination of RN-based capability classes with dissection classes derived from slope curvature estimates and landform classification (convex, concave and straight srufaces). In a second stage, the modeling improvements are related to validation of RN and landform classification schmes in the field through comparison of soil magnectic susceptibility data across the RN-dissection classes. The improved model was tested in a large multiple-landform watershed: the Tietê River basin located in São Paulo State (Brazil). The results proved the need to refine the RN land capability classes using the dissection classes, because dissection patterns are different across lithologic types and weather trends. In the Tietê, landscapes are generally more dissected when shaped in basaltic bedrock than in sandsone cover, and increase with increasing annual rainfall. The implications for land use planning are evident because high dissected lanscapes require more exigent conservation measures than low dissected landscapes, while suitable crop types may also vary between the two environments. The field validation of capability-dissection classes using the magnetic susceptibility proved efficient in a large portion of cases, but failed in several other sub-basins. A main reason for the failure was inadequate land use, interpreted as environmental land use conflict in this study. Overall, the current study can be viewed as major advance in the development of a land capability classification, because the integration of relief (RN), landform (dissection) and soil properties (magnetic susceptibility) has not been tempted before. The gains for land use policy are apparent because land capability maps are fundamental instruments in the management of rural areas, namely to help the mitigation of a major global concern nowadays, which is land degradation.

Fires are increasingly responsible for forest degradation in the humid tropics due to the expansion of fire-dependent agriculture, fragmentation, intensive logging practices and severe droughts. However, these forest fires have been largely overlooked by negotiations for Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation (REDD+). This paper examines how forest fires affect REDD+ schemes by compromising carbon permanence; undermining the potential of sustainable forest management and reforestation and regeneration activities in tropical countries; and threatening the additional benefits that can be accrued from REDD+, including biodiversity conservation and rural poverty alleviation. Narrowly focusing on avoiding deforestation, the sustainable management of forests or regeneration schemes will not always guarantee protection from fire occurrence, and investments in tropical forests may ultimately fail to achieve long-term emission reductions unless they also reduce the risk of forest fires. Integrating forest fire reduction into REDD+ presents many challenges, requiring: changes in agricultural practices that take place outside of the remaining forests; the monitoring and prediction of spatio-temporal patterns of forest fires across whole biomes; guarantees of additionality; avoiding leakage of fire-dependent agriculture; ensuring that responsibilities for fire management are fairly distributed; protection for rural livelihoods; and that any new activities result in positive outcomes for local people.

A key aspect for understanding species distributions is how they respond to habitat factors at different spatial scales. In this study we used a dataset mapping 33,000 large/hollow oaks, habitat for a guild of saproxylic beetles specialised on oaks at an extent of 10,000 km2. A total of 16 oak-dependent saproxylic species, out of 35, showed a clear relationship with substrate density at scales ranging from 52 m to ⩾5200 m. The characteristic scale of response for species richness of oak specialist species was 2284 m. At this scale, there was a tendency for richness to plateau at about 0.15 oaks ha−1, in which case about 250 hollow or large (circumference 310 cm) oaks would be needed in an area of 1600 ha to ensure a rich saproxylic oak fauna.The main general conclusions were: (i) a multi-scale approach is especially valuable to identify the characteristic scale of response; and that assuming a joint, single scale for all species may result in very poor decision support. (ii) The variation in species’ responses to substrate density at different scales means that habitat loss and fragmentation as well as management and restoration may have very different effects upon different species. (iii) Some species respond both to local and landscape scales, indicating that species occurrences in fragmented oak landscapes are affected both by short-term dynamics of the beetles and long term dynamics of the oak substrate. (iv) Maps, useful as decision support, can be constructed based on resource availability (in our case oak density) and characteristic scales.

The provision of ecosystem services is directly related to the type of land use and land cover and management practices in a given area. Changes in land use and land cover can alter the supply of ecosystem services and affect the well-being of both humanity and nature. This study analyses the spatiotemporal variations of land use and land cover and quantifies the change in three important ecosystem services (food production, carbon storage, and habitat quality) in the Koshi River Basin, Nepal during 1996–2016 by using freely available data and tools such as, Landsat satellite images and the Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Trade-offs (InVEST) model. During the observed time period, there was an overall gain in urban areas (190 sq.km), forests (773 sq.km) and grassland (431 sq.km); loss of cultivated land (220 sq.km) and shrub lands (847 sq.km), mostly occurring in the lowlands (≤1000 m). As a result of the land cover changes, while food production and carbon storage showed a declining trend, overall habitat quality in the basin increased. There is a need to design novel and effective landscape approaches that address local realities and that will aid the maintenance of ecosystem services. We recommend landscape level planning to improve urban and agricultural sectors and focus on halting the loss of ecosystem services.

The seabed community provides a sensitive litmus for environmental change. North Sea analysis of benthic populations provides an effective means for monitoring impacts from man's interventions, such as offshore oil exploitation and fishing, against baseline knowledge of the environment. Comparable knowledge of the benthic biology in the deep waters of the Atlantic Frontier beyond the N.E. Atlantic shelf edge is poorly developed. But uncertainties should not encourage assumptions and extrapolations from the better-known conditions on the continental shelf. While sampling at present still provides the best means to assess the health of the deepwater benthic habitat, protocols developed for deep-sea fauna should be applied. These are necessary because of (a) lower faunal densities, (b) higher species richness, (c) smaller body size, and (d) to ensure comparability with other deep-sea data. As in the North Sea, species richness and relative abundance can be analysed from quantitative samples in order to detect impacts. But analysis based on taxonomic sufficiency above species level is premature, even if arguably possible for coastal communities. Measures also need to ensure identifications are not forced to more familiar coastal species without proper study. Species-level analysis may be applied to seabed photographs of megafauna in relation to data on bottom environment, such as currents and the sediment, to monitor the health of the deep-water community. Although the composition of higher taxa in the benthic community is broadly similar to soft sediments on the shelf, concordance in sensitivities is speculative. Moreover, new organisms occur, such as giant protozoan xenophyophores, unknown on the continental shelf, whose sensitivities remain conjectural. Past knowledge of the benthic biology of the deep-water areas off Scotland is based on scattered stations and some more focussed, multidisciplinary studies, and should be significantly augmented by the results from the oil industry-funded Atlantic Margin Environmental Study cruises in 1996 and 1998. A predominantly depth-related pattern in variability applies here as found elsewhere in the deep ocean, and just sufficient knowledge-based predictive power exists to make comprehensive, high-resolution grid surveys unnecessary for the purpose of broad-scale environmental assessment. But new, small-scale site surveys remain necessary because of local-scale variability. Site survey should be undertaken in the context of existing knowledge of the deep sea in the UK area of the Atlantic Frontier and beyond, and can itself usefully be structured as tests of a projection from the regional scale to reduce sampling effort. It is to the benefit of all stakeholders that environmental assessment aspires to the highest scientific standards and contributes meaningfully to context knowledge. By doing so it will reduce uncertainties in future impact assessments and hence contribute usefully to environmental risk management.

Spotlight surveys were conducted from 1992 to 1997 to determine the population status of Morelet's crocodile, Crocodylus moreletii, in northern Belize. A total of 754 crocodiles were observed and 481.9 km surveyed (1.55/km). Encounter rates were highest in non-alluvial (8.20/km) and alluvial (6.11/km) lagoons, and considerably lower in most rivers and creeks (0.95/km), and coastal mangrove habitats (0.24/km). The population sex ratio was significantly male biased (1 female:5.3 males), although the reasons for this are unclear. Comparisons with survey data from 1979 to 1980 suggest substantial population recovery has occurred following legal protection in 1981. At present there are no immediate threats to the continued survival of Morelet's crocodile in Belize. Conservation actions should address the creation of additional protected areas in anticipation of future regional development.

The participation of the public in environmental decision-making and management is increasingly seen as essential for the success of conservation initiatives. Ecological scientists and conservation practitioners have, however, argued that a lack of understanding of biodiversity issues by the public is a barrier to their effective participation in decision-making processes. These arguments are often based on studies where scientific knowledge is used as the sole measure of public understanding of biodiversity, and therefore fail to account for individuals’ constructs of biodiversity and related issues such as biodiversity management.We examined individuals’ mental constructs of biodiversity, and their conceptual contexts, through a series of focus group discussions with members of the general public in Scotland. To gain a fuller picture of public understanding of biodiversity, we distinguished between mental associations with the term ‘biodiversity’, and the meanings associated with biodiversity-related concepts independent of scientific terminology.We found participants to express rich mental concepts of biodiversity, irrespective of their scientific knowledge. These included notions of balance, food chains and human–nature interactions, and showed strong normative dimensions that were used to define desirable or ideal states of nature. These concepts of biodiversity were, in turn, strongly related to their attitudes towards how best to manage biodiversity.This study highlights that a better understanding of individuals’ mental constructs of biodiversity, which are linked to their attitudes towards biodiversity management, is essential for the design of biodiversity-related policies that are supported by the public.

In European forests, large scale biodiversity monitoring networks need to be implemented – networks which include components such as taxonomical groups that are at risk and that depend directly on forest stand structure. In this context, monitoring the species-rich group of saproxylic beetles is challenging. In the absence of sufficient resources to comprehensively survey a particular group, surrogates of species richness can be meaningful tools in biodiversity evaluations. In search of restricted subsets of species to use as surrogates of saproxylic beetle richness, we led a case study in Western Europe.Beetle data were compiled from 67 biodiversity surveys and ecological studies carried out from 1999 to 2010 with standardised trapping methods in France and Belgium. This large-scale dataset contains 642 forest plots, 1521 traps and 856 species. Twenty-two simplified species subsets were identified as potential surrogates, as well as the number of genera, a higher taxonomic level, taking into account, for each surrogate, the effort required for species identification, the practical monitoring experience necessary, the species conservation potential or the frequency of species occurrence. The performance of each surrogate was analyzed based on the following parameters: overall surrogacy (correlation between subset richness and total species richness), surrogacy vs. identification cost balance, surrogacy variation over a wide range of ecological conditions (forest type, altitude, latitude and bio-geographical area) and consistency with spatial scale. Ecological representativeness and ability to monitor rare species were supplementary criteria used to assess surrogate performance.The subsets consisting of the identifiable (or only easy-to-identify species) could easily be applied in practice and appear to be the best performing subsets, from a global point of view.The number of genera showed good prediction at the trap level and its surrogacy did not vary across wide environmental gradients. However, the subset of easy-to-identify species and the genus number were highly sensitive to spatial scale, which limits their use in large-scale studies. The number of rare species or the species richness of single beetle families (even the best single-family subset, the Cerambycidae) was very weak surrogates for total species richness. Conversely, the German list of monitoring species had high surrogacy, low identification costs and was not strongly influenced by the main geographical parameters, even with our French and Belgian data.In European-wide monitoring networks, such internationally validated subsets could be very useful with regard to the timing and cost-efficiency of field inventories.

This article proposes, through a joint analysis of a range of satellite data sets, a regional approach to the assessment of forest cover of Central Africa and a continuously updated information base on which to build a monitoring system. The following landscapes are described in detail: lowland rain forest, swamp forest, secondary formations, forest–savanna mosaic, and plantations. The separability between the vegetation types is thus established for the sensors available at a regional scale (AVHRR, ATSR, ERS-1 SAR) and over a broad range of ecotones. The performances of the different sensors illustrate the complementarity of the presently available remote sensing techniques. A regional vegetation map was produced of a part of the Congo Basin covering about 20 million ha by the combination of the best sensors used in the present study. Each vegetation type is mapped with the most appropriate sensor in terms of spectral behavior and spatial resolution. AVHRR data are used for the distinction between forest and savanna and for overall ecosystem monitoring, ATSR data have been showed appropriate for mapping the secondary forests, while ERS SAR data are reliable for mapping the gallery-forests, the plantations, and the swamp forests. A contingency matrix has been computed between the synthetic vegetation map and the national forest map of Congo-Kinshasa. The overall accuracy of the synthetic map is 74.6%. The main source of difference is related to the confusion between lowland rain forest and swamp forest. The combination of these sensors contributes thus to a new product, the thematic content and spatial detail of which has never been achieved before at the regional level.

As part of a larger study evaluating several silvicultural techniques for restoring tropical moist forests on abandoned agricultural lands in southeastern Brazil, direct seeding with five early-successional Atlantic forest species was tested at three degraded sites, characterized by different soil types and land-use histories, within the Environmental Protection Area at Botucatu, SP. The species used in this study were Chorisia speciosa, Croton floribundus, Enterolobium contorstisiliquum, Mimosa scabrella, and Schizolobium parahyba. Scarified seeds of each of these species were sown in prepared seed spots in replicated, 0.25 ha mixed-species plots at an initial espacement of 1m×1 m at each site. Of the five species planted, only two, Enterolobium and Schizolobium, showed good seed germination, seedling survival, and early growth rates, averaging 4.1–4.6 cm stem diameter and 1.5–1.7 m height growth during the first 2 years after sowing. These two species constituted 88–100% of the total stand density, which ranged from 1050 to 1790 stems ha−1 at 2 years. Despite the poor performance of the other species tested, we observed that the natural regeneration of native forest species originating from remnant forests in the general vicinity of our study sites was significantly greater within the direct-seeded plots than in unplanted control plots that were protected from fire and other disturbances.

Many forest plantations in the humid neo-tropics are established on degraded soils in abandoned pasture land and, with some exceptions, the species planted have not grown successfully. Studies of adaptability and growth under these conditions are scarce, particularly for native species. In this paper we present data on growth and tree form at 3 years of age for 11 species planted in abandoned pastures. The research plantation was established at La Selva Biological Station, in the Atlantic lowlands of Costa Rica (10° 26′N, 83° 59′W). Survival, diameter at breast height (DBH), total height, basal area, volume index and tree form were used to evaluate the species performance. After 3 years, Vochysia guatemalensis displayed a survival significantly higher (98%) than that of the other species. The lowest survival was 75% for Pinus tecunumanii. There were significant differences in growth measures among species. Acacia mangium exhibited significantly higher growth rates than the other species. Although this species grew rapidly, it did not develop straight single stems. About 14% of trees of A. mangium had bifurcation below DBH and more than 50% showed multiple axes or branches as large in diameter as the principal axis. The native species with the highest growth rate was Vochysia guatemalensis (DBH 12.7 cm, total height 7.5 m, volume index 55 m3 ha−1 at 3 years of age). Vochysia ferruginea exhibited a slightly lower growth rate. Both Vochysia species were ranked highly with regard to tree form, with more than 80% straight single stemmed trees. The lowest growth rates were exhibited by Pentaclethra macroloba, Pithecellobium macradenium and Virola koschnyi; however, the latter two species formed straight single terms. Pentaclethra macroloba and Inga edulis failed to form straight single stems. In general, the growth rates of the species studied were high in comparison with results reported from other tree plantations in the tropics. In spite of this, it is not prudent to draw final conclusions on the basis of these 3 year measurements.

Urbanisation is an important driver of biodiversity loss, also contributing to habitat loss and fragmentation of grasslands at the urban-rural interface. While urban green spaces are known to include many grassland habitats, it is uncertain to what extent urban land use types harbour grasslands of special conservation interest and whether patch characteristics and connectivity of these differ from grasslands on agricultural land. By relating the city-wide biotope mapping to the land use mapping of Berlin, Germany, we assessed (1) to which specific urban land use types the major grassland biotope types belong, (2) differences in patch characteristics and connectivity, and (3) the conservation value of grassland patches at a typological level by means of their legal protection status. Grasslands cover 5% of Berlin's surface, and 43% of that area is assigned to legally protected grassland types. The majority of legally protected grassland (71%) lies on urban land opposed to 29% on agricultural land. Airports and historic parks, which only cover 2% of land in Berlin, contain one-third of all protected dry grasslands. Wet grassland is more confined to agricultural land. In airports and agricultural areas, grassland patches are larger but of a more complex shape than those in historic parks. In airports, grassland patches show greater connectivity as they are situated in grassland-dominated surroundings. Grassland in historic parks appears to be more vulnerable due to smaller patch sizes and higher fragmentation. The example of Berlin demonstrates that the urban green infrastructure can clearly contribute to grassland conservation and may thus partially compensate for the decline of traditional grasslands in cultural landscapes. It will be important to involve residents and landowners in urban grassland conservation and management because most grassland of special conservation interest (57%) was found outside of conservation areas.

We evaluate the possible effects of climate change on vegetation in Central and West Africa. We chose two climate scenarios from the IPCC Third Assessment Report, ECHAM3 with scenario B2 and HADCM3 model with scenario A1FI, to force the dynamic vegetation model IBIS. Both climate scenarios are warmer everywhere in the domain, wetter around Lake Chad and drier along the Atlantic coast. We chose not to consider the physiological effect of increased CO2 on plant production and kept CO2 fixed at 350 ppmv. Our simulations of the end of the 21st century result in less extensive tropical forests and reduced leaf area index and net primary productivity (NPP) where forest remains. At the northern and southern limits of the forest there is also a switch between tropical evergreen types and tropical deciduous types. With one climate scenario, vegetation cover and NPP increase around Lake Chad. The simulated climate change also results in widespread increase in evapotranspiration and reduction in runoff and NPP (proxies for important ecosystem services, like freshwater availability, food, timber and fuel supply) along the Atlantic coast. Additional simulations where only one variable is changed show that temperature, through its effect on evapotranspiration and NPP plays a crucial role in vegetation change in the region.

In this paper, we conduct multivariate analyses of similarity amongst lidar instruments and canopy models by exploiting the similarities of binned canopy height profiles to community datasets in that we treat profile bins as “species” to calculate distance matrices between sample units. Canopy profiles were derived from lidar data using the MacArthur–Horn transformation and from field data using a model we developed that uses two sets of allometric equations describing crown shape and tree height and a third from raw field data. We conducted a statistical comparison of seven asynchronous relative vegetation profiles (RVP) derived from different methodologies between the years of 2005 and 2012. We compared three airborne lidar datasets, three modeled profiles from field data, and one terrestrial lidar dataset using pairwise Mantel tests, multi-response permutation procedure (MRPP) and a permutation-based comparison using a similarity index for within plot comparisons. We used the results of MRPP to determine possible drivers of poor agreement between instruments and models and found a moderate relationship between within-plot variability (observed delta) and estimated above ground biomass (r2 = 0.273, p < 0.05), which we attribute to poor model performance on low density/low biomass plots. In addition, correlation analysis of height metrics derived from RVPs resulted in weak correlations at low height percentiles and strong correlations at higher percentiles. Overall, we identified general similarity between lidar profiles using MRPP (lidar only A = 0.202, p < 0.001), but poorer agreement between lidar and modeled profiles (all profiles A = 0.076, p < 0.001). We attribute some of these differences to selection of canopy profile models and to approaches used for accounting for canopy occlusion in lidar transformations. In addition, we discuss the possibility of using Mantel tests to estimate temporal scales of vertical structure change in La Selva Biological Station, Costa Rica.

Identifying areas with relevant features of biodiversity is useful to rank priorities for strengthening the design of well-sited natural protected areas and to optimize resource investment in conservation. This study provides decision makers critical tools for highlighting pieces of land worthy of conservation in Spain. We studied four taxa—amphibians, reptiles, nesting birds and mammals—in a 50 × 50 km grid (n=259 cells). We used five criteria for identifying areas of high-value diversity: species richness, rarity, vulnerability, a combined index of biodiversity, and a Standardized Biodiversity Index that measured all four taxa together. As far as we know, the combined index of biodiversity and the Standardized Biodiversity Index are original. Areas of high-value diversity were defined as those cells within the 15% top segment of ranked values for the different criteria. Congruence of areas of high-value diversity for taxa pairs was moderate to low, and averaged 38.5% for areas of high-value diversity based on the combined index of biodiversity. The performance based on the average proportion of threatened species excluded from areas of high-value diversity followed the rank combined index of biodiversity=rarity (0.3%) > vulnerability (9.9%) > species richness (13.8%). The areas of high-value diversity identified according to the Standardized Biodiversity Index included all amphibian and mammal species, all but one reptile species (categorized as rare) and all but six bird species (three of which were categorized as threatened). About 70% of the areas of high-value diversity identified based on the Standardized Biodiversity Index included natural protected areas. However, they average only 274.6 km2, thus occupying a small fraction of the areas of high-value diversity, and there is no guarantee that the species found in an area of high-value diversity site will be present in its protected fraction. Consequently, we urge managers of natural protected areas to conduct diversity surveys. We also urge that additional natural protected areas be established to include the gap of 30% of areas of high-value diversity not currently protected. We took an step for biodiversity conservation planning in the studied region, and discuss the usefulness of maps of areas of high-value diversity for conservation, ecological restoration, and environmental impact assessment and mitigation.

Tree and wood biomass from urban areas is a potentially large, underutilized resource viewed in the broader social context of biomass production and utilization. Here, data and analysis from a regional study in a 13-county area of Michigan, U.S.A. are combined with data and analysis from several other studies to examine this potential. The results suggest that urban trees and wood waste offer a modest amount of biomass that could contribute significantly more to regional and national bio-economies than it does at present. Better utilization of biomass from urban trees and wood waste could offer new sources of locally generated wood products and bio-based fuels for power and heat generation, reduce fossil fuel consumption, reduce waste disposal costs and reduce pressure on forests. Although wood biomass generally constitutes a “carbon-neutral” fuel, burning rather than burying urban wood waste may not have a net positive effect on reducing atmospheric CO2 levels, because it may reduce a significant long term carbon storage pool. Using urban wood residues for wood products may provide the best balance of economic and environmental values for utilization.

Climate change-induced rising sea levels are expected to affect coastal habitats worldwide, and the associated coastal squeeze in protected coastal areas might significantly alter availability of coastal habitats. This study combines coastal bathymetry and elevation models to develop a continuous topographic model covering coastal areas on a large geographical scale, and predicts the areal change in five habitats important to numerous breeding and migrating birds. Our model indicates considerable declines in coastal habitats as a result of coastal squeeze, and reveals major conservation concerns regarding future preservation of essential waterbird habitats. In our study area this will directly influence seven species of herbivorous waterbirds occurring at internationally important numbers, and a total of 41 species of coastal birds protected under the EU Birds Directive, many of which are currently designated as having an unfavourable conservation status. Declines in coastal habitats will also affect invertebrates and fish, and through effects on food webs have an even wider ecological implication. These findings highlight the need of focused coastal management, and illustrate the cost of uncritically protecting human agricultural interests while preventing natural dynamics of the coastal zone. Our analysis indicate that pulling down existing sea walls will reduce the loss by 37–65% dependent on habitat type, but that complete compensation is unlikely in our study area due to local topography. Managed retreat of coastlines might be an efficient solution to counteract the effects of coastal squeeze, but the time and interests associated with implementation of such mitigation measures imply that the time for action is now.

The consequences of Quaternary climatic fluctuations on plant evolutionary history have been well documented in North America and Europe but have been far less studied in the Neotropical region. Diversification patterns in South American grasslands have been neglected, especially in the Pampas. In this study, we applied an ensemble-modeling framework and a bioregionalization method to test the hypothesis that Petunia axillaris subspecies responded differently to past climate changes in the South American grasslands. Scenarios for the future were projected to better understand the consequences of climatic shifts on the species’ survival. Our results revealed that each subspecies is currently distributed in different bioregions and displays substantial geographic separation as a consequence of past climate oscillations. The projected future scenarios suggest that all subspecies would be affected by habitat fragmentation. This could influence the genetic structuring among P. axillaris populations, as the diversity of grasslands species depends on the genetic characteristics of the remaining populations over the fragmented regions. These results reinforce the importance of considering intraspecific diversity when planning conservation efforts in grasslands in southern South America.

Improving predictions of the location of suitable environmental conditions for species using species distribution models (SDM) is at the core of biodiversity/climate change research, but modelling species abundance, rather than distribution, is proving particularly challenging. Using data from more than 200,000 forest plots in eastern North America and Random Forest, we evaluated the performance of species abundance models (SAM) in predicting the relative abundance (measured as importance value) of each of 105 tree species in relation to climate, edaphic, and topographic variables. We calculated the coefficient of determination RSAM2 between observed and predicted abundances as a measure of model performance for each species. We also performed multiple linear regressions to explain variation of RSAM2 among species using five biogeographical or spatial attributes of species as explanatory variables. Predictive performances of SAM RSAM2 were generally low, ranging from 0.016 to 0.815 (mean = 0.258). Black spruce (Picea mariana) had the best predictive model and Florida maple (Acer barbatum) and American chestnut (Castanea dentata) the worst. Thirty-seven of the 41 best performing species RSAM2⩾0.3 had climate ranked as the best and/or second best predictor. Species with the best performance tended to be those that could reach dominance, showed aggregated distribution of abundance, and/or had high latitudinal limits in the study area. Climate change is likely to affect patterns of dominance in communities by altering patterns of co-occurrences, but for many species that constitute the bulk of tree diversity, predictions based solely on the current distribution of relative abundances may not be reliable enough to inform conservation or management decisions. Predicting tree abundance in a warming climate using SAM remains a challenge, but it is only by reporting performances across a range of climate and statistical models, regions and species, as well as by highlighting model limitations and strengths, that we will improve the reliability of predictions and in turn better inform forest conservation and management.

The transfer of legal responsibilities from the Central Government to the Autonomous Communities ended a tradition of paying little attention to endangered Spanish flora. The studies undertaken to implement the European Natura 2000 network, and to prepare regional ‘Red Data Books’ and lists of protected flora offered a much better view of which species were really at risk. As a consequence, a growing number of botanists is now involved in different aspects of conservation biology. The recent publication of a new Spanish Red List of vascular flora has provided the groundwork for the so-called ‘Threatened Flora Atlas’ project, which will update and homogenise the information on 500 taxa at risk. This project will produce a new Spanish Red Book and monitor the status of 40 selected species. The Spanish strategy for plant conservation is discussed, pointing out some deficiencies, such as the neglect of non-vascular taxa, the uneven and sometimes uncoordinated local policies and the uncertain future of some current initiatives.

The breeding seabirds of the Azores comprise five species of Procellariiformes, four Charadriiformes and one Pelecaniform. This paper reviews their past and present status, ecology and conservation. Historical population trends inferred from 16th and 17th century chronicles indicate dramatic declines for most species. While the main islands were important breeding places in the past, most seabird populations are now restricted to small islets. Intra- and inter-specific competition for nest sites is noteworthy among burrowing Procellariiformes and shortage of optimal breeding habitat seems important in limiting their populations. The chick-rearing periods of Procellariiformes with similar ecological niche do not overlap, suggesting that segregation related to partitioning of food resources or breeding habitat may be operating. Current threats to the Azores seabirds are diverse and may differentially affect the various species. They range from predation by introduced mammals, human disturbance and exploitation, habitat loss due to invasive alien plants and overgrazing by rabbits, and, potentially, competition with fisheries. Although the importance of the Azores seabird fauna was recognised in recent inventories, accurate population estimates are lacking and many potential breeding areas need surveying. For effective conservation much direct action is needed, including management plans for virtually all sites and wardening at the most important sites.

Deep-water coral ecosystems are hot spots of biodiversity and provide habitats and refuges for several deep-sea species. However, their role in shaping the biodiversity of the surrounding open slopes is still poorly known. We investigated how meiofaunal biodiversity varies with and is related to the occurrence of deep-water living scleractinian corals and coral rubble in two deep-sea areas (the Rockall Bank, north-eastern Atlantic) and the Santa Maria di Leuca (central Mediterranean). In both areas, replicated sampling on alive and dead coral areas and from the adjacent slope sediments without corals (at the same and increasing depths) allowed us to demonstrate that sediments surrounding the living corals and coral rubble were characterised by higher meiofaunal biodiversity (as number of higher taxa, and nematode species richness) than the slope sediments. Despite the soft sediments surrounding the living coral having a higher nutritional value than those not associated with corals, with the opposite seen for coral rubble, the presence of both alive and dead corals had a significant effect on nematode assemblages. Our data suggest that, due particularly to the effects on habitat heterogeneity/complexity, both living coral and coral rubble promoted higher biodiversity levels than in surrounding slope sediments. We conclude that the protection of deep-water corals can be crucial to preserve the biodiversity of surrounding open slopes, and that the protection of dead corals, a so-far almost neglected habitat in terms of biological conservation, can further contribute to the maintenance of a high deep-sea biodiversity along continental margins.

 past twenty years conservation genetics has progressed from being mainly a theory-based field of population biology to a full-grown empirical discipline. Technological developments in molecular genetics have led to extensive use of neutral molecular markers such as microsatellites in conservation biology. This has allowed assessment of the impact of genetic drift on genetic variation, of the level of inbreeding within populations, and of the amount of gene flow between or within populations. Recent developments in genomic techniques, including next generation sequencing, whole genome scans and gene-expression pattern analysis, have made it possible to step up from a limited number of neutral markers to genome-wide estimates of functional genetic variation. Here, we focus on how the transition of conservation genetics to conservation genomics leads to insights into the dynamics of selectively important variation and its interaction with environmental conditions, and into the mechanisms behind this interaction.

baseline data on taxonomy and species distribution, and its integration with environmental variables, has a valuable role to play in achieving internationally recognised targets for plant diversity conservation, such as the Global Strategy for Plant Conservation. The importance of primary baseline data and the role of biodiversity informatics in linking these data to other environmental variables are discussed. The need to maintain digital resources and make them widely accessible is an additional requirement of institutions who already collect and maintain this baseline data. The lack of resources in many species-rich areas to gather these data and make them widely accessible needs to be addressed if the full benefit of biodiversity informatics on plant conservation is to be realised.

EARTH University is a small agronomic university with a theme of sustainability in eastern Costa Rica. Several natural and constructed wetlands on its campus are used for research, water quality improvement, and higher education. It has become an important location for research and teaching on humid tropical wetland ecology and management. A 112-ha flow-through Raphia taedigera (Arecaceae) forested wetland is being used for climate change research, focusing on carbon sequestration and methane generation. Methane emissions are measured seasonally and are comparable to rates in tropical wetlands published elsewhere. Carbon sequestration by the wetland appears to be substantially higher than similar flow-through temperate zone wetlands. Treatment wetlands are used on campus to improve water quality of effluents from an animal farm, a dairy plant, a landfill, and a banana paper plant. Water quality was substantially improved in all of these wetlands except the landfill leachate wetland. All of these campus wetlands have been integrated into the four-year education program of EARTH University and 22 undergraduate projects have been completed on wetlands over the past 14 years.

The Red-spectacled Amazon (Amazona pretrei) is an endangered, small range and migratory parrot threatened by habitat destruction and pet trade. We modelled its geographical distribution with the objective of predicting its historical, current and future (in face of climatic changes) geographical distributions. We also tested the assumption that the species tracks similar ecological conditions while seasonally migrating. Finally, we estimated the overlap between its predicted distributions and the current protected areas network. We used eight modelling techniques in an ensemble-forecasting approach to reach consensus distributional scenarios. The modelled historical breeding and wintering ranges covered a larger area than today. Its current year-round distribution is located in the same region as before but decreased by 13%, whereas the breeding range decreased by 32%, and the wintering range by 43%. The future year-round distribution is predicted to decrease by 47% and shift to east by 2060. Even more drastic decreases in range are predicted for breeding (63%) and wintering (91%) ranges. The niches of the breeding and wintering distributions are good predictors of the records of the other season. The greatest variation (SDs) in the predictions comes from modelling tools and GCMs, and little from climatic scenarios. However, variation in predictions were small within high probability regions for modelling tools by higher everywhere for GCMs and climatic scenarios. The Red-spectacled Amazon is currently underrepresented (<1% of year-round range, and <4% of each seasonal range) in the current reserve system. A broad view over all estimated and predicted ranges revealed that a small portion of the range has a very important role in current and future conservation actions for this bird – in the northeast part of state of Rio Grande do Sul and southeast state of Santa Catarina, Brazil.

Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play a key role in the maintenance of the balance of terrestrial ecosystems, but little is known about the biogeography of these fungi, especially on tropical islands. This study aims to compare AMF community structure along a transect crossing a fluvial-marine island and relate these communities with soil and vegetation parameters to shed light on the forces driving AMF community structure on a local scale. We tested the hypothesis that the composition of AMF communities changes across the island, even within short distances among sites, in response to differences in edaphic characteristics and vegetation physiognomies. We sampled roots and soils in five different natural and degraded habitats: preserved mangrove forest (MF), degraded mangrove forest (MD), natural Restinga forest (RF), and two regeneration Restinga forests (RR1 and RR2) on Ilha da Restinga, northeastern Brazil. We determined the mycorrhizal colonization rate and AMF community structure based on morphological spore identification. The island soils were sandy with pH varying from acid to neutral; higher levels of organic matter were registered in RF and lower in MF; other chemical and physical soil attributes differed along the habitat types on the island. In total, 22 AMF species were identified, without any difference in species richness. However, the diversity and composition of AMF communities, spore abundance per families, and mycorrhizal colonization were statistically different among the habitats. The composition of AMF communities was strongly related to soil characteristics, especially the sum of exchangeable bases. Our results indicate that the different habitat types have diverse AMF communities even within short distances among habitats. In conclusion, islands with high spatial heterogeneity in soil parameters and diverse vegetation are potential refuges for the diversity conservation of AM fungi.

In restoration ecology, the search for key variables which allows an informative and concise diagnosis on areas undergoing restoration is still a challenge. Choosing which indicators to use is a fundamental decision when proposing monitoring of any restored area. Here, we have aimed to contribute with the selection of key indicators by identifying plant parameters that are useful to assess restored areas in using a 5-year-old rehabilitated riparian forest as a case study. Initially, we used 14 descriptors to assess the ecosystem attributes of structure, diversity and ecological processes, and then we conducted a model selection to identify variables that best explained the restoration success (defined as the richness of native tree species). Our final model contained six parameters: native tree species (the response variable), native and exotic species of other life forms, basal area, tree density, and canopy openness) and an adjusted R2 of 92%. As the predictive model doesn’t contain variables related to ecological processes, we included seedling recruitment or litterfall production to evaluate this attribute. The selected indicators evidenced that the tree layer has yet to develop and accumulate biomass, the forest has been enriched by species of other life forms (although many of them were exotic and invasive), and exotic tree and shrub species were dominating seedling recruitment. Such a scenario is likely to occur because the forest is located in an anthropogenic region, and highlights the importance of conserving remnant areas as propagule sources. We suggest some managing actions for the area, and conclude that not all measured indicators were necessary to facilitate good vision about the studied forest (because many had collinear responses), which may be important for directing other monitoring projects and save time and money.

There is increasing interest in mining minerals on the seabed, including seafloor massive sulfide deposits that form at hydrothermal vents. The International Seabed Authority is currently drafting a Mining Code, including environmental regulations, for polymetallic sulfides and other mineral exploitation on the seabed in the area beyond national jurisdictions. This paper summarizes 1) the ecological vulnerability of active vent ecosystems and aspects of this vulnerability that remain subject to conjecture, 2) evidence for limited mineral resource opportunity at active vents, 3) non-extractive values of active vent ecosystems, 4) precedents and international obligations for protection of hydrothermal vents, and 5) obligations of the International Seabed Authority under the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea for protection of the marine environment from the impacts of mining. Heterogeneity of active vent ecosystems makes it extremely challenging to identify “representative” systems for any regional, area-based management approach to conservation. Protection of active vent ecosystems from mining impacts (direct and indirect) would set aside only a small fraction of the international seabed and its mineral resources, would contribute to international obligations for marine conservation, would have non-extractive benefits, and would be a precautionary approach.

Remnant trees within the non-forest matrix are common structures of forest landscapes which have high conservation value due to their supposed roles as biological legacies and stepping stones in fragmented forest scenarios. Fleshy-fruited remnant trees are dispersal foci for many forest plants, as seeds accumulate under their canopies after visitation by forest frugivores. Despite this recognized effect, little is known about the relative role of remnant trees in maintaining their seed dispersal function after forest fragmentation. In this work, conducted in the Cantabrian Range (Northern Spain), seed deposition by frugivorous birds and post-dispersal seed predation by rodents were compared beneath the canopies of hawthorn (Crataegus monogyna) trees scattered in the non-forested matrix, to those embedded in forest patches. We studied two years which had strong differences in community-wide fruit abundance (high in 2004, and low in 2005). Hawthorn and holly (Ilex aquifolium) seeds dominated the seed rain. The density of dispersed seeds differed between years and tree type, with higher values under patch trees relative to remnant ones. However, the effect of tree type depended on both the year and the seed species, as larger differences were found in the year of high fruit availability, and with holly seeds. Higher levels of post-dispersal seed predation on holly seeds also contributed to offset the differences between tree types. Our results suggest that remnant trees, by functioning as dispersal foci, facilitate the dispersal of the two most abundant plant species for forest succession through the matrix. More importantly, we demonstrated that in years of low fruit availability in which forest frugivores are forced to exploit scattered fruit resources, the role of remnant trees may even be equivalent to that played by forest trees.

Given that people are an inseparable part of their environment through their dependence on ecosystems and the services they provide, it is essential to understand the human influences that impact the environment and in turn determine the effects they will have on the existing ecosystem services. This relationship was explored by coupling a habitat vulnerability study with an ecosystem service perception evaluation. A biological survey and a socio-economic study were implemented in western Morocco (Benslimane Province) to identify the vulnerability of different temporary pools and to determine the perceived ecosystem services obtained by local stakeholders. A total of 101 temporary pools were studied and in person interviews were conducted with 110 randomly selected households. For each pool, vulnerability to various land uses, pressures and threats were analyzed. Temporary pools located in forested areas were under less threat than those located in agricultural lands. The nuisances associated with temporary pools were indicated by local stakeholders, increasing the pools’ vulnerability. Provisioning and cultural ecosystem services were also perceived, increasing acceptance for conservation measures. The results of this study highlight the need to account for natural science and social sciences to inform future management. This methodology can further be tested and applied in other fragile ecosystems to better target conservation strategies.

Very broadly conceived, greenways can encompass extensive areas comprising natural and cultural landscapes such as prime farmland and upland habitat, in addition to linear elements such as stream valleys or environmentally sensitive lands which are unfit for development due to wetness, floodability, or steepness. Local land-use regulations can be written and implemented to pre-identify potential open space within each new residential subdivision in such a manner that every development contributes a segment to the community-wide conservation network envisioned in its comprehensive planning documents. These reservations can easily comprise 40–70% of the buildable land within each new neighborhood, a major distinction setting this approach apart from previous “clustering” techniques—which were rarely utilized in any coordinated way to preserve interconnected open space networks. This approach augments the contributions of the planning profession with critical insights from the field of landscape architecture by institutionalizing basic principles of site assessment, planning, and design in new model zoning and subdivision ordinance language. Those recommended regulatory provisions can then be adopted by local governments in developing areas at the edges of expanding metropolitan regions, a process that can be enhanced and accelerated through education programs for local officials. The advantages of this approach lie in its economy, administrative ease, fairness to landowners, and political acceptance, which combine to make it potentially one of the most promising physical planning techniques to emerge in recent decades.

The transformation and degradation of tropical forest is thought to be the primary driving force in the loss of biodiversity worldwide. Developing countries are trying to counter act this massive lost of biodiversity by implementing national parks and biological reserves. Costa Rica is no exception to this rule. National development strategies in Costa Rica, since the early 1970s, have involved the creation of several National Parks and Biological Reserves. This has led to monitoring the integrity of and interactions between these protected areas. Key questions include: “Are these areas' boundaries respected?”; “Do they create a functioning network?”; and “Are they effective conservation tools?”. This paper quantifies deforestation and secondary growth trends within and around protected areas between 1960 and 1997. We find that inside of national parks and biological reserves, deforestation rates were negligible. For areas outside of National Parks and Biological reserves we report that for 1-km buffer zones around such protected areas, there is a net forest gain for the 1987/1997 time period. Thus, it appears that to this point the boundaries of protected areas are respected. However, in the 10-km buffer zones we find significant forest loss for all study periods. This suggests that increasing isolation of protected areas may prevent them from functioning as an effective network.

The venom of the Lansberg's hognose pitviper, Porthidium lansbergii lansbergii, a species found in the northern region of Colombia, is poorly known. Aiming to increase knowledge on Porthidium species venoms, its proteomic analysis and functional evaluation of in vitro and in vivo activities relevant to its toxicity were undertaken. Out of 51 protein components resolved by a combination of RP-HPLC and SDS-PAGE, 47 were assigned to 12 known protein families. In similarity with two previously characterized venoms from species within this genus, Porthidium nasutum and Porthidium ophryomegas, that of P. lansbergii lansbergii was dominated by metalloproteinases, although in lower proportion. A common feature of the three Porthidium venoms appears to be a high content of disintegrins. Proteins not previously observed in Porthidium venoms belong to the vascular endothelium growth factor, phosphodiesterase, and phospholipase B families. P. lansbergii lansbergii venom showed relatively weak lethal activity to mice, and induced a moderate local myotoxicity, but considerable hemorrhage. Its isolated VEGF component showed potent edema-inducing activity in the mouse footpad assay. Significant thrombocytopenia, but no other major hematological changes, were observed in envenomed mice. In vitro, this venom lacked coagulant effect on human plasma, and induced a potent inhibition of platelet aggregation which was reproduced by its purified disintegrin components. Phospholipase A2 and proteolytic activities were also demonstrated. Overall, the compositional and functional data herein described for the venom of P. lansbergii lansbergii may contribute to a better understanding of envenomings by this pitviper species, for which specific clinical information is lacking.Biological significancePorthidium lansbergii lansbergii is estimated to be responsible for nearly 20% of snakebite envenoming cases at the Atlantic Department of Colombia, but the identity and functional properties of its venom components are largely unknown. This study provides the first combined proteomic and functional analyses of the venom of this pitviper, which may contribute to a better understanding of the features of envenomings by this species.

The worldwide decline in carnivore populations has been attributed to various human impacts. However, our understanding of the mechanisms behind these declines is insufficient to predict the timing and location of local extinctions. We collected data on presence/absence and time since extirpation of jaguars across Venezuela. To test if human impacts or ecosystem productivity better explain the observed spatial variation in probability of jaguar occurrence we compared logistic regression models fit with different combinations of anthropogenic and environmental variables. Similarly, we modelled the time since extirpation, using a multiple regression approach. Our study supported the hypothesis that jaguar extirpations and distribution are determined by a joint effect of anthropogenic factors and environmental variables, mainly those related with ecosystem productivity. Human population density and habitat alterations exerted strong negative effects on jaguar populations, while annual precipitation, mean temperature, forest cover, primary productivity, and other vegetation indices had positive effects. The strength of human impact is shaped by ecosystem productivity: jaguars disappear faster in dry, unproductive areas, and survive better in humid, productive areas even when human densities are higher. We estimated that jaguars in Venezuela have been extirpated from approximately 26% of the territory of Venezuela; present jaguar range covers approximately 66% of the country. We demonstrate that human population density alone cannot adequately explain past extirpations nor predict future jaguar declines. We conclude that the predicted future growth of the human population will not necessarily determine jaguar declines, and proper management and conservation programs could potentially prevent jaguar extirpations.

We review the current state of dendroarchaeology in the Iberian Peninsula and discuss its potential, outlining the particular relevance and complexity of this territory and its material heritage for dendroarchaeological studies. Whereas dendrochronology is used throughout the rest of Europe to answer questions about cultural heritage, the application of dendroarchaeology in the Iberian Peninsula has been remarkably underrepresented in comparison to dendroecology and dendroclimatology. Existing tree-ring chronologies in this territory have a widespread geographical coverage, but are often too short to allow dendroarchaeological studies, resulting in inadequate assessments of material heritage made of wood in and originating from the Iberian Peninsula. However, different studies have demonstrated that dendroarchaeology has a great potential in the area. This review illustrates the rich variety of Iberian material heritage from different periods and cultures covering over 8000 years that could profit from dendrochronological research. Future research possibilities in relation to the available Iberian heritage in Spain, Portugal and worldwide are proposed.

Past regeneration patterns of Quercus robur L. and Fagus sylvatica L. and their relationship to canopy structure, disturbances and forest-use history were investigated in an old-growth, lowland forest in Cantabria, Northern Spain. Dendroecological techniques were used to estimate tree ages and reconstruct disturbance histories in four representative stands which differed in composition and structure. Age estimates and tree locations were used to reconstruct patterns of tree establishment. Documentary sources were also used to report on changes in land-use during the past 250 years. Age structures of both species were discontinuous in time and space, and revealed two main cohorts distributed in even-aged, spatially segregated patches. Juveniles showed a clumped spatial pattern at varying distances, indicating an establishment in more or less extensive patches. Establishment site analyses revealed that Q. robur regenerated in canopy gaps, while F. sylvatica recruited throughout the forest floor, but it displayed inhibition near mature conspecifics. A lack of tree establishment from the 1840s to the 1920s coincided with an intense grazing pressure from domestic animals. F. sylvatica exhibited continuous recruitment in periods of forest protection against grazing, such as from the 1740s to the 1830s and from the 1920s. By contrast, Q. robur recruitment was dependent on both low grazing intensities and disturbances that resulted in the expansion of existing canopy openings, as occurred in 1943, 1956 and 1967. Past selective cuttings, canopy closure and forest protection could be responsible for the increasing decline of oak dominance. Planting Q. robur and controlling F. sylvatica regeneration are therefore advisable to prevent the complete domination of beech in the future forest canopy.

Non-indigenous plant species have been frequently reported as successful invaders in island environments, changing plant community composition and structure. This is the case of the sweet pittosporum (Pittosporum undulatum), native from Australia, which is one of the most successful plant invaders in the Azores archipelago. Data extracted from recent forestry inventories were used to model and map the potential distribution of P. undulatum in São Miguel, the larger island of the Azores. Current distribution of P. undulatum is related to climate, altitude and some human activity effects. Further analysis of the areas under risk of invasion showed that protected areas are under potential threat, although only a few native forest remnants seem to be threatened due to future expansion of P. undulatum, since the current distribution of these native communities has been reduced due to clearing and competition with invasive plants. We discuss the threats that any further expansion of the species will represent for low-altitude native forests, as well as the utility of species distribution models in the assessment of the areas under risk of invasion.

Pittosporum undulatum Ventenat (Pittosporaceae) is an invasive tree of forests and woodlands in several regions of the world. In the Azores archipelago it occupies about 30% of the forested areas and efforts to valorize its biomass are underway. Implementing sustainable forest management requires basic information on tree age and growth rate, yet this information was lacking. We used tree-ring analysis to obtain accurate age estimates and growth rates from a total of 982 live trees (1318 samples: 646 increment cores and 336 pairs of stem discs) that were sampled in São Miguel, Terceira and Graciosa islands. Pittosporum undulatum showed distinct annual growth rings with an increase in cell-wall thickness and a decrease in cell lumen of the Fibers, from early to latewood. We found trees with ages at base and at breast height ranging from 5/4 to 131/108 years, respectively. Samples taken at tree base and at breast height allowed to estimate a diameter growth rate of 0.38 cm.year−1, with an average of 8 years needed to attain breast height, and a rotation period of 26 years to reach the average diameter of 7 cm presently found at the stands. Allometric equations relating tree age and diameter at breast height, tree height, basal area and biomass were found to be significant. Among the models with lowest AIC, equations predicting tree age from diameter at breast height or from biomass showed the best fit (R2 = 0.65 and for R2 = 0.70, respectively). The developed methods and the obtained results can now be used to support management of biomass valorization projects but also to better understand invasion dynamics at conservation devoted areas.

There is growing interest in using switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.) as a biofuel crop and for its potential to sequester carbon. However, there are limited data on the establishment success of this species when grown as a forest intercrop in coastal plain settings of the U.S. Southeast. Therefore, we studied establishment success of switchgrass within experimental intercropped plots and in pure switchgrass plots in an intensively managed loblolly pine (Pinus taeda) plantation in eastern North Carolina. Pine trees were planted in the winter of 2008, and switchgrass was planted in the summer of 2009. Establishment success of switchgrass was measured over the growing season from May to October 2010, and quantified in terms of percent cover, height (cm), tiller density (number of tillers m−2), leaf area index and biomass (Mg ha−1). At the end of the growing season, pure switchgrass plots were taller than the intercropped treatments (114 ± 2 cm versus 98 ± 1 cm, respectively), but no significant treatment effects were evident in the other variables measured. Switchgrass biomass across all treatments increased from 2.65 ± 0.81 Mg ha−1 in 2009 to 4.14 ± 0.45 Mg ha−1 in 2010. There was no significant effect of distance from the pine row on any switchgrass growth parameters. However, we anticipate a shading effect over time that may limit switchgrass growth as the pines approach stand closure.

Large vertebrates are important elements of mutualistic interactions and provide positive impacts on plant population and community dynamics. Despite the increasing interest on vertebrate frugivory we are still not able to disentangle the real contribution of seed dispersal to Neotropical forest functioning. Consuming fruits does not imply effective seed dispersal and many variables, such as seed size and animal diet, may influence the outcome of plant-animal interactions. Here, we performed a comprehensive literature search on seed dispersal by Neotropical vertebrates (with a focus on primates) to closely approach their role as seed dispersers, hypothesizing frugivory degree and seed size as main drivers of fruit handling behavior and diversity of dispersed seeds. We found that the great majority of seeds manipulated by Neotropical primates, with exception to the seed predators pitheciins, were swallowed and passed intact through their gut. Larger seeds (>12 mm) tended of being ingested exclusively by primates and other large vertebrates, such as tapirs and peccaries. Furthermore, primate feeding guild had a great influence on the richness and sizes of seeds dispersed, as primarily frugivores dispersed more species and had higher probabilities of ingesting larger seeds when compared to other feeding guilds. Organizing available knowledge and filling the main knowledge gaps allowed us to validate common sense assumptions and ultimately draw new conclusions about the role played by primates together with other major frugivores in Neotropical forests.

Drastic changes in sediment production in drainage basins can have significant impacts on sediment yield to estuaries. However, significant but less spectacular changes in fluvial sediment regimes have not greatly influenced sediment output of some rivers in the United States Atlantic Drainage. The limited influence of moderate or incremental changes in fluvial sediment systems on estuarine sediment delivery may be attributable to the large proportion of eroded sediment which is stored within the basins, and the transport-limited nature of long-term sediment yields. A sediment budget for the Pee Dee River basin and Waccamaw River/Winyah Bay estuary of the Carolinas shows that only a small proportion of gross eroded sediment within the basin (about 4%) reaches the estuary on an average-annual basis. Because the system appears to be transport-limited, it is estimated that an 88% reduction in the quantity of eroded sediment reaching streams would be necessary to produce significant change in sediment yield to the estuary. Any increase in sediment production would not be reflected at all in the estuary unless it was accompanied by a corresponding increase in fluvial sediment conveyance capacity. Estuarine sedimentary records thus may not reflect some significant changes in fluvial sediment systems.

The treedyn3 forest simulation model is a process model of tree growth, carbon and nitrogen dynamics in a single-species, even-aged forest stand. It is based on the treedyn model. Major changes include the computation of sun angle and radiation as a function of latitude and day of the year, the closed-form integration of canopy production as a function of day and hour, the introduction of tree number, height, and diameter as separate state variables, and different growth strategies, mortalities, and resulting self-thinning as function of crowding competition.The tree/soil system is described by a set of nonlinear ordinary differential equations for the state variables: tree number, base diameter, tree height, wood biomass, nitrogen in wood, leaf mass, fine root mass, fruit biomass, assimilate, carbon and nitrogen in litter, carbon and nitrogen in soil organic matter, and plant-available nitrogen. The model includes explicit formulations of all relevant ecophysiological processes such as: computation of radiation as a function of seasonal time, daytime and cloudiness, light attenuation in the canopy, and canopy photosynthesis as function of latitude, seasonal time, and daytime, respiration of all parts, assimilate allocation, increment formation, nitrogen fixation, mineralization, humification and leaching, forest management (thinning, felling, litter removal, fertilization etc.), temperature effects on respiration and decomposition, and environmental effects (pollution damage to photosynthesis, leaves, and fine roots). Only ecophysiological parameters which can be either directly measured or estimated with reasonable certainty are used. treedyn3 is a generic process model which requires species- and site-specific parametrization. It can be applied to deciduous and coniferous forests under tropical, as well as temperate or boreal conditions.The paper presents a full documentation of the mathematical model as well as representative simulation results for spruce and acacia.

In this paper, we propose a sequentially participative model for planning in transboundary protected areas based on the Analytical Hierarchy Process, Goal Programming and Monte Carlo simulation. The model was developed with two scenarios: one determinist and another with simulations that provide a multi-level ranking of the most relevant goals according stakeholders’ preferences to establish priorities in the planning of protected areas. Moreover, the proposed methodology is capable of identifying conflicts, providing a comparison between the most likely priorities and the most consistent group priorities associated with each planning goal. The model was tested in a Portuguese-Spanish Reserve called Meseta Ibérica and it permitted the identification of the highest conflicts in conservation, agroforestry, local development, fire prevention, wildlife conservation and certification of local products. Moreover, it found strong intercountry conflicts related to development and planning goals associated with governance at the most specific level.

Mill ponds appeared throughout the eastern United States following European settlement. Sedimentation in these systems records centuries of past landscape change. To date, mill ponds on the Atlantic Coastal Plain have received little attention, yet this region had the earliest colonial settlements. Mill ponds here also have potential to record geomorphic change and pollution histories at high-resolution because of easily erodible underlying unconsolidated sediments. This paper presents a c. 300-year record of sedimentation in Lake Matoaka, a former mill pond in Williamsburg, Virginia. We used lead (Pb) and cesium (Cs) isotopes (210Pb, 137Cs), Pb concentrations, stable Pb isotopes (206Pb/207Pb), and chronostratigraphic horizons to develop a chronology, which shows remarkably high sedimentation rates, ∼0.5 cm/yr. Sedimentological data including the analysis of organic matter, grain size, and elemental compositions, revealed past conditions within the lake and its watershed. These data are linked to the operation of the mill c. CE 1700–1910, changes in the dam structure, and other historic developments of the region. Tracing pollution history with 206Pb/207Pb showed mid-1800s atmospheric deposition from smelting of Upper Mississippi Valley district Pb ores, and a sharp maxima in total Pb of 134 μg/g in the 1970s from the peak use of leaded gasoline in North America. Mass accumulation rates climbed from c. 0.08 to 0.28 g/cm/yr during the 18th and 19th centuries from deforestation and agriculture, which is somewhat lower than sediment yields documented in other regions. We suggest that stream channel storage may buffer pond sedimentation within low gradient, coastal plain landscapes. This study contributes to the understanding of sedimentation in mill ponds for reconstructing historic landscape changes and regional pollution history.

Thirty holm oak Quercus rotundifolia forests, ranging from 0·1 to 350 ha, were studied in central Spain to analyse the spatial and temporal patterns of predation in relation to size of forest patches. During two springs (1988 and 1989), quail Coturnix coturnix eggs were placed in these forests to evaluate predation rates. Two trials (April and June) during each year were performed to study the intraseasonal and interyear constancy of predation. Results showed that predation rate tends to increase with forest fragmentation, although forest size was poorly related to predation rate. Predation rates seemed to be constant within spring seasons and between years. These results suggest that predators concentrate their search activities in some selected forests, thus accentuating their effect on prey species.

In a post-Paris Agreement world, where global warming has been limited to 1.5 or 2 °C, adaptation is still needed to address the impacts of climate change. To reinforce the links between such climate actions and sustainable development, adaptation responses should be aligned with goals of environmental conservation, economic development and societal wellbeing. This paper uses a multi-sectoral integrated modelling platform to evaluate the impacts of a + 1.5 °C world to the end of the 21st century under alternative Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs) for Europe. It evaluates the ability of adaptation strategies to concurrently improve a range of indicators, relating to sustainable development, under the constraints imposed by the contrasting SSPs. The spatial synergies and trade-offs between sustainable development indicators (SDIs) are also evaluated across Europe. We find that considerable impacts are present even under low-end climate change, affecting especially biodiversity. Even when the SDIs improve with adaptation, residual impacts of climate change affect all the SDIs, apart from sustainable production. All but one of the adaptation strategies have unintended consequences on one or multiple SDIs, although these differ substantially between strategies, regions and socio-economic scenarios. The exception was the strategy to increase social and human capital. Other strategies that lead to successful adaptation with limited unintended consequences are those aiming at adoption of sustainable behaviours and implementation of sustainable water management. This work stresses the continuing importance of adaptation even under 1.5 °C or 2 °C of global warming. Further, it demonstrates the need for policy-makers to develop holistic adaptation strategies that take account of the synergies and trade-offs between sectoral adaptation strategies, sectors and regions, and are also constrained by scenario context to avoid over-optimistic assessments.

etes recorded from beds of creeping willow, Salix repens in the northern archipelagos of Shetland and Orkney are listed and discussed. Two components are demonstrated, an arctic-alpine group and one which is more typical of lowland frondose woodland communities in mainland Britain. The importance of maintaining, even encouraging the development of creeping willow beds with their attendant ectomycorrhizal fungi in conservation terms are explored.

icle reviews the current status, trends and challenges of land system science in Latin America. We highlight the advances in the conceptualization, analysis and monitoring of land systems. These advances shift from a focus on the relationships between forests and other land uses to include a greater diversity of land cover and land-use types and the processes and interactions that link them. We then provide a biome-level typology of social-ecological land systems (SELS) as an approach to help connect local-level realities to regional processes and we discuss how this approach can help to design more socially inclusive land systems. We also discuss the increased role of distant socio-economic and ecological interactions that connect these SELS to global processes. Combined, these insights support a research agenda for land system science in the region that can develop more accurate and integrative monitoring of land change and their social and ecological consequences, better understand different stakeholder perspectives within a context of livelihood diversification, and encourage institutional feedbacks to govern land systems influenced by distant drivers.

Interannual variability in the global carbon cycle is largely due to variations in carbon uptake by terrestrial ecosystems, yet linkages between climate variability and variability in the terrestrial carbon cycle are not well understood at the global scale. Using a 30-year satellite record of semi-monthly leaf area index (LAI), we show that four modes of climate variability − El Niño/Southern Oscillation, the North Atlantic Oscillation, the Atlantic Meridional Mode, and the Indian Ocean Dipole Mode − strongly impact interannual vegetation growth patterns, with 68% of the land surface impacted by at least one of these teleconnection patterns, yet the spatial distribution of these impacts is heterogeneous. Considering the patterns’ impacts by biome, none has an exclusively positive or negative relationship with LAI. Our findings imply that future changes in the frequency and/or magnitude of teleconnection patterns will lead to diverse changes to the terrestrial biosphere and the global carbon cycle.

The contribution of ecosystems to human well-being has been widely recognised. Taking into account existing trade-offs between ecosystem services (ES) at the farm scale and the dependence of multiple ES on processes that take place at the landscape scale, long-term preservation of multifunctional landscapes must be a priority. Studies carried out from such perspective, and those that develop appropriate indicators, could provide useful tools for integrating ES in landscape planning. In this study we propose a new integrative environmental indicator based on the ES provided by the landscape and named “multiple ecosystem services landscape index” (MESLI). Because synergies and trade-offs between ES are produced at regional or local levels, being different from those perceived at larger scales, MESLI was developed at municipality level. Furthermore, in order to identify main drivers of change in ES provision at the landscape scale an analysis of the relationship between the environmental and the socioeconomic characteristics of the municipalities was carried out. The study was located in the Basque Country and the results demonstrated that the MESLI index is a good tool to measure landscape multifunctionality at local scales. It is effective evaluating landscapes, distinguishing between municipalities based on ES provision, and identifying the drivers of change and their effects. This information about ES provisioning at the local level is usually lacking; therefore, MESLI would be very useful for policy-makers and land managers because it provides relevant information to local scale decision-making.

Legacy sediment associated with erosion from land clearing is a common feature in river valleys of the unglaciated Mid-Atlantic Piedmont region. Here, we quantify the volume of legacy sediment storage in three watersheds in New England, a formerly glaciated region with similar history and intensity of forest clearing and milldam construction during the seventeenth to nineteenth centuries. We combine field observations of bank stratigraphy, radiocarbon dating, and mapping of terraces and floodplains using lidar digital elevation models and other GIS datasets. The 68 km2 South River watershed in western Massachusetts exhibits the most extensive evidence for legacy sediment storage. We visited 18 historic dam sites in the watershed and found field evidence for up to 2.2 m of fine sand and silt legacy sediment storage at 14 of the sites. In the 555 km2 Sheepscot River watershed in coastal Maine, we visited 13 historic dam sites and found likely legacy sediment up to 2.3 m thick at six of the dams. In the 171 km2 upper Charles River watershed in eastern Massachusetts, we investigated 14 dam sites, and found legacy sediment up to 1.8 m thick at two of them. Stratigraphically, we identified the base of fine-grained legacy sediment from a change to much coarser grain size (gravel at most sites) or to glacial lacustrine or marine deposits. Along the Sheepscot River, we observed cut timbers underlying historic sediment at several locations, likely associated with sawmill activities. Only at the Charles River were we able to radiocarbon date the underlying gravel layer (1281–1391 calibrated CE). At no site did we find a buried organic-rich Holocene soil, in contrast to the field relations commonly observed in the Mid-Atlantic region. We use lidar elevation data to map planar terrace extents in each watershed, estimate thickness of remaining legacy sediment found stored behind breached or removed milldams, and estimate volumes of remaining legacy sediment storage in valley bottoms for entire watersheds. The maximum volume of stored legacy sediment estimated for the South, Sheepscot, and upper Charles watersheds is 2.5 × 106 m3, 3.7 × 106 m3, and 2.6 × 104 m3, respectively. These volumes of legacy sediment can be translated to an equivalent thickness of soil eroded from each watershed: 37 mm, 7 mm, and 0.2 mm, respectively. We attribute the variation in presence and thickness of legacy sediment at the New England sites to the existence or absence of upstream sediment supply in the form of thick glacial deposits and to sinks such as lakes and wetlands along valley bottoms. Of the three study watersheds, the South River has the most extensive glacial sediments, fewest sinks, and the most legacy sediment in storage along the river corridor.

The objective of this study was to compare the relationship between the competition intensity and performance of three shade-tolerant species: European beech, silver fir and European hornbeam. The competition intensity was calculated using two different competition indices, and the tree performance was represented by diameter growth, height growth and mortality. Our research was based on data collected in the years 1993 and 2003 in four permanent sample plots of 0.5 ha each located in old-growth stands of the Roztocze National Park. The competition index, which included the height of a target tree relative to its neighbors, yielded higher correlations with the diameter and basal area increments than Hegyi’s competition index for both hornbeam and fir, but the correlation was lower for beech. The importance of the height difference between the target silver fir and its competitors was also confirmed by a strong relationship between the competition intensity and the relative crown length, indicating that the increase was strongly related to the height advantage over neighbors. In contrast, beech appears to be a successful competitor even when shorter than its neighbors. Hornbeam, which was very abundant in a stage of advanced regeneration, was notably less numerous among the shorter trees, suggesting a limited recruitment to the tree layer. The growth rate of hornbeam was much lower than beech and silver fir and was relatively weakly related to the competition intensity: even the hornbeams relatively free of competition did not respond with vigorous growth. No relationship between the indices and height increases was found for the analyzed tree species. In the case of silver fir and hornbeam, the trees that died during the study had higher values of competition indices compared to the trees that survived; the opposite tendency was found for beech, yet the number of dead beeches was very low. The results suggest that, in mixed stands, hornbeam is a weaker competitor than beech, and the most likely explanation for its high abundance in these analyzed stands is the occurrence of natural disturbances, particularly strong winds.

Determining species occurrence in ecosystems of high conservation concern is especially important for recommending habitat management techniques and identifying suitable restoration sites. We investigated (1) how stand- and landscape-scale attributes affect occupancy of priority bird species associated with longleaf pine (Pinus palutris) ecosystems, (2) if these priority birds can be used as indicator species for desired open pine forest structure, and (3) if these indicator species are positively correlated with greater avian richness. We compared priority bird occupancy among 12 stand types (habitat types) throughout the historic range of longleaf pine in Mississippi. We found stands resembling the historic longleaf pine ecosystem were positively associated with Red-cockaded Woodpecker (Picoides borealis) and Bachman’s Sparrow (Peucaea aestivalis) occupancy probabilities, but were not significantly correlated with Northern Bobwhite (Colinus virginianus) or Brown-headed Nuthatch (Sitta pusilla) occupancy. Both of which were too generalized in their occurrence to be useful indicators. Red-cockaded Woodpecker and Bachman’s Sparrow occupancy probabilities positively correlated with desired forest structure metrics of longleaf pine ecosystems such as low midstory density (<10%) and basal area (9.2–16.1 m2/ha) and 40–60% canopy cover suggesting they are effective indicators of historic longleaf pine conditions. Co-occurrence of Red-cockaded Woodpecker and Bachman’s Sparrow was positively correlated with avian richness, indicating these species can be used in conjunction as effective indicators for desired open pine endpoints used for restoration and management. Inclusion of priority bird species in management efforts provides assurance that restored areas will incorporate desired forest structure endpoints that have been linked to open pine priority bird presence. Correlation between priority bird species and avian species richness ensures restored areas provide suitable habitat for local avian communities.

Pressure on deep-sea ecosystems continues to increase as anthropogenic activities move into ever deeper waters. To mitigate impacts on vulnerable habitats, various conservation measures exist, such as the designation of Marine Protected Areas (MPAs). So far, however, little evidence is available about their effectiveness. This paper presents a unique follow-up study assessing the status and recovery of a deep-sea fisheries closure and MPA at ~ 1000 m water depth in the NE Atlantic, eight years after designation. The Darwin Mounds cold-water coral ecosystem was discovered in 1998, and closed to all bottom contact fisheries, especially trawling, in 2003. Our repeat survey in 2011 used both high-resolution sidescan sonar data collected by Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) and video footage from a Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) to evaluate recovery. The results demonstrate that (1) protection was successful and fishing impact was largely avoided in the Western Darwin Mounds, which contained similar proportions of live cold-water coral occurrence in 2011 as observed in 1998–2000; however (2) the Eastern Darwin Mounds suffered severe damage pre-closure, and by 2011 showed no coral recolonisation and very little regrowth. These results are further evidence for the low resilience and slow recovery potential of deep-sea ecosystems, and underline once again the importance of the precautionary principle in deep-sea conservation.

Climate change can have marked effects on ecosystem service (ES) provision in the Andes, particularly in peri-urban areas. In addition to global-change related processes, cumulative effects such as changing socio-political dynamics, environmental policies, and conflicts are also changing type and magnitude of land use–land cover (LULC) dynamics in the Colombian Andes. Studies in the region have investigated the effects of LULC change, deforestation and extreme climatic events on the hydrology of watersheds and carbon sequestration. Yet, less is known on how the cumulative effects of climate and LULC changes will drive water yield and carbon sequestration. To investigate these cumulative effects, we study two different watersheds near Bogota, Colombia and their ES for the period 2016–2046. We use IPCC-LULC scenarios, expert elicitation, hydro-meteorological data, and integrated modelling using temporal LULC change and ESs valuation models to parse out effects of LULC versus climate change on two representative ESs. Our results show forest and shrublands remain stable during the analysis period. However, urban conversion of agricultural pastures is substantial. We found that climate change scenarios had greater effect on water yield and supply than LULC scenarios in both watersheds. However, carbon sequestration was greater in rural forest and shrubland areas farther from Bogota. In contrast to current land use zoning being promoted by local elected officials, our findings indicate that land-use development and policies in near-urban basins need to minimize urbanization in agriculture and pasture LULCs, as these can have substantial effects on water yield. Similarly, land use polices in ex-urban areas need to conserve forested and shrubland areas to maximize their carbon offset potential. Collectively, our results highlight the need to incorporate climate change conditions in decision making and land use planning processes, in order to maintain the capacity of ecosystems, both urban and rural, to provide services to society.

Sea grasses are foundation species for estuarine ecosystems. The available light for sea grasses diminishes rapidly during pollutant spills, effluent releases, disturbances such as intense riverine input, and tidal changes. We studied how sea grasses’ remote-sensing signatures and light-capturing ability respond to short term light alterations. In vivo responses were measured over the entire visible-light spectra to diminishing white-light on whole-living-plants’ spectral reflectance, including 6 h of full oceanic-light fluences from 10% to 100%. We analyzed differences by various reflectance indices. We compared the sea grasses species responses of tropical vs. temperate and intertidals (Halodule wrightii, and Zostera marina) vs. subtidal (Thalassia testudinum). Reflectance diminished with decreasing light intensity that coincided with greater accessory pigment stimulation (anthocyanin, carotenoids, xanthins). Chlorophyll a and Chlorophyll b differed significantly among species (Thalassia vs. Halodule). Photosynthetic efficiency diminished at high light intensities. The NDVI index was inadequate to perceive these differences. Our results demonstrate the leaf-level utility of data to remote sensing for mapping sea grass and sea grass stress.

The coastal preferences of harbour porpoise (Phocoena phocoena) intensify their exposure to human activities. The harbour porpoise Iberian population is presently very small and information about the threats it endures is vital for the conservation efforts that are being implemented to avoid local extinction. The present study explored the possible relation between the accumulation of trace elements by porpoises and their sex, body length, nutritional state, presence of parasites and gross pathologies. The concentrations of arsenic (As), cadmium (Cd), copper (Cu), mercury (Hg), manganese (Mn), nickel (Ni), lead (Pb), zinc (Zn) and selenium (Se) were evaluated in 42 porpoises stranded in Portugal between 2005 and 2013. Considering European waters, porpoises stranded in Portugal present the highest Hg concentrations and the lowest Cd concentrations, which may reflect dietary preferences and the geographic availability of these pollutants. While no effect of sex on trace element concentrations was detected, there was a positive relationship between porpoise body length and the concentration of Cd, Hg and Pb. Animals in worse nutritional condition showed higher levels of Zn. Harbour porpoises with high parasite burdens showed lower levels of Zn and As in all analysed tissues and also lower levels of renal Ni, while those showing gross pathologies presented higher Zn and Hg levels. This is the first data on the relationship between trace elements and health-related variables in porpoises from southern European Atlantic waters, providing valuable baseline information about the contamination status of this vulnerable population.

Interspecific variation in patterns of geographical distribution of phylogenetically related species of amphibians might be related to physiological adaptation to different climatic conditions. In this way, a comparative study of resistance to evaporative water loss, rehydration rates and sensitivity of locomotor performance to variations on hydration level and temperature was performed for five species of Bufonidae toads (Rhinella granulosa, R. jimi, R. ornata, R. schneideri and R. icterica) inhabiting different Brazilian biomes. The hypotheses tested were that, when compared to species inhabiting mesic environments, species living at hot and dry areas would show: (1) greater resistance to evaporative water loss, (2) higher rates of water uptake, (3) lower sensitivity of locomotor performance to dehydration and (4) lower sensitivity of locomotor performance at higher temperatures and higher sensitivity of locomotor performance at lower temperatures. This comparative analysis showed relations between body mass and interspecific variation in rehydration rates and resistance to evaporative water loss in opposite directions. These results might represent a functional compensation associated with relatively lower absorption areas in larger toads and higher evaporative areas in smaller ones. Moreover, species from the semi-arid Caatinga showed locomotor performance less sensitive to dehydration but highly affected by lower temperatures, as well greater resistance to evaporative water loss, when compared to the other species from the mesic Atlantic Forest and the savannah-like area called Cerrado. These results suggest adaptation patterns to environmental conditions.

In Canada, the risk of soil erosion is expected to be greatest in regions where intensive cropping and tillage systems are used on highly erodible landscapes — such as the potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) growing regions of Atlantic Canada. However, no previous studies have looked at the combined impacts of tillage and water erosion within a region where potato production is the predominant cropping system. Therefore, the objective of this project was to estimate and model the relative contributions of tillage and water erosion in the eastern Canadian province of New Brunswick using the fallout radionuclide cesium-137 (137Cs) and two established models: (i) the water erosion component of the Water and Tillage Erosion Model (WaTEM); and (ii) the Tillage Erosion Model (TillEM). Depth incremental soil samples were collected at an Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada benchmark site (20NB) located near the town of Grand Falls, New Brunswick. Site 20NB is 4.3 ha in size and under conventional up-and-down slope potato production (slope gradients: 2 to 17%). Soil samples were collected in the fall of 2005 and were analyzed for 137Cs. Current inventories of 137Cs were compared to those taken from a nearby reference site and also to those previously taken at this site in 1990.Using the repeated-sampling technique, it was estimated that between 1990 and 2005 the annual average soil loss at 20NB was 13.6 Mg ha− 1 yr− 1. Approximately half of the mapped field area was estimated to have soil losses greater than the tolerable soil loss limit of 6 Mg ha− 1 yr− 1, and most eroding positions had soil losses > 25 Mg ha− 1 yr− 1. These results suggest that annual soil losses during the study period at 20NB were not sustainable, and provide evidence that the redistribution of soil across the landscape due to erosion processes is easily identifiable over short time periods. Overall, the patterns of 137Cs redistribution and estimated soil erosion during the study period were not strongly related to the erosion rates predicted by either WaTEM or TillEM. Therefore, a new Directional Tillage Erosion Model (DirTillEM) was used to account for the apparent effect of tillage direction, lateral tillage translocation, and field boundaries on soil redistribution at this field site. Relationships between 137Cs redistribution and estimated soil erosion and DirTillEM predictions were improved over those determined by WaTEM and TillEM alone. Our results suggest that both tillage and water erosion (and their interactions) are major processes at this field site, but that the directional movement of soil by tillage operations has been the dominant soil redistribution process since 1990. Consequently, we believe that a reduction in both tillage- and water-induced erosion is necessary to slow and eventually reverse soil degradation of intensively tilled hillslopes in New Brunswick. It is also clear that tillage direction, lateral translocation of soil, and field boundaries were significant factors in our study and should be included in future modelling efforts.

Graph theory has become a popular tool for modelling the functional connectivity of landscapes. We conduct a review of studies that use graph theory to model connectivity among patches of habitat (patch-based graphs), with the intention of identifying typical research questions and their associated graph construction and analysis methods. We identify and examine nine questions of conservation importance that can be answered with these types of graph models, discussing appropriate applications of these questions and presenting a guide for using graph methods to answer them. We also investigate how the connectivity predictions of patch-based graphs have been assessed and emphasize the importance of empirical evaluation. Our findings identify commonality among diverse approaches and methodological gaps with an aim to improve application and to help the integration of graph theory and ecological analysis.

Browns Pond, Virginia, in the Ridge and Valley physiographic province, contains a record of changing vegetational and depositional environments that dates to 17,130 BP. Six cores were retrieved in a transect of the pond. Pollen and macrofossils were identified from the longest central core and a series of AMS radiocarbon dates obtained from identified macrofossils and sediment. The pollen and macrofossil record combined with laterally consistent changes in lithostratigraphy reveal a changing climate. From 17,300 to 14,100 BP, a closed boreal forest of Pinus-Picea-Abies grew at the site. Pinus dominates the pollen assemblage while Picea and Abies dominate the macrofossil assemblage. Subtle increases in more thermophilous and mesophytic taxa indicate gradual climate amelioration after the full-glacial. A marked increase in Alnus at 14,100 BP signals an increase in moisture, possibly related to the global evidence for rapid climate change at 14,000 BP. At this central Appalachian site, Abies and Alnus are found in relatively greater amounts in the late-glacial forest than previous studies indicated. Low organic contents and evidence of gleyed conditions, seen in the core transect from 10,000 to 8000 BP, point towards low-water levels in the early Holocene—approximately coincident with the expansion of Quercus.

The course of experimental infection of Swiss mice with 95 sylvatic Trypanosoma cruzi isolates included in TCI or TCII genotype was characterized. The purpose was to verify biological properties and its eventual correspondence with original host species, genotype or zymodeme. The isolates of T. cruzi were 100% infective, 55% resulted in patent parasitemia with 69% (36/52) of mortality. A meaningful biological heterogeneity was observed in both, TCI and TCII isolates. TCII isolates resulted in higher patent parasitemia 64% (38/59), in contrast to the 41% TCI infected Swiss mice (14/34). Parasitemia was not always associated to mortality. Higher biological heterogeneity was observed in T. cruzi II isolates derived from L. rosalia from the Atlantic Coastal Rain forest. TCII isolates derived from marsupials resulted in very similar infection profile in Swiss mice.

Land use decisions are central to both biodiversity conservation and rural development goals at local, national and international levels. Transfrontier Conservation Areas (TFCAs), now common in Southern Africa, present an opportunity to address these goals simultaneously. This paper proposes a theoretical spatial land allocation model that enables analysis of alternative scenarios for realising rural development and biodiversity conservation within TFCAs. The model includes socioeconomic and ecological factors such as income, fencing, connectivity, predation and disease costs and allows for clarification of opportunities and tradeoffs in land use. The model demonstrates alternative spatial options for diversification in land use, whilst accommodating the connectivity requirements and endogenous effects of wildlife on other land uses. The model is illustrated using several scenarios which include changes in key parameters, and limitations on total land allocated per land use. Illustrated scenarios show that land allocated to different land uses varies with output prices and costs such as fencing and wildlife damages, resulting in different spatial land use allocations. In addition, total revenue also changes when limitations are placed on land allocated to wildlife and tourism uses. The model can be used to reconcile interests where conservation and agricultural development activities compete for land.

Assessing accomplishment of management objectives related to ecosystem health requires monitoring key indicators, including ecological processes and components of biological diversity. For these purposes, a monitoring plan was developed on the Chequamegon National Forest. It was refined by use of public workshops and technical consultation, and later adjusted based on practicality and additional inventory needs. To date, monitoring has focused on plants and birds, including long-term baseline monitoring in both managed forest and more natural areas. Monitoring is done at both the national forest and the ranger district levels, a forest subunit, the latter usually focusing on specific projects rather than forestwide ecosystem health concerns. Examples from the Laurentian ranger district of the Superior National Forest are provided. Future assessments will require qualitative, quantitative and spatial analyses of community, ecosystem, habitat and population trends and patterns, and management effects. An institutionalized program that focuses on key ecosystem components at various scales, and that involves concerned publics and many partners, will be necessary to provide feedback to refine forest management.

During the Pleistocene, climatic fluctuations due to glacial and interglacial periods greatly modified the distribution of boreal organisms. One direct effect of these distribution shifts is that, along the southern edge of the range of some boreal species, populations persist only in isolated patches of suitable habitats, surrounded by less suitable areas. Isolated populations in marginal habitat are vulnerable to several threats, including climate change, anthropogenic threats, and stochastic events. We developed habitat-suitability models using Ecological Niche Factor Analysis for populations of the smooth snake, Coronella austriaca, at the southernmost limit of the species range. These models were based on historical and current records of occurrence, coupled with remote sensing data including elevation, slope, and climatic variables. Our results indicated that C. austriaca in the Iberian Peninsula occurred in areas associated with high slope and precipitation, low temperatures, and low variation in seasonal temperature and precipitation compared to areas of non-occurrence. At a broad scale, the areas classified as highly suitable for the species in the southern Iberian Peninsula were small and fragmented. At a local scale, extensive field work demonstrated that C. austriaca occurs in low densities in these areas. In addition, we detected several human-induced threats like habitat loss, favoured by temperature increase and rainfall reduction. Several life-history traits, such as dietary specialization and low frequency reproduction, also may contribute to the vulnerability of these populations to local extinctions. Although the most suitable southernmost areas are included in protected reserves, specific guidelines for management are needed to assess conservation needs.

Gracillariidae (Lepidoptera) are commonly known by the leaf miner habit found in the larval stage of most species. By using worldwide, public databases on species diversity and DNA sequences available for extant gracillariid species, we determined changes in the rate of taxonomic species descriptions through time, mapped their spatial distributions, examined their phylogenetic diversification, and estimated the number of species yet to be described for the family in the Neotropics. We recovered 185 species, a number that is smaller than that found in any other biogeographic region. However, it was estimated that at least 3875 additional species remain to be described in the region. Phylogenetic diversification showed a pattern of expanding diversity. A few entomologists have been involved with gracillariid taxonomy in the Neotropics, having 39% of the species been described by a single taxonomist. In most of such cases, descriptions were based on the adults only. A few species have been described from biomes known to have some of the greatest diversity on earth, such as the Atlantic Forest. Thus, such a scenario results from low sampling and scarce taxonomic activity that has prevailed for this family of moths in the Neotropics. It may also be associated with their small body size and to the fact that gracillariids do not seem to be attracted to light traps as much as other moths, which make their collection and identification by non experts difficult. We also suggested scientific and political actions that could be adopted to overcome such an unfavorable scenario.

Seedlings are an important, but vulnerable stage in the life cycle of plants. The identification of factors affecting their recruitment is therefore fundamental for understanding basic plant population processes as well as plant distribution and abundance. In this study, we used a combined experimental and observational approach to examine how microsite quality and quantity as well as seed supply affect different processes of seedling establishment, using the perennial forest herb Phyteuma spicatum (Campanulaceae) as model species. This species reproduces exclusively by seed, and seedling emergence, growth and survival are therefore critical stages in its life cycle. Seedlings were frequent in microsites with bare soil and overall high light intensities, and were less common in sites with deep litter layers as well as dense and low vegetation. Seed addition, via experimental sowings or via the natural seed rain, consistently enhanced seedling emergence. Seed density effects, however, were variable among years; seedling emergence rates decreased at high seed densities in one of two seed cohorts. Seedling emergence time, size and survival were largely not affected by microhabitat type or seed density. In summary, our findings suggest that environmental factors and seed abundance determine recruitment success of P. spicatum and that effects on early processes of seedling establishment (emergence) are stronger than effects on late processes of establishment (growth and survival). Our work thereby contributes to a better understanding of the mechanisms underlying recruitment patterns of this species and other perennial herbs.

Water is a key resource for agricultural production in the United States. Due to projected changes in water availability across the country, long-term sustainability of agricultural production may rely on finding alternatives to traditional water sources. The aim of this study was to assess farmers' opinions on the use of nontraditional water sources (e.g., agricultural runoff, treated wastewater, recycled water, produced water, untreated surface water, and brackish surface and groundwater) for agricultural activities. A survey was distributed to farmers (n = 746) in the Mid-Atlantic and Southwest regions of the United States (U.S.) about water availability and nontraditional irrigation water perceptions. Chi-square, Fisher's exact tests, f-tests, and multinomial and ordinal logistic regression analyses were conducted. Of farmers surveyed, 80% (431/543) considered the use of nontraditional water sources to be at least moderately important and 61% (444/727) would use nontraditional water if given the option. Each of the following factors individually increased the likelihood that a farmer considered nontraditional water very important for agriculture: Farmers who lived in the Southwest region compared to the Mid-Atlantic, farmers who were concerned about water availability compared with those who were not, farmers with a graduate or professional degree compared to those with less education, farmers with access to nontraditional water, and farmers with some knowledge of nontraditional water compared to those with no reported knowledge. Concern about water availability and knowledge of nontraditional water sources were significantly associated with willingness to use these water sources (p < 0.001 for both). Water quality, food safety and health risks were the main concerns regarding nontraditional water use across both regions. Willingness to use nontraditional water increased significantly if the water quality was proven to be as good or better than farmers' current water sources (63% vs. 84%; p < 0.001). Projects focused on nontraditional water use in agriculture should be regionally tailored as our data found significant differences between farmers in two distinct U.S. regions.

Climate change poses some of the most significant risks for the preservation of coastal cultural resources or cultural heritage. As a result, more research is needed to facilitate the design and implementation of feasible and transparent adaptation strategies for cultural resources under changing climate conditions. In this paper, we begin to explore the challenges and opportunities that face cultural resource managers as they begin to grapple with climate change adaptation planning in dynamic coastal environments. Specifically, we provide an overview of a value-focused, decision-analytic approach that was applied in a pilot test of climate adaptation planning for buildings within designated historic districts on the barrier islands of Cape Lookout National Seashore, North Carolina. We provide descriptions of the challenges that are uniquely facing cultural resource managers and initial evidence of the utility of this type of approach for informing judgments by presenting pre- and post-workshop survey data. Although additional research is critical to offer planning and policy guidance, we found that structured deliberations about cultural resource adaptation planning not only influenced participants’ opinions but also provided a necessary space to better understand the complexities of climate and budget uncertainties. Our evaluation is a first step at documenting the difficult and value-laden decisions that must be addressed by cultural resource managers as fiscal constraints and impending climate impacts threaten the traditional approach of preservation in perpetuity.

Lac Télé is a large lake, ∼5.6 km in diameter, with an ovoid shape, situated at 17°10′E, 1°20′N, in the great tropical rain forest region of the Republic of Congo. This lake has attracted widespread attention, mainly because of the legends among the local people that it harbours a strange animal known as the Mokele-Mbembe, but also because it is situated in a region that is a hotbed of biodiversity and conservation efforts with respect to various endangered mammalian species, including gorillas and chimpanzees. Because of its appearance, Lac Télé has been regarded as a possible meteorite impact structure. Various expeditions, studying cryptozoology, conservation ecology, biodiversity, and the impact hypothesis, have visited Lac Télé in the past several decades.The Lac Télé structure is located in the NW part of the intracratonic Congo Basin, in a region dominated by Holocene alluvium, dense tropical rain forest, and swamps which form part of the basin of the Likouala aux Herbes, a multi-branched meandering river flowing over very low gradients into the Sangha river, a major tributary of the Congo river. Previous bathymetric studies have shown that the average depth of Lac Télé is only 4 m, including organic-rich silty sediments. The structure is that of a flat-bottomed dish.Modelling of the Lac Télé as an impact structure indicates a number of features which ought to be present. The absence of any of these features, coupled with the irregular ovoid shape, the palynological record, and the location of the structure at the intersection of major regional lineaments, is regarded as evidence against the impact hypothesis.Lac Télé as an isolated lake ecosystem is not unique in the Congo Basin, and there are several other similar small shallow isolated lakes surrounded by rain forest and marshes, some of which formed by damming of drainage systems by neotectonic faults. It is suggested that the formation of Lac Télé may be related to its location over neotectonically reactivated regional lineaments, which are also seismically active. Lac Télé and other similar hydrologic systems may be biodiversity hotspots because they acted as refugia following neotectonic hydrological re-organization of the Congo Basin.

South America is blessed with both world-leading levels of biodiversity, and world-record breaking levels of habitat conversion in some areas. Under this highly dynamic context, sound conservation planning is needed and one component of effectively prioritising conservation interventions is through the assessment of threats to natural ecosystems. Here we present a continent-wide and spatially explicit threats assessment to natural ecosystems. A conceptual framework is presented which quantifies threat as a function of both the magnitude of the impacts of specific damaging human activities, and the variable response of different ecosystems to those impacts. The framework is then applied on seven different threat layers (accessibility, conversion to agriculture, fires, grazing pressure, infrastructure, oil and gas, recent conversion) to map out and spatially quantify the level of threat expected over the coming 2–5 year period. An aggregate threat layer is calculated, and the threats to major habitat types are evaluated. Tropical and Subtropical Grasslands, Savannas and Shrublands and Flooded Grasslands and Savannas are found to be under the greatest threat (0.36 and 0.35 aggregate threat respectively), both threatened most by fires (0.96), the former by accessibility (0.72) and the latter by grazing pressure (0.62). Tropical and Subtropical Moist Broadleaf Forests are the least threatened of all ecosystems (0.13), closely followed by Montane Grasslands and Shrublands (0.14). Overall, accessibility is shown to be a major issue across much of the continent, and fires are a significant threat in some identified regions. The results are being used by The Nature Conservancy to target conservation efforts in the region, and also to drive policies for threat abatement. Furthermore, the conceptual framework and methodology is applicable to any region and presents a useful means of prioritising conservation interventions across broad geographic regions.

During the period 1980–2000, the yellow-legged gull population underwent exponential growth due to an increase in the availability of anthropogenic food resources. The aim of this study was to highlight the effect of the gull colonies on the P soil cycle and the associated effects on coastal ecosystems. Samples of soil, water and faecal material were collected in a colony of yellow-legged gulls (Cíes Islands) and in a control area. Four sampling plots were installed in the study areas, and samples were collected in summer and winter in 1997 and 2011. Sample analysis included soil characterization and determination of the total P content (TP), bioavailable-P and fractionated-P forms in the soils and faecal material. The 31P NMR technique was also used to determine organic P forms. Clear differences between the gull colony soils and the control soil were observed. The TP was 3 times higher in the gull colony soil, and the bioavailable P was 30 times higher than in the control soil. The P forms present at highest concentrations in the faecal material (P-apatite, P-residual and P-humic acid) were also present at high concentrations in the colony soil. The absence of any seasonal or annual differences in P concentration indicates that the P has remained stable in the soil over time, regardless of the changes in the gull population density. The degree of P saturation indicated that soils are saturated with P due to the low concentration of Fe/Al-hydroxides, which is consistent with a high P concentration in the run-off from the colonies. The P output from the colony soils to coastal waters may cause eutrophication of a nearby lagoon and the disappearance of a Zostera marina seagrass meadow. Similarly, the enrichment of P concentration in dune system of Muxieiro may induce irreversible changes in the plant communities.

Haemosporidian parasites of the genus Haemoproteus are widespread and can cause disease and even mortality in birds under natural and captive conditions. The Black-fronted Piping-guan (Aburria jacutinga) is an endangered Neotropical bird of the Cracidae (Galliformes) going through a reintroduction program to avoid extinction. We used microscopic examination and partial cytochrome b DNA sequencing to describe a new Haemoproteus species infecting Black-fronted Piping-guans bred and raised in captivity that were reintroduced into the Atlantic rainforest. Haemoproteus (Parahaemoproteus) paraortalidum n. sp. was detected in the blood of 19 out of 29 examined birds. The new species is distinguished from other haemoproteids due to the shape of gametocytes, which have pointed ends in young stages, and due to the presence of vacuole-like unstained spaces in macrogametocytes and numerous volutin granules both in macro- and microgametocytes. Illustrations of the new species are provided. Phylogenetic inference positioned this parasite in the Parahaemoproteus subgenus clade together with the other two Haemoproteus genetic lineages detected in cracids up to date. We discuss possible implications of the reintroduction of birds infected with haemosporidian parasites into the wild. Treatment of Haemoproteus infections remains insufficiently studied, but should be considered for infected birds before reintroduction to improve host reproductive and survival rates after release.

Meta-analyses are powerful tools for synthesizing wildlife-habitat relationships, but small sample sizes and complex species-habitat relationships often preclude correlative meta-analyses on endangered species. In this study, we demonstrate qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) as a tool that can reliably synthesize habitat-fitness relationships from small sample sizes for species with narrow habitat requirements. We apply QCA to results from a habitat threshold regression tree model and identify habitat thresholds with consistent positive effects on fitness of the federally endangered red-cockaded woodpecker (Dryobates borealis; RCW) on the Savannah River Site, USA. We reformulated regression tree results in a QCA framework to examine the consistency of threshold effects on RCW fledgling production at the individual group level (n = 47). Synthesizing regression tree results with QCA revealed alternative combinations of habitat thresholds that in conjunction with group size consistently led to above-average fledgling production for 41 of 47 (88%) individual RCW groups. Importantly, QCA identified unique combinations of habitat thresholds and group size related to above-average fledgling production that were not retained in the regression tree model due to small sample sizes. Synthesizing a small habitat-fitness dataset using QCA provided a tractable method to identify unique combinations of habitat and group size conditions that are consistently important to individual fitness, but may not be detected by meta-analyses that can be biased by small sample sizes. QCA offers a viable approach for synthesis of habitat-fitness relationships and can be extended to address many complex issues in endangered species recovery when correlative meta-analyses are not possible.

Previous studies have found that vegetated coastal areas can increase their elevation indicating resilience to inundation by sea level rise (SLR), but the potential resilience were ignored or showed controversial results (i.e., soil accretion of vegetated areas vs. SLR). To estimate the resilience influences on 15 islands in Florida Bay (Florida, U.S.), our study used indicators (areas of the 15 islands and their mangrove forests) by analyzing 61-yr high-resolution historical aerial photographs and a 27-yr time-series of Landsat images. In these islands, coastal fringes are dominated by mangroves, and inland parts are dominated by brackish or freshwater species. Our results showed that: (1) despite rising sea levels, these low-lying islands significantly increased in area; (2) all of these islands had significant mangrove expansion, and the landward part of expansion led to the replacement of inland non-mangrove habitats; (3) there was a positive relationship between the increase of island area and mangrove expansion in these islands; (4) without the mangrove expansion, simulations showed that all of the islands had decreased areas by 2014 compared with that in 1953. On the basis of our spatial analyses and previous field studies in our study areas, these islands showed resilience to inundation and the mangrove expansion contributed to processes stabilizing these islands under SLR. Meanwhile, the mangrove expansion were partly at the expense of the habitats previously covered by non-mangrove species, thus potentially leading to a loss of plant diversity. Therefore, the mangrove expansion increased unhelpful resilience to maintain islands in a degraded state losing biodiversity, which should be considered in conservation accounting for future SLR. Moreover, the unhelpful resilience can be monitored by remote sensing based indicators, such as island area.

In the USA some utilities, for instance the Pacific Gas and Electric Company and the General Public Utilities Company (GPU) of Pennsylvania, have found that the promotion of energy conservation among their customers makes for good business. Indeed GPU, having got its fingers burnt over Three Mile Island, is now offering its customers a fixed return on every kilowatt-hour saved. How do we fare in that respect in the UK? In fact we don't and unless there is a remarkable change it is most unlikely that the privatized electricity supply and distribution set of companies as envisaged by the Energy Secretary, Cecil Parkinson, will have the same approach to the market as their brethren across the Atlantic.

We surveyed bird populations in 46 forest tracts in Connecticut, USA, to determined how the distribution of birds is related to forest area, isolation from other forest, and vegetation structure. Both the density and species richness of forest-interior birds tend to be lower in smaller forests. Some species show a significant tendency to be absent from small forests, while others are present in small forests but have higher densities in large forests This pattern is apparently not related to vegetation structure.Sites that are more isolated from other forests also tend to have fewer forest-interior birds. Forest area is the best predictor of the density and species richness of forest-interior birds for small forests, while isolation is the best predictor for large forests.Our results indicate that maintenance of a diversity of forest-interior birds will require preservation of large areas of forest.

The present work aims to assess the effects of wildfires on soil aggregate stability and the role therein of contrasting lithologies as well as of fire-induced changes in organic matter content and soil water repellency. To this end, a pair-wise comparison of neighbouring burned and unburned soils was carried out and complemented by laboratory heating experiments to clarify the role of fire intensity.In total, 18 pairs of adjacent burned and unburned pine forest soils were sampled within one month after wildfire. At each site, five samples were collected of the top 5 cm of the A horizon at randomly selected sample points and were mixed in the field to obtain one composite sample per site. Three additional samples were collected at each site but stored separately, and those of three sites were selected for the laboratory heating experiments. Laboratory heating involved five different temperatures ranging from 25 to 460 °C. Aggregate stability of the field and laboratory samples was determined using the water drop impact test, organic carbon content using a modified Sauerlandt method and soil water repellency using the ‘Molarity of an Ethanol Droplet’ test.The wildfire effects on field aggregate stability were highly variable and results indicated that these changes depend primarily on organic matter combustion and, thus, fire intensity. Controlled heating up to 220 °C either did not alter aggregate stability or increased it with increasing temperature, possibly due to the development of a protective coating of organic compounds inducing water repellency. Heating at 380 and 460 °C, by contrast, produced considerable to massive combustion of organic matter and, thereby, very pronounced reduction of aggregate stability as well as water repellency.

International migration flows between Guatemala and North America are now over thirty years old. The maturation of this phenomenon permits us to look beyond the immediate impacts of migrants and their remittances on Guatemalan livelihoods and to view how migration processes affect Guatemala’s most valuable natural resource – land. We combine an interdisciplinary approach and data from a longitudinal study (1986–2012) that includes qualitative and quantitative methods to uncover and understand the specific impacts of international migration on land use and land distribution in San Lucas, Ixcán. We show that initial migration-related changes to land are not unidirectional and permanent. For example, after initial forest decline related to investment of cash remittances in cattle and pasture, the community experienced some forest recovery. This recovery can be explained by three processes. First, migrant money allowed some families to break their ties and reliance on the land and engage in non-agricultural occupations. Second, cleared land also reverted to forest because some migrant families failed in the technical and expensive business of raising cattle. Third, some farmers took advantage of national forestry incentives and left all or part of their parcels forested. However, as San Lucas and Ixcán become more integrated into the national economy, other options are open to migrant families. For example, in the last five years, some land owners took advantage of nearby expansion of the biofuel economy and improvement in roads and converted their fields to cultivate African Palm.

The spiny rat (Trinomys moojeni) is a rodent found in the Atlantic Forest, which is considered one of the most diverse and threatened biomes in the world. Knowledge on reproductive biology and physiology is critical to conservation and species management, allowing the prevention of extinction and the use of males in natural and artificial reproduction programs. The main objectives of the present study were to investigate the testis structure as well as spermatogenic and Sertoli cell efficiency in the spiny rat captured in the Caraça Natural Reserve, a fragment of the Atlantic Forest located in the State of Minas Gerais, Brazil. Ten sexually mature spiny rats were analyzed. Intraperitoneal injections of tritiated thymidine were administered to estimate duration of spermatogenesis. The testes were perfused-fixed in buffered glutaraldehyde and routinely processed for histological and morphometric analyses as well as the characterization of the stages of seminiferous epithelium cycle. Volume density (%) of seminiferous tubules and Leydig cells were 97 ± 0.3 and 0.3 ± 0.02, respectively. The duration of one spermatogenic cycle and total duration of spermatogenesis were 8.6 ± 0.1 and 38.5 ± 0.5 days, respectively. Due to the very great volume density of the seminiferous tubules, short duration of spermatogenesis, tubule length per gram of testis (∼40 m), great Sertoli cell efficiency (∼15 spermatids per Sertoli cell) and large number of Sertoli cells per testis gram (53 million), spermatogenic efficiency in the spiny rat (82 million) is by far the greatest of the mammalian species investigated thus far.

Reptiles are in decline globally, and one-third of turtle species are considered endangered or vulnerable. Conservation of turtles presents special challenges, as turtles are long-lived, and have delayed sexual maturity, making long-term study necessary for accurate calculation of life history parameters. The spotted turtle (Clemmys guttata) is listed as an endangered species in Canada. A population in eastern Georgian Bay, Ontario has been the focus of the longest-running ecological study (30 years) on the species to date. The objective of the current project was to use the long-term demographic data to parameterize a stage-classified matrix and to use the model to asses several hypothetical management scenarios. Elasticity analyses and simulations indicated that small changes in adult survivorship would have the largest proportional effect on population growth rate, and that increasing survivorship of juveniles to 100% would result in the largest increase in population growth rate. Simulation of nest protection and headstarting scenarios indicated that these are inefficient conservation strategies for this species. We recommend that adults, and when possible, juveniles, be the stages targeted for conservation in spotted turtles and other long-lived iteroparous vertebrates.

Ethnopharmacological relevanceAlthough the relationship between local people and plants may be idiosyncratic, some human behaviors are common to different communities and can be influenced by cultural and environmental factors. Thus, this study drew upon a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate if there are patterns of medicinal plant use in different Brazilian ethnobotanical studies and if these patterns are influenced by the urbanization or ecosystems where the studies were conducted.Materials and methodsThe factors evaluated concerned the origin of the species used (native vs. exotic), plant habit (woody vs. non-woody) and plant parts (permanent and non-permanent). Two kinds of analysis were performed: the integrative and the meta-analytical.ResultsThe factors varied depending on the ecosystems in which the studies were conducted. In the Amazon, Cerrado and Caatinga, native and woody medicinal species dominated; conversely, this pattern was not the case for the Atlantic Forest and Pampas ecosystems. Permanent plant parts were predominant in the Cerrado, and considering only native plants, permanent parts dominated in the Amazon, Cerrado and Caatinga. Urbanization did not significantly affect these patterns. Additionally, the species relative importance (RI) did not change as a function of the ecosystem or the degree of urbanization.ConclusionsThe phenomena observed in this study can be explained in light of the chemical ecology and historical and cultural aspects of the species, and the findings have important implications for bioprospecting and conservation.

The temporal evolution and spatial distribution of shallow convection over complex terrain are examined by observational data and compared with model calculations using the Local Model of the Deutscher Wetterdienst with 2.8 km (LM2.8) and 7 km horizontal resolution (LM7). For this, the 01 June 2002 was chosen from the VERTIKATOR (Vertical Exchange and Orography) measurement campaign performed in the northern Black Forest mountains. On this day shallow convection was restricted to the mountainous regions. This can be explained by the fact that the conditions of initiation of convection, i.e. that the near-surface temperature reaches the convective temperature, are only met at upper sites of the mountains. Additionally, the initiation of convection over the mountain ridges is enhanced by up-slope and up-valley winds, generating convergence zones over the ridges. The resulting vertical lifting supports convective processes. The areas of convergence primarily comply with the areas of convection, as confirmed by satellite images from NOAA.The LM2.8 and LM7 simulations do not show significant differences concerning the large-scale meteorological conditions. However, LM2.8 better reproduces the near-surface temperature and humidity at most sites leading to a more realistic representation of convective clouds. Another important difference concerns the near-surface winds, that is only LM2.8 reproduces the main characteristics of the thermally induced wind systems which prove to support convection. Convergence zones and upward lifting is simulated by LM2.8 above the mountain crests resulting in the accompanied formation of clouds. The onset and position of simulated convective clouds generally fit with the observations. In contrast to LM2.8, LM7 simulates clouds above the transition zone between the northern Black Forest and the Rhine valley, where the large-scale easterly flow converges with the channelled northerly wind over the Rhine valley, that is, the position does not agree with the observations.

Riparian zones are among the most threatened natural ecosystems, being greatly affected by land use changes across the world. Working in a savanna landscape in the Central-West region of Brazil, we assessed the responses of damselfy (Odonata) communities to changes on native vegetation extent in riparian zones. We sampled damselflies around 98 streams in a continuous gradient of native vegetation loss (0 to 100%). We used the Threshold Indicator Taxa Analysis (TITAN) to test whether the damselfly community showed nonlinear responses related to native vegetation loss within buffers of 250 m radius. We collected 1245 individuals of damselflies, representing 31 species. The TITAN identified 16 species with a significant response: 11 species with negative indicators (Z −) and five as positive indicators (Z +) in relation to native vegetation loss. Six species showed evidence of nonlinear response (Z −), at sites with native vegetation loss between 40% and 60%. We also used segmented regression analysis with species richness, which showed weak evidence of a threshold located at 54% of native vegetation loss. Differently of previous studies with other taxonomic groups in forested environments, our results indicate that the variability around the threshold is higher. Under a precaution perspective and given current levels of vegetation loss around streams where the risk of losing species is higher, we reinforce the importance of appropriate landscape management strategies. In order to effectively conserve biodiversity in aquatic-and-terrestrial environments, the native vegetation loss within pastures and agriculture landscapes, should be above the “zone of increasing risk of impact” level. According to the current Brazilian Forest Act, riparian forest of at least 30 m wide must be preserved along both sides of each watercourse. In our study 30 m vegetation wide represents only 10% of the 250 m buffer area. It implies that the current Brazilian Forest Act does not preserve the Cerrado's riparian vegetation and its associated aquatic biodiversity, since the amount of native vegetation loss is below the “zone of increasing risk of impact” we detected for damselflies in evaluated landscapes.

Vriesea carinata is an endemic bromeliad from the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. It has trichome and tank system in their leaves which allows to absorb water and nutrients. It belongs to Bromeliaceae family, which includes several species highly enriched of cysteine-proteases (CysPs). These proteolytic enzymes regulate processes as senescence, cell differentiation, pathogen-linked programmed cell death and mobilization of proteins. Although, their biological importance, there are not genomic resources in V. carinata that can help to identify and understand their molecular mechanisms involved in different biological processes. Thus high-throughput transcriptome sequencing of V. carinata is necessary to generate sequences for the purpose of gene discovery and functional genomic studies. In the present study, we sequenced and assembled the V. carinata transcriptome to the identification of CysPs. A total of 43,232 contigs were assembled for the leaf tissue. BLAST analysis indicated that 23,803 contigs exhibited similarity to non-redundant Viridiplantae proteins. 28.24% of the contigs were classified into the COG database, and gene ontology categorized them into 61 functional groups. A metabolic pathway analysis with KEGG revealed 9679 contigs assigned to 31 metabolic pathways. Among 16 full-length CysPs identified, 11 were evaluated in respect to their expression patterns in the leaf apex, base and inflorescence tissues. The results showed differential expression levels of legumain, metacaspase, pyroglutamyl and papain-like CysPs depending of the leaf region. These results provide a global overview of V. carinata gene functions and expression activities of CysPs in those tissues.

The Lauraceae family is widely distributed in tropical and subtropical climates, has more than 2500 species and in the taxonomic point of view, it is one of the most difficult families to identify species. The aim of this study was to analyze the leaf anatomy of three species of Lauraceae (Ocotea indecora (Schott) Mez, Nectandra barbellata Coe-Teix. and Endlicheria paniculata (Spreng.) J.F.Macbr.) and identify the chemical profile of essential oil extracted from the leaves by hydrodistillation method. The leaves of the three species were obtained in “Parque Estadual Intervales”, Atlantic Forest, São Paulo state, Brazil. Samples of leaves were fixed, dehydrated, embedded in synthetic resin and sectioned for mounting histological slides for anatomical description of leaf tissues. The essential oil extracted by hydrodistillation method from dried leaves was analyzed by gas chromatography to establish its chemical profile. The leaves are hypostomatic, the epidermis in E. paniculata and N. barbellata present regular cells walls and irregular cells walls in O. indecora in both sides of epidermis. The three species present a dorsiventral mesophyll. Histochemical analyses presented lipid substances in secretory cavity and cuticle; starch, phenolic compounds and mucilage were observed in parenchyma cells of midrib and mesophyll. Ultra structural analyses demonstrated that trichomes in the species E. paniculata and O. indecora are shown only on the abaxial leaf face and species N. barbellata presented trichomes on both sides of the epidermis (abaxial and adaxial). Ocotea indecora essential oil revealed as main compound the bicyclogermacrene and N. barbellata the δ-cadinene. The species showed different morphological characters and different compounds of the essential oil, being these data useful for the differentiation of the species.

Longleaf pine (Pinus palustris) ecosystems are characterized by a diverse community of native groundcover species. Critics of plantation forestry claim that loblolly (Pinus taeda) and slash pine (Pinus elliottii) forests are devoid of native groundcover due to associated management practices. As a result of these practices, some believe that ecosystem functions characteristic of longleaf pine are lost under loblolly and slash pine plantation management. Our objective was to quantify and compare vegetation composition and structure of longleaf, loblolly, and slash pine forests of differing ages, management strategies, and land-use histories. Information from this study will further our understanding and lead to inferences about functional differences among pine cover types.Vegetation and environmental data were collected in 49 overstory plots across Southlands Experiment Forest in Bainbridge, GA. Nested plots, i.e. midstory, understory, and herbaceous, were replicated four times within each overstory plot. Over 400 species were identified. Herbaceous species richness was variable for all three pine cover types. Herbaceous richness for longleaf, slash, and loblolly pine averaged 15, 13, and 12 species per m2, respectively. Longleaf pine plots had significantly more (p < 0.029) herbaceous species and greater herbaceous cover (p < 0.001) than loblolly or slash pine plots. Longleaf and slash pine plots were otherwise similar in species richness and stand structure, both having lower overstory density, midstory density, and midstory cover than loblolly pine plots.Multivariate analyses provided additional perspectives on vegetation patterns. Ordination and classification procedures consistently placed herbaceous plots into two groups which we refer to as longleaf pine benchmark (34 plots) and non-benchmark (15 plots). Benchmark plots typically contained numerous herbaceous species characteristic of relic longleaf pine/wiregrass communities found in the area. Conversely, non-benchmark plots contained fewer species characteristic of relic longleaf pine/wiregrass communities and more ruderal species common to highly disturbed sites. The benchmark group included 12 naturally regenerated longleaf plots and 22 loblolly, slash, and longleaf pine plantation plots encompassing a broad range of silvicultural disturbances. Non-benchmark plots included eight afforested old-field plantation plots and seven cutover plantation plots. Regardless of overstory species, all afforested old fields were low either in native species richness or in abundance. Varying degrees of this groundcover condition were also found in some cutover plantation plots that were classified as non-benchmark. Environmental variables strongly influencing vegetation patterns included agricultural history and fire frequency. Results suggest that land-use history, particularly related to agriculture, has a greater influence on groundcover composition and structure in southern pine forests than more recent forest management activities or pine cover type. Additional research is needed to identify the potential for afforested old fields to recover native herbaceous species. In the interim, high-yield plantation management should initially target old-field sites which already support reduced numbers of groundcover species. Sites which have not been farmed in the past 50–60 years should be considered for longleaf pine restoration and multiple-use objectives, since they have the greatest potential for supporting diverse native vegetation.

Fine and coarse roots are key contributors to belowground net primary productivity, and play critical roles in the biogeochemical cycling of forest and woodland ecosystems. Despite their critical roles, roots have been understudied mainly due to methodological challenges. There is currently no consensus on which methods are most suitable to accurately study root biomass and production. Critical evaluation of the assumptions, strengths and inherent limitations of methods to study root biomass and production are necessary to help investigators decide which method is best for their purposes. This synthesis compares existing methods for root biomass and production estimation based on relevant criteria that include cost, labor requirements, time efficiency and accuracy and, also compares fine- and coarse-root biomass and production estimates from different methods measured at the same sites. Root excavation and soil-pit methods are commonly used to estimate coarse-root biomass, despite the high cost and labor required. Ground-Penetrating Radar is a very promising indirect approach to estimate coarse-root biomass, but may not be suitable for ecosystems with dense understory and soils with high organic matter and ion contents. Soil-core remains the most preferred method to estimate fine-root biomass. Empirical models are accepted as fast and cost-effective indirect approach to predict fine- and coarse-root biomass and production. Fine-root production is usually estimated with the (mini) rhizotrons, sequential-coring and ingrowth-core methods. Coarse-root biomass estimates were not significantly different between soil-pit and soil-core methods. There was a significant positive correlation (r2 = 0.91, p < 0.0001) between fine-root biomass estimates obtained from soil-pit and soil-core methods. Fine-root production estimates were lower in the ingrowth-core (2.06 ± 0.23 Mg ha−1 year−1) compared to the (mini) rhizotrons (3.81 ± 0.46 Mg ha−1 year−1) and sequential-coring (3.84 ± 0.93 Mg ha−1 year−1) methods. Based on the reviewed literature and comparative analysis we propose that (mini) rhizotrons should be preferred over the others in estimating fine-root production. In situations where cost and site conditions preclude their use, the sequential-coring and ingrowth-core methods are suitable. The ingrowth-core should be used with caution in sites where root growth is slow and root biomass may be influenced by strong seasonal fluctuations. Multiple methods are still recommended for yielding realistic estimates of fine- and coarse-root production, and more comparative studies of different methods should be conducted on the same sites.

Many tropical biomes are threatened by rapid land-use change, but its catchment-wide biogeochemical effects are poorly understood. The few previous studies on DOM in tropical catchments suggest that deforestation and subsequent land use increase stream water dissolved organic carbon (DOC) concentrations, but consistent effects on DOM elemental stoichiometry have not yet been reported. Here, we studied stream water DOC concentrations, catchment DOC exports, and DOM elemental stoichiometry in 20 tropical catchments at the Cerrado–Atlantic rainforest transition, dominated by natural vegetation, pasture, intensive agriculture, and urban land cover. Streams draining pasture could be distinguished from those draining natural catchments by their lower DOC concentrations, with lower DOM C:N and C:P ratios. Catchments with intensive agriculture had higher DOC exports and lower DOM C:P ratios than natural catchments. Finally, with the highest DOC concentrations and exports, as well as the highest DOM C:P and N:P ratios, but the lowest C:N ratios among all land-use types, urbanized catchments had the strongest effects on catchment DOM. Thus, urbanization may have alleviated N limitation of heterotrophic DOM decomposition, but increased P limitation. Land use—especially urbanization—also affected the seasonality of catchment biogeochemistry. While natural catchments exhibited high DOC exports and concentrations, with high DOM C:P ratios in the rainy season only, urbanized catchments had high values in these variables throughout the year. Our results suggest that urbanization and pastoral land use exerted the strongest impacts on DOM biogeochemistry in the investigated tropical catchments and should thus be important targets for management and mitigation efforts.

Eustatic sea level rise and rapidly increasing coastal development threaten tidal freshwater wetlands. Sediment deposition is one process that affects their ability to maintain surface elevations relative to adjacent rivers. Sediment dynamics in salt marshes have been studied extensively, but little is known about the factors that control sediment deposition rates in tidal freshwater wetlands. We examined geomorphic, hydrological, and biotic factors that may influence sedimentation in two tidal freshwater wetlands that fell at opposite ends of the riverine–estuarine continuum. Our data demonstrate that sediment dynamics are highly variable among tidal freshwater wetlands, and are influenced by the location of the wetland on the continuum. Sediment deposition was up to 10 times higher during the growing season at the downstream site than the upstream site. Plant density and height were highly correlated with sediment deposition rates at the downstream site (r≥0.92, p≤0.009) but not at the upstream site. Elevation, flood depth, and flood duration were correlated with deposition rates only when each site/season combination was considered separately. River suspended sediment and surficial floodwater suspended sediment concentrations were significantly higher at the downstream site (p=0.02 and p=0.04, respectively). These data suggest that vegetation is important in determining sediment deposition rates when river suspended sediment is not limiting, which is not always the case. Longer flood duration increased sediment deposition, but was of secondary importance. Land use and proximity to the turbidity maximum (near the forward extent of the salt water intrusion) appear to be critically important in determining river suspended sediment availability in the tidal freshwater zone of the Mattaponi River, VA.

The paradox between environmental conservation and economic development is a challenge for Brazil, where there is a complex and dynamic agricultural scenario. This reinforces the need for effective methods for the detailed mapping of agriculture. In this work, we employed land surface phenological metrics derived from dense satellite image time series to classify agricultural land in the Cerrado biome. We used all available Landsat images between April 2013 and April 2017, applying a weighted ensemble of Radial Basis Function (RBF) convolution filters as a kernel smoother to fill data gaps such as cloud cover and Scan Line Corrector (SLC)-off data. Through this approach, we created a dense Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) data cube with an 8-day temporal resolution and derived phenometrics for a Random Forest (RF) classification. We used a hierarchical classification with four levels, from land cover to crop rotation classes. Most of the classes showed accuracies higher than 90%. Single crop and Non-commercial crop classes presented lower accuracies. However, we showed that phenometrics derived from dense Landsat-like image time series, in a hierarchical classification scheme, has a great potential for detailed agricultural mapping. The results are promising and show that the method is consistent and robust, being applicable to mapping agricultural land throughout the entire Cerrado.

Wetland habitats are among the most threatened of all ecosystems today and still face an on-going threat despite several international agreements and national policies. In Europe, the Habitats Directive (HD) plays an important role in the protection of habitats and species of European importance. In the present study we use statistical modelling techniques and geographic information systems to explore linkages between HD Annex 1 listed habitats in wetlands and catchment characteristics, e.g. size, geology and land uses at various spatial scales (50 m, 100 m, 500 m and whole catchment). Specifically we test if we can predict the spatial distribution of protected wetland habitats from catchment characteristics and additionally that we can identify critical variables and their spatial scale. We find that we are able to use catchment characteristics to predict the occurrence of protected habitats in riparian areas with 76% correctly classified habitats. At the catchment scale a low percentage of anthropogenic drainage together with a high percentage of forest increase the probability of having protected habitats in riparian areas, whereas at the local scale a low percentage of arable land and a high percentage of natural vegetation increase the probability of having protected habitats. We believe that the model approach used can have important implications. Firstly, the model can be used as a screening tool for identifying areas with potential conservation value. Secondly, the model can also be used as a management planning tool. Riparian areas are increasingly being used as mitigation measures to reduce loads of nutrients and toxic compounds to freshwater ecosystems. These measures may interfere with the hydrological and biochemical settings in riparian areas and threaten communities that are sensitive to eutrophication, e.g. HD Annex 1 habitats. The model can with a relatively high predictability point to areas where mitigation measures should be avoided because of conservation interests. Similarly the model can be used to identify areas that potentially can be restored successfully.

This report describes a study of Callithrix kuhli and Leontopithecus chrysomelas, sympatric in a remnant forest of the Atlantic coast of Brazil. Quantitative observations of two groups were carried out for three months each during 1980. Information on the activity budgets, activity heights and feeding and ranging behavior is compared to examine ecological differences between the species. C. kuhli gouges tree trunks to obtain exudates, forages for animal prey in a foliage-gleaning fashion and takes smaller prey in the lower levels of the forest. They occupy small home ranges, approximately 10 ha, centred on a principal exudate tree. Within their range they have access to fewer sources of fruits than L. chrysomelas, which occupies large ranges of approximately 40 ha, L. chrysomelas uses the upper levels of the forest to forage in a more manipulative fashion at specific sites, such as epiphytic bromeliads, where they take generally larger prey. C. kuhli uses dense vegetation for sleeping sites whereas L. chrysomelas uses tree holes.

Seafood mislabeling is receiving increased attention by civil society, and programs and policies to address it are being implemented widely. Yet, evidence for the causes of mislabeling are largely limited to anecdotes and untested hypotheses. Mislabeling is commonly assumed to be motivated by the desire to label a lesser value product as a higher value one. Using price data from mislabeling studies, Δmislabel is estimated (i.e., the difference between the price of a labeled seafood product and its substitute when it was not mislabeled) and a meta-analysis is conducted to evaluate the evidence for an overall mislabeling for profit driver for seafood fraud. Evidence is lacking; rather, Δmislabel is highly variable. Country nor location in the supply chain do not account for the observed heterogeneity. The Δmislabel of substitute species, however, provides insights. Some species, such a sturgeon caviar, Atlantic Salmon, and Yellowfin Tuna have a positive Δmislabel, and may have the sufficient characteristics to motivate mislabeling for profit. Atlantic Bluefin Tuna and Patagonian Toothfish have a negative Δmislabel, which could represent an incentive to mislabel in order to facilitate market access for illegally-landed seafood. Most species have price differentials close to zero—suggesting other incentives may be influencing seafood mislabeling. Less than 10% of studies report price information; doing so more often could provide insights into the motivations for fraud. The causes of mislabeling appear to be diverse and context dependent, as opposed to being driven primarily by one incentive.

The physiognomy, composition and size structure of the cloud forests of Pico in the Azores were assessed to investigate the variation in the montane forests and their requirements for conservation.A series of point centre quarter transects were made through the forest fragments recording composition, density, size structure and abundance of seedlings and saplings at different sites.The population structure of the trees suggested that some areas of the forest may be successional communities from Juniperus brevifolia forest to a mixed broadleaved forest. The classification of forest types, in relation to altitude, was found to correlate most closely with that described by Grubb & Tanner (1976) J. Arnold Arb., 52, 313–368, for tropical montane forest. Together the successional, altitudinal and geological variation in the forests produces a mosaic of vegetation types from which a representive selective needs to be protected in the face of the current forest clearance.

Ecological restoration has received increasing attention as international agreements have set ambitious goals to mitigate environmental change and reshape degraded landscapes. However, current restoration activities sometimes remain modest in their success. In particular, tropical forest restoration has had mixed outcomes with variable cost-efficiency. Here, we address the need for taking into account the spatial context of restoration to inform policy initiatives that aim to improve the ecological and economic effectiveness of restoration. We accessed the spatial distribution of relevant characteristics for ecological restoration in an emblematic heavily degraded tropical region: São Paulo state, Brazil. We compared statewide patterns in soil erosion risk, distance to remnant habitat, and agricultural land use, to their characteristics in land voluntarily offered for active restoration. Based on this comparison, active restoration is likely to take place through small, low-priced parcels of land, usually in the context of substantial soil erosion risk and exacerbated deforestation. Restoration ecology predicts the need for expensive actions to assist a limited recovery process in such highly degraded conditions. This general pattern also suggests the necessity for long-term commitment among a broad set of social actors, combined to mitigation of degradation in adjacent remnants and agricultural lands. Active restoration may be complemented by spontaneous regeneration in areas with less adverse conditions. Policy makers therefore need to consider the complementarity of lands voluntarily offered for restoration, and land made available for restoration through other mechanisms. Our findings, likely applicable to other densely populated tropical regions, suggest that land-use policies need to address drivers of restoration success at a fine-scale to enable effective strategies. We suggest this can be achieved by spatial analyses that incorporate biophysical features that determine restoration opportunities and the likelihood of success.

In a world marked by a rapid population expansion and an unprecedented increase in per capita income and consumption, sustainable food production is certainly the most pressing issue affecting mankind. Within this context, the brazilian pasturelands, the main land-use form in the country, constitute a particularly important asset as a land reserve, which, through improved land-use strategies and intensification, can meet food security goals and contribute to the mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions. In this study, we utilized the entire set of Landsat 8 images available for Brazil in 2015, from which dozens of seasonal metrics were derived, to produce, through objective criteria and automated classification strategies, a new pasture map for the country. Based on the Random Forest algorithm, individually modelled and applied to each one of the 380 Landsat scenes covering the Brazilian territory, our map showed an overall accuracy of 87%. Another result of this study was the thorough spatial and temporal assessment of Landsat 8 data availability in Brazil, which indicated that about 80% of the country had 12 or fewer observations free of clouds or cloud shadows in 2015.

Rates of hybridization and introgression are increasing dramatically worldwide because of translocations of organisms and habitat modifications by humans. Hybridization has contributed to the extinction of many species through direct and indirect means. However, recent studies have found that natural hybridization has played an important role in the evolution of many plant and animal taxa. Determining whether hybridization is natural or anthropogenic is crucial for conservation, but is often difficult to achieve. Controversy has surrounded the setting of appropriate conservation policies to deal with hybridization and introgression. Any policy that deals with hybrids must be flexible and must recognize that nearly every situation involving hybridization is different enough that general rules are not likely to be effective. We provide a categorization of hybridization to help guide management decisions

Ecosystem services have predominately been valued from the perspective of individual preference, where the willingness to pay of an individual is measured either directly or indirectly. However, when one observes where money is spent on increasing ecosystem services, preserving them, compensating for their loss, or replacing lost services it is almost always through collective action of governments, corporations, or non-governmental organizations. This work suggests that revealed social preference is the most appropriate economic perspective for institutions to use in analyzing the value of ecosystem services, particularly when the scale of inference is large, the decisions to be made are multiple, or the final use of the ecosystem service is uncertain. The eco-price collates instances where society has paid for an increase in ecosystem services, to avoid their loss or restore damages, in the form of $ paid per biophysical unit of ecosystem service. Eco-prices are categorized by type of biophysical work done (i.e. water, carbon, nutrients, soil, and biodiversity). Applying the categorical eco-prices to biophysical ecosystem services flows for average forest and freshwater wetland conditions in Maryland yields an estimate of the annual ecosystem service benefit of $5,767 per hectare of forest and $9,693 per hectare of freshwater wetlands.

Abandoned fields form an integral part of the landscape of Mediterranean mountains. For centuries, very steep slopes with poor soils were cultivated to feed the local population. From the mid-20th century, agriculture on many slopes has been abandoned and secondary succession is taking place with environmental, socio-economic and landscape implications. This paper investigates the role of physical (climate variability and topography) and human (age of abandonment and field type - flat, sloping, terraced) factors in the process of secondary succession in abandoned fields in a representative Mediterranean mountain area. Aerial photographs from 1956 and 1978 were used to map the space-time process of land abandonment, and field types. Data on vegetation cover in abandoned fields was obtained in the SIOSE, the information system on land use in Spain (2006). The map was incorporated into a GIS and statistical analysis was done with R software (R, version 3.2.3).The results show that altitude and climate variability are the principal factors explaining the distribution of areas of forest and shrub. The slope and solar radiation are less important. Human management, although apparently a lesser determinant, has a strong influence. Management before abandonment conditions the spatial distribution of the seed bank and the extent of soil degradation. Management following abandonment (afforestation of conifers, shrub clearings and livestock grazing) decides where pine forest and pastures are located. The results of our case study suggest, that unlike most of cases in the literature, the age of abandonment is not the main factor explaining the natural succession processes. The knowledge about how natural and anthropogenic factors affect secondary succession should be considered a tool for land management in mountain areas.

hough strong concern over the rapid conversion of moist tropical forests may justifiably arise from any discipline, a growing interdisciplinary tide of voices is expressing its alarm over a particularly disturbing consequence of forest alteration and destruction: the reduction of species diversity through the extinction of numerous plant and animal species. Consequently, an array of ecologists, land-use planners, botanists, zoologists and conservationists are searching for means to enhance the protection and preservation of tropical forests' biotic diversity. Management schemes aimed at achieving this particular end are being investigated, particularly by UNESCO's Man and Biosphere (MAB) Project 8 of Biosphere Reserves Projects, by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN) tropical forests conservation program (UNEP, 1980) and by the World Wildlife Fund. In addition, many countries with a significant area of moist tropical forest (MTF) are beginning to pursue some form of conservation strategy.

Soil monoliths are powerful tools for soil education and for representing soils as they are found in the field. They preserve and display major soil features and are portable. The monolith herein described was collected from an active acid sulfate soil located near the western shore of the Chesapeake Bay in the Coastal Plain physiographic province in Maryland, US. The key features of this profile include a silica-cemented layer, a sulfuric horizon, prominent concentrations of jarosite and iron oxide, glauconite, and sulfidic materials. The silica-cemented layer, similar to a duripan, created a challenge for the collection of a soil monolith from this site. This layer was disassembled, fragments were cut to size, and the layer was reassembled in a soil monolith containing the underlying and overlying soil horizons. This appears to be the first published report of a method for creating a soil monolith in a silica-cemented soil. Silica-cementation in acid sulfate soils is rarely reported in the pedologic literature, though cemented layers are occasionally reported in literature on sulfidic mine tailings. By understanding silica-cementation in acid sulfate soils we may be able to induce it as a management practice in mine tailings and other environmentally hazardous sites. The goals of this study are to report on a method for creating soil monoliths from silica-cemented soils, to present explanations for the genesis of this unusual soil, and to highlight how a pedologic study of this soil could lead to further experiments to mitigate some environmentally hazardous sites.

Burkholderia glumae MA13 was isolated from soil samples of Atlantic rain forest ecosystem as a new bacterial strain for polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA) production from crude glycerol as sole carbon source. Among 107 glycerol consuming bacterial isolates, B. glumae MA13 was cultivated in shake flask experiments in order to verify its PHA production capability from crude glycerol besides waste cooking oil and sugarcane molasses free of pretreatment, showing intracellular poly(3-hydroxybutyrate) [P(3HB)] accumulation values of 51.3, 51.4 and 49% of cell dry weight (CDW), respectively. The addition of propionic or hexanoic acids to the media containing crude glycerol resulted in the copolymers poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-3-hydroxyvalerate) [P(3HB-co-3HV)] comprised of up to 32.1 mol% of 3HV monomer or poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-3-hydroxyhexanoate) [P(3HB-co-3HHx)] with a maximum of 0.3 mol% of 3HHx, respectively. Fed-batch cultivation performed in a 10 L-scale bioreactor showed a maximum P(3HB-co-3HV) production of 9.9 g/L, which was 65.1% of total biomass and consisted of 21.8 mol% of 3HV monomer, with a maximum volumetric productivity of 0.22 g/(L h). The 3HV conversion yield achieved 1.04 g/g after 48 h cultivation, which was 76.7% of the maximum theoretical yield. B. glumae MA13 has showed to be an adapted bacterial strain to the synthesis of bioplastics from biofuel byproducts, and so from here it has been revealed as a promising PHA producer for an associated production set which has been considered as a prominent and ecologically friendly alternative to petrochemical plastics and fuels.

This paper examines conflicts over land and resources in Nicaragua's Bosawás rainforest reserve between Mestizos and Mayangna Indian people. Mestizos are people of mixed Indian and European descent who speak Spanish and do not consider themselves to be Indians. Bosawás is one of the last refuges of the Mayangna indigenous group and is also the largest area of protected tropical rainforest in Central America. The Mayangna village of Sikilta, in the North Atlantic Autonomous Region, is used to illustrate the nature of land conflicts in the region. Such conflicts-between economic development and conservation, between livelihoods and conservation, and between peasant livelihoods and indigenous territorial rights-are symptomatic of rainforest areas in other parts of the world. Land conflicts in Bosawás are examined within the broader economic, political and institutional context. Potential solutions to land conflict in Sikilta are explored. The paper illustrates the complexities surrounding the demarcation and upholding of indigenous land rights. It highlights the institutional complexities and weaknesses which have allowed Sikilta's land problem to go unresolved. It is argued that until national problems of unequal access to land and unsustainable forms of forest use are addressed, communities like Sikilta will continue to suffer invasion of their land.

Cape porcupines (Hystrix africaeaustralis) have a wide geographic distribution throughout southern Africa and have a wide ecological tolerance of many terrestrial habitats, including those within human-altered landscapes. Due to their adaptability within anthropogenic landscapes, knowledge of their spatial behaviour will provide fundamental information about this species. With the aid of telemetry data (July 2016–January 2017) from 11 Cape porcupines, we investigated their habitat selection in a farmland-suburban context in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. Two levels of selection were determined, 1) at the landscape area scale (2nd order of selection) and 2) at the home range scale (3rd order of selection). Our results showed a variation in their habitat selection at the two spatial scales. Although all Cape porcupines selected the forest with bushland habitat at the landscape scale, we observed a few individuals selecting the residential and grassland habitats or used these habitat types in proportion to their availability, at the home range scale. Agricultural areas (farmlands and timber plantations) were used by Cape porcupines, but were not selected. In suburban areas, the availability of naturally woody vegetation appeared to be the main driver of the species persistence within these landscapes. Also, we addressed possible human-porcupine conflict and provide management recommendations for cultivated farmlands and suburban gardens, where the species appear to be most conflict-prone.

Beech integral biological reserves of the Fontainebleau forest (France) display varied site conditions due to geomorphological heterogeneity and to interactions between biological components of the ecosystem. Taking examples in shifts observed in plant communities following gap opening, the authors show that, as Oldeman viewed it, tree-fall gaps seem to be the driving force in sylvigenesis as well as a source of spatial biodiversity. Studies carried out on macromorphological features of humus profiles and on the behaviour of soil invertebrate communities (Lumbricidae and Nematoda) pointed out two key aspects of forest functioning. First, the renewal of the forest ecosystem is linked to the dynamics of humus forms and of soil animal functional groups, featuring the regeneration of trees. Second, tree-fall gaps are places where the forest ecosystem is destabilized and thereafter may renew itself or on the contrary may evolve towards another ecosystem, showing either a co-adaptation between the sylvigenetic and the edaphic cycle, or a discordance between these two cycles. These two aspects (co-adaptation and discordance), important from the point of view of fundamental ecology and forest management, suggest a need for further field research.

 raison de leur contexte biogéographique et géomorphologique, les zones humides du Nord-Est de l’Algérie présentent une grande richesse spécifique et coenologique. L’étude de la végétation du site Ramsar de Beni-Belaid (Petite Kabylie) a montré l’existence de quatre principales communautés végétales réparties sur des gradients d’hydrologie et de perturbation. Les résultats obtenus révèlent d’importantes menaces sur le court terme : le surpâturage entraîne l’envahissement du lac par le sable érodé des dunes littorales ; l’agriculture est à l’origine de défrichements illégaux, d’une pollution des eaux et de pompages excessifs dans la nappe phréatique ; enfin, la chasse et la pêche sont illégalement pratiquées au sein même du site Ramsar. Une prise de conscience des pouvoirs publics est nécessaire pour : (1) mettre en défens la zone humide dans le but de restaurer une ceinture forestière tampon et (2) d’initier une campagne de sensibilisation et d’implication de la population locale dans la gestion conservatoire du site.

Agroforestry offers proven strategies as an environmentally benign and ecologically sustainable land management practice to promote ecosystem services. In this literature review, we systematically consider the agroforestry and ecosystem services literature with the aim to identify and catalogue the knowledge field and provide the first systematic synthesis of ecosystem services research in relation to European agroforestry. We reviewed 71 scientific publications from studies conducted in farmland and forest ecosystems with various types of agroforestry management. Each publication was systematically characterized and classified by agroforestry practice and research approach in order to provide an insight into the current research state in addressing ecosystem services (including methods, indicators, and approaches). Spatial distribution of the case study sites in Europe was also explored. In addition, typical clusters of similar research approaches were identified.The results show that ecosystem service assessment of European agroforestry is currently focused on the spatially extensive wood pastures in the Mediterranean, Atlantic, and Continental agricultural mosaic landscapes. A specific emphasis has been on regulating, supporting, and provisioning services, such as provision of habitat and biodiversity, food, climate regulation, fibre, and fuel, and the consideration of cultural services has been largely limited to aesthetic value. There is a bias to biophysical and monetary research approaches. The majority of the studies focus on quantitative methods and biophysical field measurements addressing the assessment of only one or two services. Monetary approaches have been applied in less than one fifth of the studies but form a distinctive group.Our results highlight gaps and biases in the ecosystem service research agenda within agroforestry based on which we conclude that research should aim to diversify from the biophysical and monetary approaches, towards a wider variety of approaches, especially socio-cultural, and a wider coverage of ecosystem services. Stronger consideration of stakeholder participation and introduction of spatially explicit mapping are also important key actions. We make suggestions to advance the promise of ecosystem services provision from European agroforestry in decision making including various actors, stakeholders, and institutions, with strong links to policy processes, such as the EU Biodiversity Strategy and Common Agricultural Policy.

In Brazil most forms of hunting and keeping of wild animals are illegal, although they remain widely practiced and are deeply culturally embedded in many regions. The drivers of such widespread non-compliance are poorly understood and evidence to support future policy decisions is generally lacking. In this paper, we seek to stimulate a critical debate on how to deal with hunting in Brazil by analysing the main factors driving non-compliance with current legislation. This is particularly timely given that several amendments to existing legislation are currently under consideration. Our analysis suggests that, while there are no simple solutions to non-compliance, a targeted suite of the following policy options could improve the monitoring, sustainability and conservation consequences of hunting in Brazil: (i) simplifying the process to become a registered subsistence hunter; (ii) expanding participation in licensing schemes; (iii) investing in pilot studies and assessing their environmental and socioeconomic impacts; (iv) expanding community-based management programmes; (v) trailing education and social marketing campaigns. These policy options are geographically and social-context specific and would be most effectively be implemented at regional or sub-regional scales.

Globally, managers are trying to prevent or halt the eutrophication of valuable estuaries and bays by reducing nutrient inputs, but justifying the cost of conservation or processing facility upgrades often proves challenging. We focus on a coastal watershed in Maine and New Hampshire struggling with the financial burdens of nitrogen pollution mandates due to the eutrophication of the Great Bay estuary. After creating two future watershed land cover scenarios comparing plausible extremes, we ran them through two models, the Natural Capital Project’s InVEST (Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Tradeoffs) and a detailed hydrologic and biogeochemical river network model FrAMES (Framework for Aquatic Modeling of the Earth System). Through this work, we both evaluated and valued the ecosystem service of nitrogen retention. We find that both models provide numerical arguments for conservation efforts, and decision makers would benefit from using either an ecosystem services model or a biogeochemical model when dealing with complex issues like nutrient overenrichment. According to both our modeling results, modest watershed conservation efforts as defined by our expert stakeholders, ie: protecting wetlands and forests, could reduce the amount of total nitrogen entering the Great Bay estuary in the range of 3–28 metric tons per year.

Passion fruit peel is a by-product of the fruit industry. Like other agroindustrial by-products, it is generated in large amounts, possesses low commercial value, and is discarded as waste. This study aimed to explore the potential of Araucaria forest fungi to produce xylanases, using passion fruit peel as the substrate. About 65 fungal lineages were isolated from Araucaria forest soil and screened for xylanase enzyme production. Among these, a fungal strain, identified as Aspergillus flavus, showed high potential for xylanase production by using passion fruit peel as the sole substrate. Process optimization resulted in a 7.89-fold increase in enzyme activity. The xylanases were stable at 55–60 °C, over a broad pH range; these are characteristics desired for pulp biobleaching. Therefore, the potential of using A. flavus crude xylanases for bleaching kraft pulp was examined; the results show that these enzymes are potential bleaching agents, with a Kappa efficiency of 35.93%. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to show impressive yields of xylanases by using passion fruit peel by-product as carbon source. This kind of “waste valorization” can help to reduce the production cost of xylanase, as well as the environmental problems posed by inappropriate disposal.

Climate change and land-cover change will have major impacts on biodiversity persistence worldwide. These two stressors are likely to interact, but how climate change will mediate the effects of land-cover change remains poorly understood. Here we use an empirically-derived model of the interaction between habitat loss and climate to predict the implications of this for biodiversity loss and conservation priorities at a global scale. Risk analysis was used to estimate the risk of biodiversity loss due to alternative future land-cover change scenarios and to quantify how climate change mediates this risk. We demonstrate that the interaction of climate change with land-cover change could increase the impact of land-cover change on birds and mammals by up to 43% and 24% respectively and alter the spatial distribution of threats. Additionally, we show that the ranking of global biodiversity hotspots by threat depends critically on the interaction between climate change and habitat loss. Our study suggests that the investment of conservation resources will likely change once the interaction between climate change and land-cover change is taken into account. We argue that global conservation efforts must take this into account if we are to develop cost-effective conservation policies and strategies under global change.

The paper attempts to describe Italian mammal diversity in an evolutionary context. With 122 species according latest researches, Italy holds the richest mammal assemblage among European countries. Specific taxa are often represented by clearly distinctive lineages and several of them appear restricted to the Italian peninsula. Poor knowledge of taxonomy and uncritical application of IUCN threat categories at the national level could produce a flawed set of conservation priorities, independently from the rigorous application of the proposed guidelines for national Red List assessments. Furthermore, classical conservation assessments and protective legislation only consider traditionally named taxa, often privileging insular taxa of artificial origin but neglecting most of the results of genetic and molecular studies on intraspecific variation. The aim of the present work is to outline the need to incorporate phylogenetic and biogeographic data in the assessment of conservation priorities among mammals in Italy, in order to maximise the national contribution to biodiversity conservation in Europe. To this end, distribution, threat status, intraspecific and supraspecific taxonomy of the native mammal fauna should be analysed in a global context. Phylogeographic patterns emerging from previous studies indicate the general inadequacy of continental European populations serving as sources for re-stocking or re-introductions operations in Italy and the other European peninsulas. Thus the importance of integrating international guidelines on reintroductions with a clear understanding of national biogeographical peculiarities is highlighted.

International, economic and environmental contexts in this century are strongly affected by risks and uncertainties. Due to the long-term nature of forest investment, forest managers must integrate risks and uncertainties into their decisions. Our objective is to build a decision support tool to optimize forest management under multiple risks: extreme events and price variations. Our method integrates, into an economic model, different types of models on forest growth, price functions, predicted storm intensity and intervals, and damage functions. A numerical simulation applied to European beech (Fagus sylvatica) in Northwestern France shows that price variation as between 1974 and 2016 produces higher economic loss than does storm damage. We conclude on the need to concentrate forest policy on the development of new technologies and wood industry practices to increase the value of this natural resource. However, future climate change may well influence storm frequency and intensity, and this places limits on our conclusions.

Wetland restoration performed as a requirement of compensatory mitigation does not always replace lost acreage or functions. Most new projects are required to identify performance standards to evaluate restoration outcomes. Current performance standards are primarily related to vegetation with little to no evaluation of wetland hydrologic regimes. Because of the agreement in the scientific literature about the role of hydrology in creating and maintaining wetland structure and function, hydrologic performance standards may be an ecologically meaningful way to evaluate restoration outcomes. This research tests the use of water level data from project specific reference sites to evaluate restored water levels for three distinct wetland types across the United States. We analyzed existing datasets from past and ongoing wetland mitigation projects to identify the number of years it took water levels in restored wetlands to match reference sites, and to test whether similar water levels between restored and reference sites leads to increased vegetation success. Wetland types differed in the number of years it took for water levels to match reference sites. Vernal pools in California took nine years to match reference sites, fens and wet meadows in Colorado took four years, and forested wetlands in the southeastern US were hydrologically similar to reference sites the first year following restoration. Plant species cover in all three restored wetland types was related to the water level similarity to reference sites. Native cover was higher when water levels were more similar to reference sites, and was lower in areas where water levels were different. Exotic species cover showed the opposite relationship in fens and wet meadows, where hydrologic similarity led to low cover of exotic species. Along with the general agreement of the importance of hydrology for wetland form and function, this research shows that hydrologic performance standards may also lead to increased vegetation success in some wetland types.

The tropical moist forests (TMF) of the Congo Basin are extremely diverse in terms of structure and functional diversity. Previous paleoecological work suggests that these forests have experienced dramatic changes over the last millennia, related to climate or humans. These disturbances still influence today's repartition of forests and savannas as well as species distributions. The objective of this study is to explore the sensitivity of phytolith assemblages, compared to the δ13C of soil organic carbon (SOC), to reconstruct past tree cover of the present TMF.Large transects across different geological substrata and forest communities were explored. In total, 18 soil profiles were investigated for pedogenic features, and 53 radiocarbon dates from SOC and charcoals were obtained. Phytolith extractions from modern soils and along four soil profiles were performed. The δ13C of SOC and phytolith assemblages were interpreted in terms of tree cover changes. One of the most interesting results highlighted by this study was the strong match between phytolith tree cover and the δ13C signal; as it not only aids the interpretation of δ13C soil signals, but also puts into question the transport behavior of phytoliths in soil by processes that are still poorly understood.The δ13C SOC method has been successfully used to study major vegetation changes in Africa, but has never been previously constrained with another proxy of tree cover. This study confirms the value of a multi-proxy approach to investigate past vegetation changes in African tropical moist forests, and shows that SOC δ13C and phytolith signatures in soil profiles display the same dynamics and are complementary. They suggest that the majority of the present forested sites never experienced a true savanna phase.

Least flycatcher Empidonax minimus distributions were studied in northern Michigan (USA) from 1984–1985 in large (> 100 ha) continuous hardwood forests adjacent to forest disturbances of 0·8–21 ha. This species occurred in dense aggregations ranging from 3·06 to 8·71 birds ha−1. Flycatcher response to forest disturbances was evaluated by measuring the distance from the perimeter of an aggregation to the nearest forest opening and by monitoring breeding bird density within aggregations near disturbances. A gradient in flycatcher response to forest openings is hypothesised, ranging from no changes in breeding bird density and spatial distribution of aggregations near small disturbances to reductions in breeding bird density and spatial shifts in aggregations into the forest interior for large disturbances. A significant positive relationship was obtained for size of a forest opening and the distance aggregations were displaced into the forest interior. Displacement distances asymptotically levelled off at 200 m for openings ≥ 10 ha. No relationship was found for breeding bird density and forest opening size. Vegetative comparisons of utilised and unutilised habitat indicated that a well-developed canopy and large-tall trees may be important in the selection of habitat by aggregating flycatchers.

Melanophryniscus is a bufonid frog genus with a broad geographic distribution over southeastern South America. In recent years, several new species of Melanophryniscus have been discovered in southern Brazil showing a distinctive life-history strategy for the genus - breeding in phytotelmata - as well as a strong association with high-altitude regions. In this study, we use mitogenomic data to infer the phylogenetic relationships among diurnal, phytotelm-breeding Melanophryniscus and to determine the timing of their divergence. We obtained the mitochondrial genomes (not including the control region) for eight individuals of Melanophryniscus representing all three described species (M. alipioi, M. milanoi, and M. xanthostomus), as well as some recently-discovered and potentially new species. Gene order was conserved in all species and corresponded to the general order found in bufonids. Although the phylogenetic relationships among the studied species was poorly supported, dating confirmed that they diverged during the Pleistocene, suggesting that phytotelm breeding could have arisen during drier periods in the glacial/interglacial cycles due to a decrease in the availability of permanent streams or ephemeral/temporary streams or ponds in which Melanophryniscus species commonly breed.

We used 2 years of camera-trap surveys conducted by citizen scientists to compare native mammal and bird visits to dominant fruiting-tree species in low and high cattle-impact areas of rarely-flooded “cordilheira” forests in the Brazilian Pantanal. Monthly fruit censuses showed greater diversity of fruiting-tree species in low cattle-impact areas. Citizen scientists documented 29 native mammal and bird species among 5639 photo records obtained at fruiting trees. Analyses of 3 sets of camera-trap samples comprising: (1) only Attalea phalerata palms, (2) all ten dominant fruiting-tree species, and (3) all except a species with a highly-valued fruit and an unusual distribution, showed that faunal composition in low cattle-impact areas was significantly different and more diverse compared to that in high cattle-impact areas. Long-term cattle-related alterations of forest vegetation and short-term fruit depletion and interference by cattle explained faunal differences. While 5 frugivores and 1 carnivore were consistent indicators of low cattle-impact conditions, the value of 2 other frugivores (Tayassu pecari and Crax fasciolata) as indicators of cattle impact varied depending on fruit-species nutritive value, timing, and distribution. Improved cattle management is needed to prevent additional loss of forest biodiversity.

The management potential of neotropical secondary lowland rain forests is reviewed in the light of the increasing land area occupied by them and the continuing destruction of primary forests. The ecological group of long-lived intolerant trees, or big pioneers, is shown to consist almost exclusively of commercial or utilizable trees which are abundant and fast-growing in secondary rain forests throughout the neotropics. The timbers are relatively light and lack natural durability but these factors do not constitute problems for utilization. The Trinidad Shelterwood System is analysed, demonstrating the technical and economic feasibility of secondary forest management in situations in which markets accept timbers of long-lived intolerant species. It is concluded that while the biological management potential of secondary forests is general in the neotropics, favourable market conditions are not, but the growing demand for and shrinking supply of forest products should change this in the future. A population-based model of secondary succession is used as the framework for a simple preliminary sequence of silvicultural treatments, based upon a monocyclic approach. The ecological sustainability of secondary forest management is considered to depend on the maintenance of ecosystem function which, on poor soils, may be broken down by the relatively intensive interventions of a monocyclic system. This is by no means certain, however, and research is needed. Secondary forests usually constitute habitat islands and this must be taken into account in their management, especially with respect to natural regeneration from seed. The relatively high productivity of secondary forests and their potential for management through simple operations, in combination with certain crops if desired, are considered to suit them for incorporation into small and medium farm production systems.

Migratory species are fundamental for the long-term maintenance of biodiversity, as well as for the ecological functions they provide. Their current protection, however, lacks a clear understanding of how conservation areas are able to maintain the connectivity of populations in different periods of the migration cycle. Such a problem is even more significant in light of the consequences of climate change on the availability of suitable habitats, especially for those species for which the effects can be amplified by the long distances covered during migration. Here, a graph-theoretic approach was implemented to test for the relationship between current and projected climate conditions on the connectivity of conservation areas for migratory birds. The framework was tested by considering the migration system of the northwestern populations of Eurasian spoonbill (Platalea leucorodia leucorodia), characterized by mid-long-range movements between the breeding sites in the Netherlands and wintering sites in Spain, Senegal and Mauritania. Climate effects suggest an ever-increasing range of distances to cover by the spoonbills, increasing the separation between important stopover and wintering areas. The current spatial configuration of areas will hardly support the long-range spoonbill migration, increasing the risk of fragmentation and contraction of populations, unlikely to support the spoonbill migration system. The methodology described can be applied to other migration systems, incorporating useful information in the implementation of conservation policies able to identify important areas for the long-term persistence of biodiversity.

Based on long-term monitoring conducted in Chang-ning county, a pilot site of the ‘Grain for Green Program’ (GFGP), an integrated emergy and economic method was applied to evaluate the dynamic ecological-economic performance of 3 kinds of bamboo systems planted on sloping farmland. The results confirmed the positive effects of all 3 kinds of bamboo systems on water conservation and soil erosion control. The benefits gained progressively increased during the first 8 years after conversion, going from 4639 to 16127 EMyuan/ha/yr on average. All three bamboo plantations were much more sustainable than common agricultural crops planted on sloping land (CP) on both the short and long-term scales with their Emergy Sustainability Index (ESI) and Emergy Index for Sustainable Development (EISD), respectively, being 14.07–325.71 and 80.35–265.80 times that of CP. However, all 3 bamboo plantations had a Net Economic Benefit (NEB) less than that of CP during the first 8 years after conversion. Even with the government-mandated ecological compensation applied, the annual NEBECs of the Bambusa rigida (BR) and Phyllostachys pubescense (PP) plantations were, respectively, 3922.03 and 7422.77 yuan/ha/yr lower than the NEB of CP. Emergy-based evaluation of ecosystem services provides an objective reference for applying ecological compensation in strategy-making, but it cannot wholly solve the economic viability problem faced by all bamboo plantations. Inter-planting annual herbs or edible fungus, such as Dictyophora echinovolvata, within bamboo forests, especially in young bamboo plantations, might be a direction for optimizing bamboo cultivation that would improve its economic viability.

Deforestation, ecosystem homogenization, and diversity loss are frequent problems in tropical livestock systems, which can foster substantial human-wildlife conflict when wild carnivores with declining prey bases turn to cattle depredation. The objective of this paper was to examine spatial and temporal variation in the presence, composition, and diversity of wild fauna, including predators and their prey base, in a well-established tropical livestock system. The study was conducted on a ~ 140,000 ha ranch in the Cerrado-Pantanal transition zone in Brazil, where large areas of improved pasture are bounded by blocks of intact montane forests and seasonally flooded lowland habitat. The study sampled wildlife with camera traps distributed across the land use gradient and rancher depredation observations were also obtained. Depredation accounted for the loss of 0.9% of the total herd in the sampling year, and the number of depredation events was greater closer to intact forest and distant from centralized ranch structures and mechanized operations. Mammal diversity was greatest adjacent to intact forest and supported a complete representation of the native trophic structure, including large predators such as jaguar (Panthera onca), puma (Puma concolor), and maned wolf (Chrysocyon brachyurus) and a diverse and abundant prey base. Sites progressively distant from intact forest and with more intensive conversion and development supported smaller subsets of the diversity and composition, and no apex predators. Livestock management practices to reduce the economic impact of depredation on calves requires faithful adherence, while opportunities exist for landscape management that will enhance diversity and facilitate movement of large mammals between intact forests.

Peat initiation during the Late-Holocene was studied in the eastern part of the Massif Central in France from the analysis of numerous conventional and AMS radiocarbon dates obtained in the basal layers of 83 mires, representative of old, thick deposits, but also of younger and marginal mire areas. Radiocarbon dates were calibrated to calendar years BP in order to generate probability distributions of calibrated radiocarbon dates. Only the oldest dates from each mire were used for this statistical analysis.It appears that the Late-Holocene was one of the two most intensive periods of peat initiation since the end of the glacial period. Peat initiation began around 4500 cal. BP, following a complete halt in the formation of mires from 5300 to 4500 cal. BP. By contrast, peat initiation increased significantly since 2400 cal. BP. This history of Late-Holocene peat initiation is not in agreement with chronologies of climatic change in Western Europe. The hypothesis is that peat initiation during the last 4500 years was a consequence of agricultural expansion in the Massif Central in France, which is supported by pollen and archaeological data. Nevertheless, the possible role of climate in certain periods, for example during the Little Ice Age, is not discounted.In term of conservation, the demonstration of a human origin of certain mires leads to a new interest in these ecosystems, and provide a huge argument in order to protect them. Indeed, because of their existence, they testify to the history of agricultural expansion, and some mires are therefore the object of archaeological studies.

One key aspect of global change is a decrease in ecological integrity as more and more landscapes are developed, leaving a mosaic of intact refuges and degraded patches that may not be sufficient for conserving biodiversity. While increases in human population and shifts in the distribution of people affect land use, the temporary movement of people can have major implications for conservation and biodiversity. Three examples are presented where recreation/tourism can enhance the conservation of land on a landscape scale, leading to habitat protection and biodiversity preservation: (1) Shorebirds often require a matrix of different habitat types during migratory stopovers, and ecotourism can serve as a catalyst for landscape scale protection of habitat. (2) Riparian habitats can serve as corridors to link diverse habitat patches, as well as serving as biodiversity hotspots. (3) Remediation and rehabilitation of contaminated lands, such as those of the US Department of Energy, aimed at developing recreational activities on the uncontaminated portions, can be the most economical form of re-development with no increase in human or ecological risk. Since large areas on many DOE sites have been undisturbed since the Second World War, when they were acquired, they contain unique or valuable ecosystems that serve an important role within their regional landscapes. In all three cases the judicious development of recreational/tourist interests can encourage both the conservation of habitats and the wise management of habitats on a landscape scale. While some species or habitats are too fragile for sustained tourism, many can be managed so that species, ecosystems and ecotourists flourish. By contributing to the economic base of regions, ecotourists/recreationists can influence the protection of land and biodiversity on a landscape scale, contributing to ecosystem management. The human dimensions of land preservation and biodiversity protection are key to long-term sustainability, and ecotourists/recreationists can be one management option.

There is a widespread view that forest plantations with exotic species are green deserts, unable to sustain biodiversity. Few studies have demonstrated, however, that planted stands of exotic trees have a greater negative effect on the plant diversity of savanna vegetation. We compared the native woody flora under four stands of slash pine of about 45 years old with four stands where the previously existing native Cerrado vegetation was preserved and protected from disturbances for the same period, has changed into dense vegetation – the “cerradão”, at Assis municipality, São Paulo State, Brazil. Aiming at understanding the potential ecological filters driving these communities, we assessed air and soil humidity, light availability and classified the native species on the basis of shade tolerance, dispersal syndrome and biomes in which they occur (Atlantic Forest or Cerrado). We recorded an average of 70 (±13) species under pine stands and 54 (±16) species in cerradão. Of the total of 136 species recorded, 78 occurred in both habitats, eight were exclusive to the “cerradão” (shade tolerant and also occurring in forest ecosystems) and 18 were recorded only under pine stands (82% heliophytic, exclusive to the Cerrado biome). Among the functional attributes and abiotic variables analyzed, only light availability explained the floristic differences found. Since richness was higher under pine, we refuted the hypothesis that exotic species constrain the establishment of the native species richness in the understory. On the other hand, the dark environment under the closed-canopy of the “cerradão” acts as a filter inhibiting the establishment of typical Cerrado species. Since pine stands, if managed in long cycle, maintain a reasonable pool of Cerrado endemic species in the understory pine plantations may be a good starting point for savanna restoration.

In this study we projected the effect of anthropogenic climate change in endemic and restricted-range Andean bird species that spread out from the center of Bolivia to southeastern Peru. We also analyzed the representation of these species in protected areas. The ensemble forecasts from niche-based models indicated that 91–100% of species may reduce their range size under full and no dispersal scenarios, including five species that are currently threatened. The large range reduction (average 63%) suggests these mountain species may be threatened by climate change. The strong effects due to range species losses are predicted in the humid mountain forests of Bolivia. The representation of bird species also decreased in protected areas. Partial gap species (94–86%) are expected to increase over the present (62%). This suggests climate change and other non-climate stressors should be incorporated in conservations plans for the long-term persistence of these species. This study anticipates the magnitude of shifts in the distribution of endemic birds, and represents in the study area the first exploration of the representation of range-restricted Andean birds in protected areas under climate change.

s European integration increasingly affects pan-European nature conservation, indicators for the assessment of habitats are urgently needed to support ecosystem integrity monitoring as well as the target of halting biodiversity loss by 2010. The Natura 2000 network of protected sites with a strong focus on the protection of habitat types and strict monitoring obligations is now legally binding for all Member States. From a set of indicators that have been proposed for habitat monitoring by the SPIN project (Spatial Indicators for European Nature Conservation) we describe measures of landscape structure and soil function and their potential for the monitoring and management of protected areas and the surrounding landscape. In a case study from Austria, we show that structure-related indicators hold potential for the documentation of local-scale changes on a degraded raised bog Natura 2000 site. In a regional scale case study in northern Germany, we show how landscape metrics relate agricultural statistics, e.g. farm size and livestock density to landscape structure. In a third case study from Slovenia, we show how coarse-scale soil data can be disaggregated to finer scale by integrating topographic information and additional parameters for modelling, and production of soil-related habitat suitability maps. From these case studies we provide an overview of some of the critical issues affecting the selection and application of spatial indicators for nature conservation monitoring tasks. End users of spatial indicators work at different scales and in different biogeographical regions. The indicator selection and application demonstrated in our three case studies reveals the capability to contribute to a more quantitative evidence base for monitoring and management of biodiversity in Europe.

Drylands are highly vulnerable to desertification and among the most endangered ecosystems. To understand how biodiversity responds to environmental degradation in these fragile ecosystems, we examined whether arthropod, beetle, spider and ant diversity and assemblage structure differed (1) between seasons, (2) among locations (3) between protected areas of tropical dry forest and adjacent communal lands suffering from desertification, as well as (4) how vegetation impacts assemblage structures. We established 12 plots spaced homogenously throughout each protected area and the adjacent communal land at three locations: Beersheba, Bandia and Ngazobil. Within each plot, we measured canopy closure, vegetation height, percent cover of bare ground, leaf litter, grasses and forbs and collected arthropods using pitfall traps during the 2014 dry (May) and rainy (September) seasons. We collected 123,705 arthropods representing 733 morphospecies, 10,849 beetles representing 216 morphospecies, 4969 spiders representing 91 morphospecies and 59,183 ants representing 45 morphospecies. Results showed greater arthropod and beetle diversities (P = 0.002–0.040) in the rainy season, no difference in diversity among locations for any taxonomic group and a difference (P ≤ 0.001) in diversity for all taxa between protected areas and communal lands. Assemblage structures of all taxa responded (P = 0.001) to vegetation characteristics, differed (P = 0.015–0.045) between seasons and, with a few exceptions, locations and fragments. Our results illustrate the importance of a multi-taxa approach in understanding biodiversity response to anthropogenic disturbances as well as the value of protected areas in preserving biodiversity of the Sahel.

The banded ironstone formation (BIF) ranges of south-western Australia are prominent landforms in a flat landscape and host a diverse flora. Plant diversity is expected to have a positive relationship with environmental heterogeneity in these ranges. However, there has been a lack of high-resolution data to assess how fine-scale environmental variation structures changes in plant communities across these ranges. We calculated species richness and corrected weighted endemism over 659 quadrats (each 400 m2) and investigated their spatial distribution across BIFs in relation to 1 m resolution variables (microtopographic heterogeneity, solar radiation and topographic wetness) using geographically weighted regression. Microtopographic heterogeneity was most strongly related to richness and endemism, but this association was spatially variable at short distances across BIFs: relationships were negative or weakly positive on north-eastern range sections, whereas positive associations became progressively stronger further south and west on central, western and southern sections. Negative solar radiation-plant associations were reduced in these areas, likely because metre-scale surface variation moderates insolation. Topographic wetness-plant associations were negative on BIFs, but positive on the surrounding plains. The presence of fine-scale, geographically variant heterogeneity-diversity relationships in other locations would be difficult to detect if high-resolution environmental data are not used, with the implication that conservation decision-making may be compromised. Given climatic warming predicted for south-western Australia and other regions globally, a similar approach to that applied here can contribute to conservation by identifying locations likely to act as micro-buffers against warming.

The earth's climate may currently be undergoing a warming in response to the well documented accumulation of CO2 and other greenhouse gases. Changes in forestland areas and biomass are playing a role in the accumulation. This paper reviews and offers some observations on estimates of the role of forests in the carbon cycle. The temperate forests are roughly in carbon balance, with biomass growth equaling or exceeding losses. The tropical forests, by contrast, are a carbon source with forest area declining due primarily to land-use changes. A number of carbon-sequestering sources, such as wood construction and landfills, may be sequestering more carbon than is commonly assumed. Climate change can also affect forests. A number of mechanisms that influence forest growth and composition are discussed. In the absence of increased precipitation and/or a CO2 “fertilization” effect, warming is likely to diminish forest area and biomass. Forest burning is part of the natural cycle. During a burn, carbon is released through the post-burning period and typically involves carbon sequestering as the result of regeneration and vigorous growth. In an undisturbed natural system, a steady-state level of global forest biomass would be reached. Anthropogenic factors can upset the natural steady state. In a period of rapid climate transition, such as might accompany a global warming, forests are likely to lose vigor and thus be particularly susceptible to wildfire.

ral traits are thought to be important determinants of the resilience of animal species to a rapidly changing global climate. Although increasing temperature has taken centre stage in the debate over climate change, animals will have to survive more than just extreme heat to persist in the Anthropocene. The aim of this review is to stimulate interest in the opportunities for integrative and applied behavioural study of how animals can survive life-threatening weather events, in order to help achieve the societal goal of maintaining viable wildlife populations under future climate scenarios. First, using the thermoregulatory behaviour of a hypothetical ground squirrel species as an example, we explore how different scenarios of behavioural flexibility, plasticity, adaptation, exaptation and management action can lead to population persistence or extinction. Next, we propose that considering weather events such as heatwaves, storms and floods, wildfire and drought as selective pressures worthy of investigation provides a new research framework for climate-related conservation behaviour. In our review we provide examples of the responses of animals to different types of weather extremes and describe behavioural adaptations to environments with extreme climates. We give methodological recommendations to jump start climate change research by behaviourists. Finally, we conclude with suggestions for using citizen science and a public video repository to foster evidence-based decision making for managing habitats and prioritizing species conservation efforts in light of the threats to biodiversity posed by climate change.

Globally, managers are trying to prevent or halt the eutrophication of valuable estuaries and bays by reducing nutrient inputs, but justifying the cost of conservation or processing facility upgrades often proves challenging. We focus on a coastal watershed in Maine and New Hampshire struggling with the financial burdens of nitrogen pollution mandates due to the eutrophication of the Great Bay estuary. After creating two future watershed land cover scenarios comparing plausible extremes, we ran them through two models, the Natural Capital Project’s InVEST (Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Tradeoffs) and a detailed hydrologic and biogeochemical river network model FrAMES (Framework for Aquatic Modeling of the Earth System). Through this work, we both evaluated and valued the ecosystem service of nitrogen retention. We find that both models provide numerical arguments for conservation efforts, and decision makers would benefit from using either an ecosystem services model or a biogeochemical model when dealing with complex issues like nutrient overenrichment. According to both our modeling results, modest watershed conservation efforts as defined by our expert stakeholders, ie: protecting wetlands and forests, could reduce the amount of total nitrogen entering the Great Bay estuary in the range of 3–28 metric tons per year.

Rapidly expanding road networks have been a key driver of the fragmentation and isolation of many wildlife species, and are a source of significant mortality due to collisions with vehicles. But not all animals are affected equally by transportation infrastructure, and in most cases little is known about the population-scale consequences of roads for wildlife. Even less information is available to characterize species’ behavioral responses to roads. Although research shows that maned wolves (Chrysocyon brachyurus) in Brazil are experiencing considerable fragmentation and road mortality, the degree to which these disturbances are impacting the species’ viability is unknown. The goal of this study was to analyze the potential effects of roads on maned wolf population size and structure. We used a simulation model to evaluate the population-scale consequences of individual maned wolf interactions with roads, which can result in road crossing, avoidance, or mortality due to a collision with a vehicle. We also forecasted where in Brazil these impacts might be most significant. Our model incorporated species demographic and movement parameters, plus habitat quality and a map of the road network. We found that even moderate rates of road mortality led to severe declines in population size, and that four specific locations accounted for a disproportionate fraction of roadkill events. Our approach will be generally useful for evaluating the relative importance of road effects on species conservation in many ecological systems, for prioritizing data collection efforts, and for informing conservation policies and mitigation strategies.

Reducing carbon emissions from deforestation and forest degradation is now a vital component in climate change mitigation strategies. Global initiatives such as REDD+ are receiving growing investments, and in-country policy makers are under pressure to protect intact forests. In 2008, Brazil met these pressures by making deforestation reduction a central piece of its climate change policy. Although previous research found that this policy led to reduced deforestation, decreases in fire–another significant factor in carbon emissions–were not observed. Here we revisit Amazonia, the target location of Brazil’s anti-deforestation policies, to determine how precipitation may be affecting forest fires in the area while controlling for other potential biophysical, economic, and institutional correlates. Using data on precipitation and deforestation alongside MODIS active fire and burned area data, this article examines the general spatial-temporal trends of fire in the region between 2001 and 2013. We then implements statistical models to measure the relative impact of precipitation and anti-deforestation policies on both fire events and burned area over the time period. The analysis shows that while deforestation decreased under policy treatment, forest fires were less responsive to policies. Furthermore, the analysis provides strong evidence for the existence of a precipitation effect on both fire events and burned area. Results indicate that a one standard deviation decrease in precipitation from its normal could increase fire events by 11–15% and burned area by 18–27%. The article concludes by addressing the challenges in controlling fire in Amazonia under drier climatic conditions in the presence of abundant fuel and ignition sources.

The hairy type of black poplar (Populus nigra ssp. caudina) growing along the Neretva river (Bosnia and Herzegovina) differs considerably from the black poplar in the riparian populations along the rivers Danube, Drava and Sava in Croatia. This rare hairy type of P. nigra, considered to be a tertiary relict and a xeromorphic form in the sub-Mediterranean region, was compared to the typical European black poplar with the discriminant analysis. The analysed species differ significantly in all five investigated morphological traits. The possible role of the hairy black poplar in the conservation of forest genetic resources of black poplar in relation to climatic changes was discussed.

Assessment of faunal distribution in relation to landscape features is becoming increasingly popular. Technological advances in remote sensing have encouraged regional analyses of the distributions of terrestrial vertebrates. Comparisons of the strength of association of habitat characteristics at various scales of measurement of habitat structure are rare. We compared the associations of forest cover-type, stand size-class, and stand structure to abundance of breeding bird species in managed forest in northern New England. We surveyed breeding birds and measured stand structure in 20 stands to test the hypothesis that forest cover-type, stand size-class, and structure variables were equally associated with numbers of forest birds. We fit regression models to data from each data source to predict the log number of individuals for each species. We restricted our analyses to cover-types with > 1 size-class and to size-classes representing > 1 cover-type, and restricted our comparisons to bird species with at least 10 observations/yr for 2 yr. Of 31 bird species that met our criteria for analysis, a significant (P < 0.05) association was detected between bird abundance and structure data for 30 species, cover-type data for 19 species, and size-class data for 10 species. Stand structure was the best predictor of bird abundance for 25 species, cover-type for 5 species, and size-class for none. Of the 14 structure variables used in the analyses, total foliage volume of large and mid-size deciduous trees, density of mid-size trees, total woody stem density, total deciduous understory volume and total volume of large conifers were most frequently important in explaining variation in species abundances. Although each species had a unique set of structural affinities, multi-layered stands are apparently more important to long-distance migrants, in general, than to resident/short distance migrants. Large-scale efforts to identify important habitats, assess degree of protection, or monitor species/habitat trends are important to conservation. For forest birds, such efforts must include estimates of the factors to which the species of concern respond. At the stand scale in New England, it seems that bird abundance is more strongly associated with forest structure than with forest cover-type or stand size-class.

In South American highland forests, domestic grazing can cause major changes in forest structure and soil quality thereby altering resources available to avian communities. However, the consequences of changes in variability in plant growth forms after disturbance are little known. Understanding forest succession effects on avifauna is critical though, given that area in secondary forests is expected to increase in the future. We sampled bird communities at 172 sample points in Polylepis shrublands and forests patches in Argentina. For each of these points, we calculated vegetation variables (NDVI, NDVI texture indices), landscape pattern variables (patch area and connectivity), and human disturbance variables (erosion, distances to settlements and roads), based on a Landsat 5 TM image, a local land cover map, and topography (slope and altitude) from a Digital Elevation Model. Bird communities in Polylepis forests included approximately twice as many species and double the abundance than those in shrublands. Species composition strongly differed between the two growth forms as well, birds that use the ground vegetation to nest and forage were less abundant in shrubland patches, air foragers were also less abundant in shrubland patches. Soil erosion, proximity to human settlements and forest isolation were the best predictors of bird richness and abundance in Polylepis vegetation patches. Abundance of birds that use the ground for nesting and foraging were negatively related to soil erosion. We concluded that Polylepis avifauna communities are primarily influenced by human impact on soils rather than by vegetation structural characteristics. Polylepis vegetation restoration and reduction of livestock grazing would likely reduce soil erosion rates, promote natural regeneration, increase patch connectivity and enhance microhabitat conditions for avifauna in high-altitude Polylepis forests and shrublands.

Policy makers are increasingly recognising the role of environmental valuation to guide and support the management and conservation of biodiversity. This paper presents a goods and services approach to determine the economic value of marine biodiversity in the UK, with the aim of clarifying the role of valuation in the management of marine biodiversity. The goods and services resulting from UK marine biodiversity are detailed, and 8 of the 13 services are valued in monetary terms. It is found that a decline in UK marine biodiversity could result in a varying, and at present unpredictable, change in the provision of goods and services, including reduced resilience and resistance to change, declining marine environmental health, reduced fisheries potential, and loss of recreational opportunities. The results suggest that this approach can facilitate biodiversity management by enabling the optimal allocation of limited management resources and through raising awareness of the importance of marine biodiversity.

The Picos de Europa are a range of predominantly Carboniferous Limestone and Sandstone mountains mainly in the Cantabrian region of northern Spain. The highest peaks are precipitous and reach 2600 m. There are complex gradients between Lusitanian, Alpine and Mediterranean environmental zones, as well as variable soil types. In combination with the long history of traditional agricultural management, a wide range of diverse habitats and species is present. The herb-rich hay meadows have long been recognised as having a high nature conservation value but, as elsewhere in European mountains, such grasslands are threatened by changing agricultural practices. Accordingly, in 1993, 92 quadrats were recorded using a restricted list of indicator species from stratified random samples. The authors repeated the sample in 2009. Changed land use had only occurred in approximately 3% of meadows, however, farmyard manure was no longer used, probably because of shortage of labour. Statistical analysis of the vegetation data showed a range of significant changes consistent with the increased use of slurry, as well as re-seeding of some fields. The grass swards had not only become denser, with fewer species present, but there was also a loss of sensitive indicators especially of calcareous conditions and open vegetation. By contrast, competitors had increased and the vegetation had become simpler, with the balance of vegetation types shifting to more nutrient rich conditions. These changes have mainly occurred in the more fertile meadows used for silage. The core of about 35% of herb-rich meadows, mainly cut for hay, has remained relatively stable but the results show that they are at risk if the current trend continues. If management practices that form the core of traditional agriculture are not maintained, one of the most important resources of herb-rich meadows in Europe will be lost.

The Orthodontiaceae is a small family of predominantly Southern Hemisphere temperate and South East Asian mosses that has a key phylogenetic position for research into the evolution of pleurocarpy. In the United Kingdom it is represented by the rare conservation priority species Orthodontium gracile and the abundant exotic O. lineare, introduced from the Southern Hemisphere around a century ago. Although the two species are superficially very similar and difficult to tell apart in the field, very little is known about how closely they are related or about the phylogeny, biogeography and evolutionary history of the genus Orthodontium as a whole. Phylogenetic inference and divergence time estimation were used to explore relationships within the genus globally, date major lineage splits, detect reticulate evolutionary processes and test monophyly of taxa. It was shown that Orthodontium gracile belongs to a Holarctic and Asian clade that diverged from the exclusively southern temperate lineage of O. lineare approximately 53 Ma and that it is sister to the Himalayan and South Siberian bispecific genus Orthodontopsis, which we now recognise as a single species within Orthodontium, O. lignicola. Orthodontium lignicola is quite distinct from O. gracile morphologically but may have a closely overlapping centre of extant diversity in the Himalaya, in contrast to O. lineare which is morphologically similar but biogeographically dissimilar. The introduced European populations of Orthodontium lineare were shown to share plastid and nuclear haplotypes with four collections from Tasmania and Southern Chile, but to be distinct from other Chilean and South African haplotypes. Finally, well-supported incongruence between nuclear and plastid sequences in some Western North American populations of Orthodontium gracile strongly implies one or more chloroplast capture or horizontal genome transfer events involving this species and the regionally sympatric O. pellucens. An appeal is made for targeting phylogenetic research at the intersection points of practical conservation, taxonomic uncertainty and wider biological questions and for the factoring of historical evolutionary and phylogenetic diversity into conservation assessments.

The forests of the Southwest Indian Ocean (SWIO) islands States are large carbon sinks. Rapid population growth in these islands is responsible for deforestation, which in turn is the main source of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. This study is divided into two parts: The present study (Part 1) describes the seasonal vertical and surface spatial distribution of CO2 over the SWIO islands and the temporal variation of surface CO2 concentrations using data measured by the Tropospheric Emission Spectrometer (TES) on board the Aura Satellite. The CO2 hotspots over these islands were identified and assessed to determine if they were associated with deforestation and forest degradation anthropogenic activities. Areas of minimum or low CO2 atmospheric loading were also identified, and investigated to determine if they coincided with strong sink areas. Atmospheric CO2 concentration was building-up from summer to spring. The spatial extent of CO2 hotspots was found to increase from summer to spring. Over the study region, semi-permanent stable layers at 700 hPa and 500 hPa were shown to separate the troposphere into three layers of CO2. Furthermore, surface CO2 levels over all the study areas were found to be increasing during the period of the investigation. Part 2 of this study demonstrates the influence of meteorology and associated air transport on atmospheric CO2 distribution over the study region.

r SummaryAtmospheric deposition of nitrogen (N) can cause ecosystems to become eutrophied, because in many natural and semi-natural ecosystems nitrogen compounds limit plant growth. Many typical plant species of these habitats are adapted to nutrient-poor conditions and are only able to survive on soils with low N contents. N is the only nutrient whose cycle through the ecosystem is almost entirely regulated by biological and microbiological processes. It is therefore important to understand the effects of atmospheric deposition on these ecosystem processes, because they can bring about important changes in these systems. An excess of N has various effects on biological systems: (1) direct toxicity of gases and aerosols on individual species; (2) changes in the soil, which influence the vegetation; and (3) enhanced susceptibility to secondary stress factors. The chapter provides an overview of recent information on the ecological effects of N and sulphur (S) deposition on non-forest ecosystems of great ecological value in Western Europe. The natural or seminatural ecosystems are discussed: (1) terrestrial systems—heathland, nutrient-poor acidic grassland, dunes and chalk grasslands; and (2) aquatic systems—weakly buffered surface waters, sprengebeken, and springs.

The European Union's (EU) network of nature conservation areas – Natura 2000 – covers almost 18% of EU territory, and is subject to strict legal protection, which is enforced by the European Commission, a supranational authority. Given the Natura 2000 network's size, conflicts between Natura 2000 and renewable energy projects are inevitable, particularly as countries push to meet their 2020 energy and emissions reduction targets by pursuing more – and larger – renewable energy projects. Focusing on two cases in the renewable energy sector – a hydroelectric dam in Portugal's Sabor valley, and a large tidal barrage in the UK's Severn estuary – this article shows that the EU's strict biodiversity protection regime could necessitate the rejection of many large renewable energy projects. That is, it may not be possible as a matter of EU law for national authorities to grant permission for such projects. The potential for such difficulties will be shown to be highly visible to policymakers, and could, this article argues, trigger negative impacts in terms of the rule of law, and negative feedbacks on nature conservation policies in the EU and, by way of precedent, globally. The legal issues presented here should not, this article argues, be regarded as insurmountable problems, nor as a trigger for reforms aimed at weakening biodiversity protections. Rather, these issues are better regarded as an opportunity for an open, informed, global debate regarding the relationship between biodiversity and climate change policies, and the hierarchy, if any, between them.

The Amazonia is the largest tropical forest in the world, with approximately 5 million km2 occupying about 49.3% of Brazil in the North and Central-West regions and bordering the Cerrado sensu lato (Brazilian savannah). The border area between these two biomes is called the Cerrado-Amazonia transition that extends approximately 6240 km. Currently, these limits, as well as other areas of ecotonal stress, are not clearly defined mainly due to intense Land Use and Land Cover Change (LULCC). Remote sensing is a tool that tries to define and update these limits. In this context, the objective of this study was to use remote sensing tools to determine the transition between the two large Brazilian biomes. The study area comprised the transition between the Cerrado-Amazonia biomes in Brazil and an area composed of a buffer of 300 km was created around the official line of the abovementioned biomes. We used data from some remote sensors to calculate the composition of the previous year's pixel means for the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) (-1˜1), CO2Flux (μmol m−2 s-1), evaporative efficiency (mm yr-1), and Gross Primary Production (GPP) (g C m−2 d−1) variables. The statistical analyses were performed by softening the pixels of all the variables by means of the Kernel density (KD). Later, the analysis of the main components and the cluster between the biomes and the remote sensing variables were applied. Therefore, we sought to standardize the results and to find an overall mean between the standards to delimit a new area of the Amazonia and Cerrado biomes, called the Transition Area between Biomes (TAB). The variables analyzed by remote sensing were effective for identifying the Amazonia and Cerrado biomes characteristics that highlighted the evaporative efficiency variable in relation to other variables in both biomes. Thus, from the results achieved, a new boundary was determined that delimits the transition of the biomes that is different than the official government boundary. The analyses used in this study constitute important tools to foment the creation of public policies able to curb the anthropic actions on these biomes.

Rodents are distributed worldwide, playing important ecological roles regarding preservation of forest areas. Thus, the study of their reproductive biology is a key for conservation initiatives that prevent extinction and/or improve species management. The present study aimed to describe the spermatogenic dynamics of the spiny rat Kannabateomys amblyonyx, an endemic species from Atlantic Rainforest areas, in Brazil. The average body weight was 418.43 g with a gonadosomatic index of 0.41%. The testicular parenchyma organization followed the pattern described for other rodent species, with a large amount of seminiferous tubules occupying 93.57% of the organ, in a total of 26.04 m per testicle. Stage I of the seminiferous tubule cycle was the most frequent in K. amblyonyx, while stage IV the most scarce. Each tubular section in stage I showed 0.47 type-A spermatogonia, 11.78 primary spermatocytes in pre-leptotene, 3.81 in zygotene and 14.31 in pachytene, whereas 32.19 cells were round spermatids and 6.23 were Sertoli cells. From these results it was possible to determine the sperm reserve of 274.49 × 106 cells per gram of testis. The mitotic and meiotic indexes were 25.06 and 2.25 cells, respectively, whereas the spermatogenic yield was 69.73 cells. Those findings are significant since this is the first study regarding the reproductive aspects of the only Echimyidae species in Brazil, which shows a monogamous mating system.

Decision makers are frequently involved in projects requiring ecological risk definition, which are inherent to biological conservation process. It is important to recognize these risks in order to invest wisely in the management and protection of biological resources. In this matter, Geographic Information System tools and remote sensing data have been used frequently as important components in planning and management of conservation units, Rabus et al. (2003), Valeriano et al. (2009) and Valeriano et al. (2010) stressed the advantages of using data that were gathered during the Shuttle Radar Topographic Mission (SRTM) for biological and geomorphologic purposes. For Brazil's national territory, the SRTM data were refined (Valeriano, 2008) and offered as free access on the TOPODATA Project website (http://www.dsr.inpe.br/topodata) where geomorphometric information (including elevation data) at a resolution of 30 m are provided. The aim of this paper is to demonstrate an example of how TOPODATA products have been applied in order to determine the ecological risk of the border of a Conservation Unit, located in the State of São Paulo—Brazil, in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, using automated drainage network and watershed extraction. A comparison between SRTM, TOPODATA, and ASTER DEM was carried out, showing an advantage of TOPODATA drainage network product. The vectors generated using this data are more similar to the official drainage network vectors than the drainage network extracted using ASTER-DEM or SRTM. The network product generated using ASTER-DEM produced many commission errors and the one generated using SRTM produced a poor network, with generalized vectors, less detailed than the others. The results showed that using the TOPODATA Project‘s Digital Elevation Model (DEM) can provide important data for ecological analysis and significant additional information for decision making, regarding drainage networks and watershed features. The produced map for border ecological risk showed to fit perfectly to the field work analyses, produced in other works. Furthermore, the extracted watershed polygons might furnish important information unrevealing best conservation unit boundaries, which means more efficient management and best biological conservation results.

Indicator species can provide invaluable insights into environmental conditions but robust empirical testing of their effectiveness is essential. Ancient woodland indicators (AWIs) are plant species considered indicative of sites that have been continuously wooded for a long period by virtue of poor dispersal ability and intolerance of non-woodland habitats. Many countries now utilise AWI species lists to classify ancient woodlands. Here we use a metastudy approach to test resilience of AWIs to interruptions and persistence following deforestation − and thus the robustness of using AWI lists − using a novel approach. We compare current AWI assemblage with woodland history based on pollen evidence at nine sites across the UK with a robustly-dated and spatially-precise palynological profile. Sites were split into: (1) proven continuous woodland; (2) previously interrupted woodland; and (3) previously but not currently wooded. Vegetation history was >1000 years at most sites. Assessment of ancientness using AWIs agreed with palynologically-proven ancient woodland at two sites, including a species-poor woodland of previously-uncertain age. However, four interrupted woodland sites and three clear-felled sites supported extensive AWI floristic communities. This suggests AWIs are resilient to interruptions, possibly by remaining in the seed bank longer than expected, and persistent following deforestation. Persistence might be due to other species (e.g. heathland plants) acting as pseudo-canopy or because some AWIs are more tolerant of non-woodland locations than previously thought. We conclude that use of floristic AWIs alone in defining ancient woodland should be reviewed, especially where status links to planning policy and conservation prioritisation. We suggest species on AWI lists be reviewed under expert and local guidance and a system of weighting species based on their strict or strong affinity solely with ancient woodland be developed. The use of multi-taxa indicators is recommended to allow stakeholders globally to make informed decisions about ancient woodland status.

Although over 40 years of satellite imagery has greatly helped in documenting the location and extent of human impact, especially deforestation, our ability to confidently detect current patterns of land change at broad spatial scales needs improvement. To address this challenge, we have developed a cost-effective mapping procedure based on 250-m MODIS imagery that produces annual land-use/land-cover (LULC) maps for Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC). This procedure uses annual spectral statistics, collection of references samples with a Web-based tool, and tree-based Random Forests classifiers stratified by biome map regions to produce wall-to-wall, annual LULC maps for 2001 to 2010 that cover all of LAC. Across 26 map regions, overall pixel-level accuracy averaged 80.2 ± 8.1% for eight basic LULC classes, and 84.6 ± 6.5% for a five-class scheme. Municipality-scale area change between 2001 and 2010 in the three dominant classes (woody vegetation, mixed woody/plantation, and agriculture/herbaceous vegetation) was then estimated using regression models fit to 10 years of data, thus minimizing the impact of inter-annual class variation on change statistics. Closed-canopy forest area and change between 2001 and 2009 were well correlated with high-resolution maps of the Brazilian Legal Amazon (PRODES project). Our LAC-wide analysis of significant change revealed the recent extent and magnitude of deforestation hotspots, such as in the Amazon moist forests and the dry forests of Argentina, Paraguay and Bolivia. Our data also revealed biome-specific clusters of municipalities with increasing woody vegetation due to forest recovery, reforestation, or woody encroachment. Taken as a whole, our MODIS-based mapping and trend modeling methodology can provide reliable land change data, not just for the tropics or for forest cover, but for all biomes and municipalities in LAC and including multiple LULC classes. Because this information can be produced quickly on an annual time scale, with internally-consistent data sources, it is a very useful tool for resource managers, policy makers, scientists and conservationists interested in tracking recent land change across broad-scale, political and environmental gradients.

We coupled a spatially-explicit land use/land cover (LULC) change model, Dinamica EGO, (Environment for Geoprocessing Objects), with the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Model (CBWM) to project the impact of future LULC change on loading of total nitrogen (TN), total phosphorous (TP) and total suspended solids (TSS) as well as runoff volume in the watersheds surrounding Virginia's Shenandoah National Park in the eastern United States. We allowed for the dynamic transition of four LULC classes, Developed, Forest, Grasses (including both pasture and hayfields) and Crops. Using 2011 as a baseline scenario and observed differences in LULC between 2001 and 2011, we estimated the temporal and spatial patterns of LULC change as influenced by physiographic and socio-economic drivers 50 years in the future (2061). Between transitions of the four LULC classes, the greatest absolute change occurred between the gain in total Developed land and loss in total Forest. New Developed land was driven primarily by distance to existing Developed land and population density. Major findings on the effect of LULC change on watershed model outputs were that: the impact of LULC change on pollutant loading and runoff volume is more pronounced at finer spatial scales; increases in the area of Grasses produced the greatest increase in TP loading, while loss of Forest increased TN, TSS, and runoff volume the most; and land-river segments with a greater proportion of Developed or a smaller proportion of Forest in the 2011 scenario experienced a greater change in runoff than other land-river segments. Results of this study illustrate the potential impact of projected LULC change on nutrient and sediment loads which can adversely impact water quality. Studies like this contribute to a broader understanding of how ecosystem services such as fresh water respond to LULC change, information relevant to those in planning and watershed management.

The consumption of animal-sourced food products by humans is one of the most powerful negative forces affecting the conservation of terrestrial ecosystems and biological diversity. Livestock production is the single largest driver of habitat loss, and both livestock and feedstock production are increasing in developing tropical countries where the majority of biological diversity resides. Bushmeat consumption in Africa and southeastern Asia, as well as the high growth-rate of per capita livestock consumption in China are of special concern. The projected land base required by 2050 to support livestock production in several megadiverse countries exceeds 30–50% of their current agricultural areas. Livestock production is also a leading cause of climate change, soil loss, water and nutrient pollution, and decreases of apex predators and wild herbivores, compounding pressures on ecosystems and biodiversity. It is possible to greatly reduce the impacts of animal product consumption by humans on natural ecosystems and biodiversity while meeting nutritional needs of people, including the projected 2–3 billion people to be added to human population. We suggest that impacts can be remediated through several solutions: (1) reducing demand for animal-based food products and increasing proportions of plant-based foods in diets, the latter ideally to a global average of 90% of food consumed; (2) replacing ecologically-inefficient ruminants (e.g. cattle, goats, sheep) and bushmeat with monogastrics (e.g. poultry, pigs), integrated aquaculture, and other more-efficient protein sources; and (3) reintegrating livestock production away from single-product, intensive, fossil-fuel based systems into diverse, coupled systems designed more closely around the structure and functions of ecosystems that conserve energy and nutrients. Such efforts would also impart positive impacts on human health through reduction of diseases of nutritional extravagance.

While glaciations constituted the major recent paleoclimatic event, inducing multiple oscillations on species’ ranges, future and rapid shifts are expected if global warming predictions are confirmed. Investigating the whole temporal spectrum of range shifts is of conservation importance since species suffering contractions during the interglacial periods may continue contracting in a warming scenario; lizards provide excellent models for such analysis. We investigated the historical biogeography of Podarcis carbonelli, a lacertid lizard endemic to the Western Iberian Peninsula with a fragmented distribution, likely resulting from an important reduction during the Pleistocene and Holocene. We modelled with Maxent its current distribution and projected it to past (Last Interglacial—LIG and Last Glacial Maximum—LGM) and future (2020, 2050 and 2080) scenarios. The consensus models predicted a larger suitable area than the currently occupied, in areas with a high humidity and low maximum temperatures. The LIG model indicated a reduced range restricted to the northern Portuguese coast, and the LGM model, a suitable area larger than the current. After the LGM, areas with suitable climate started regression till present, which is predicted to continue in future, with a northward range shift and a loss of suitable climate from inland zones towards the coast. The range of P. carbonelli may have been oscillating from the northern Portuguese coast to the south and to inland during the Pleistocene. The Portuguese West Atlantic coast, harbouring a substantial part of the species’ genetic diversity, with suitable climate during the LIG and LGM and forecasted to remain in the future, is not currently protected but deserves conservation priority.

The Late Holocene vegetation history and climate from southern (SE) Brazil have been reconstructed by means of a pollen analysis of a 223 cm-long core from the central part of Jurujuba Sound (22°55256S and 43°06346W). The analysis showed that before 3520 yr BP (subzone Ia), tropical rainforest occupied extensive parts of the region. However, from 3520 yr BP onwards, the forest reduced in size and there was a slight increase in pollen from hygrophyte plants, fern spores and algae. The higher sea level during this period favoured the expansion of these plants, as well as Botryococcus, in the flooded areas around the Sound. There was a reduction in palynomorph concentrations at about 2820 yr BP (subzone Ib). This can probably be related to a regressive event of the relative sea level and the reduction of atmospheric precipitation during this period. This event favoured an increase in grassland formations, and pioneer forest elements seemed to settle in the open areas. The intensive human occupation in the region around Jurujuba Sound was clearly evident in the pollen record next to the core top (at zone II). The low percentage of tree pollen grains showed that the Atlantic rainforest was significantly reduced in size, while there was an expressive increase in the herbaceous pollen that is associated with the appearance of exotic taxa.

Arboreal lichens have a wide range of tolerance to habitat disturbance. As a result, they have been used globally as bioindicators of environmental change, particularly for monitoring atmospheric pollution. Here, we use lichens to monitor air quality and ecological integrity (EI) at Kejimkujik National Park and National Historic Site in Nova Scotia, Canada. We provide descriptions of two protocols and compare the results using data gathered in 2006, 2011, and 2016. To monitor air quality, we established 12 monitoring sites throughout the park and used a suite of lichens that are intolerant to air pollution to develop an index of air purity (IAP) that we compared every 5 years. Our protocol for monitoring EI of forest ecosystems was set up at these same 12 sites. We selected 50 regionally common field-identifiable lichen species and genera ranging in sensitivity from disturbance-tolerant to intolerant, and compare their presence in spatially constrained zones on a variety of tree species every 5 years. Our results suggest that air quality in Kejimkujik has increased slightly in the 10 years since monitoring was implemented, which is consistent with improvements in local air quality. Species richness also increased slightly, suggesting that EI has not declined. The maintenance of EI, through protection and restoration of natural resources, is a key priority in the management of national parks in Canada. Our protocols will provide early detection of changes to EI, enabling park managers to take responsive action. We are confident that our protocols can be replicated in other parts of the world with different suites of regionally common lichens.

Using spatial prioritization, we identify priority areas for the expansion of the global protected area network. We identify a set of unprotected key biodiversity areas (KBAs) that would efficiently complement the current protected area network in terms of coverage of ranges of terrestrial vertebrates. We show that protecting a small fraction (0.36%) of terrestrial area within KBAs could increase conservation coverage of ranges of threatened vertebrates by on average 14.7 percentage points. We also identify areas outside both the protected area and KBA networks that would further complement the priority KBAs. These areas are likely to hold populations of species that are poorly protected or covered by KBAs, and where on-the-ground surveys might confirm suitability for KBA designation or protection.

Determining and predicting species' responses to climate change is a fundamental goal of contemporary ecology. When interpreting responses to warming species are often treated as a single physiological unit with a single species-wide thermal niche. This assumes that trailing edge populations are most vulnerable to warming, as it is here where a species' thermal niche will be exceeded first. Local adaptation can, however, result in narrower thermal tolerance limits for local populations, so that similar relative increases in temperature can exceed local niches throughout a species range. We used a combination of common garden temperature heat-shock experiments (8–32 °C) and population genetics (microsatellites) to identify thermal ecotypes of northeast Atlantic range centre and trailing edge populations of the habitat-forming kelp, Laminaria digitata. Using upregulation of hsp70 as an indicator of thermal stress, we found that trailing edge populations were better equipped to tolerate acute temperature shocks. This pattern was consistent across seasons, indicating that between-population variability is fixed. High genetic structuring was also observed, with range centre and trailing edge populations representing highly distinct clusters with little gene flow between regions. Taken together, this suggests the presence of distinct thermal ecotypes for L. digitata, which may mean responses to future warming are more complex than linear range contractions.

Sustaining or restoring riparian quality is essential to achieve and maintain good stream health, as well as to guarantee the ecological functions that natural riparian areas provide. Therefore, quantifying riparian quality is a fundamental step to identify river reaches for conservation and/or restoration purposes. Most of the existing methods assessing riparian quality concentrate on field surveys of a few hundreds of metres, which become very laborious when trying to evaluate whole catchments or long river corridors. Riparian quality assessment obtains higher scores when riparian vegetation consists of forested areas, while land-uses lacking woody vegetation typically represent physical and functional discontinuities along river corridors that undermine riparian quality. Thus, this study aimed to analyse the ability of riparian land-cover data for modelling riparian quality over large areas. Multiple linear regression and Random Forest techniques were performed using land-use datasets at three different spatial scales: 1:5000 (Cantabrian Riparian Cover map), 1:25,000 (Spanish Land Cover Information System) and 1:100,000 (Corine Land Cover). Riparian quality field data was obtained using the Riparian Quality Index. Hydromorphological pressures affecting riparian vegetation were also included in the analysis to determine their relative weight in controlling riparian quality. Linear regression showed better predictive ability than Random Forest, although this may be due to our relatively small dataset (approx. 150 cases). Forest coverage highly determined riparian quality, while hydromorphological pressures and land-use coverage related to human activities played a smaller role in the models. While acceptable results were obtained when using high-resolution datasets, the use of Corine Land Cover led to a poor predictive ability.

Indigenous communities, particularly in Latin America, are increasingly winning recognition of rights to lands and forests that they have managed or used historically under customary institutions. If property refers to ‘the rules of the game’, this article uses the constitution of indigenous communal territories in Nicaragua to examine the process of ‘making the rules’. Specifically, the recognition of rights by central governments leads to political contestations over both territory and authority as communities and indigenous political leaders vie for different configurations of both lands and new territorial authorities. That is, the process of constituting large collective territories is intimately related to the constitution of authority, as it involves not only the negotiation of physical boundaries but also the recognition of an existing authority structure – or the creation of a new entity – to represent the beneficiaries. In Nicaragua's North Atlantic Autonomous Region, then, the decision over ‘which configuration of territory’ is ultimately a political negotiation over which ‘authority’ will have the right to control and enforce access to which rights and benefits from land and natural resources.

Mangrove forests are productive ecosystems but are vulnerable to tropical cyclones. In this study, we quantified the damage of mangroves from Hurricane Irma at a large-scale using Landsat data, and modeled the risk of mangroves to hurricanes using three internal/physical metrics (a vegetation index, canopy height, and distance to open ocean) and two external/hurricane-related metrics (hurricane track and storm surge inundation). Four machine learning techniques including Artificial Neural Network (ANN), Support Vector Machine (SVM), Random Forest (RF), and k-Nearest Neighbor (k-NN) were examined and compared with the Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) method to identify the best risk model for damage projection from future hurricanes. The models were calibrated and validated using data before and after Hurricane Irma. Machine learning algorithms had a better performance than the linear model, and RF achieved the best result with a correlation coefficient (r) of 0.84 in predicting mangrove damages. The model also produced an encouraging result to hindcast mangrove damages from Hurricane Wilma. We applied object-based modeling and mapping techniques and produced mangrove damage maps from Irma and a worst-case scenario hurricane with an intensity of Category 5 and a track along the mangrove distribution. A total of 332 km2 of mangroves were severely damaged from Irma, and 635 km2 would be devastated from the modeled scenario. The techniques developed here can be used for other mangrove forests exposed to tropical cyclones.

Highway construction facilitates urban growth in Taiwan. However, the long-term effects of transportation infrastructure are not well understood; these include land-use changes, changes in landscape patterns, and the alteration of ecosystem services. To assess the effects of different land-use scenarios under various agricultural and environmental conservation policy regimes, this study applies an integrated approach to analyze the effects of Highway 6 construction on Puli Township. Interviews with neighborhood leaders of Puli Township, along with remote sensing analysis, reveal that both biophysical and socioeconomic factors are the major forces driving land-use change. The effects of these land-use changes are varied. An example is the road-effect zone, which for Puli Township extends 400 m perpendicular to the length of the highway; however, due to differing spatial patterns it is highly asymmetric; indirect effects include the spatial restructuring of certain landscapes, which can drastically influence habitat dynamics. Land-use simulation results indicate that agricultural and environmental conservation policies have significant effects on projected land-use patterns in the southern part of Puli's downtown area and in areas along major roads. Specifically, highway construction and subsequent urbanization under various land-use policies result in varying degrees of isolation and fragmentation in the overall landscape pattern. A habitat quality assessment using the InVEST model indicates that the conservation of agricultural and forested lands improves habitat quality and preserves rare habitats. In summary, appropriate environmental policies will mediate both the direct and indirect impacts of Highway 6 on landscape patterns and ecosystem services in Puli Township.

Point surveys were used to estimate the abundance and diversity of forest birds in relation to the size, degree of isolation, floristics, physiognomy, and successional maturity of 270 upland forest patches in the coastal plain province of Maryland. Physiognomic and floristic characteristics of the tree, shrub, and herb layers of the forest were measured at each site.The local abundance of almost every bird species breeding in the interior of upland forests was found to be significantly influenced by forest area, isolation, structure, of floristics, or combinations of these factors. Highly migratory species tended to be most abundant in extensive stands of mature, floristically diverse forests that were only slightly isolated from sources of potential colonists. Densities of permanent residents and short-distance migrants tended to be less affected by these site characteristics, or showed responses opposite in sign to those of long-distance migrants.The impacts of forest fragmentation on bird populations are complex and species-specific. Many bird species respond strongly to factors other than, or in addition to, forest patch area and isolation. Dissection of the landscape into small highly isolated patches of forest adversely affects some bird species, but structural and floristic characteristics of the forest are more important than patch size and isolation for many species, given the existing distribution of forest patches in the coastal plain of Maryland.

Population growth and human development result in biodiversity loss and biological homogenization not only in developed countries, but increasingly in the less developed countries as well. In those countries, where urbanization and agricultural intensification occur at a faster rate than in developed countries, habitat degradation appears to be the leading cause of wildlife loss. During the breeding seasons of 2002–2005 we conducted road surveys across five biomes of Argentina to detect variations in raptor community attributes as potential indicators of broad scale habitat degradation. Abundance of individuals, richness and diversity of species were calculated to assess the effects of habitat transformation and patch size on these community attributes. Raptor communities strongly varied in relation to habitat transformations, with lower abundance of individuals, richness and diversity of species in more transformed landscapes. Small patches of natural vegetation and locations in which natural and cultivated lands where interspersed showed lower richness and diversity of raptors than large patches. Fragmentation was the main cause of reductions in abundance of individuals. Although the relative contribution of our two estimates of habitat degradation to abundance, richness and diversity of raptors varied among biomes, these community attributes proved useful as predictors of habitat degradation. This was especially true in habitats where raptor communities are more complex although overall patterns remained constant across biomes, from forests to deserts. Taking into account current trends of habitat transformation (drastic increments in monocultures, urban areas, and habitat patchiness), the conservation of raptor communities in these biomes could be seriously compromised. In terms of species-specific responses of raptors to habitat degradation, a rapid process of homogenization can be expected, resulting in only a few winner species within a general scenario of losers.

Information on plant-food resources is crucial for assisting the conservation of the Azores bullfinch Pyrrhula murina. This bird is confined to part of the native cloud forest in eastern S. Miguel (Azores), which is currently facing considerable changes.The diet is described and the time of food scarcity identified. Floristic variation in areas with and without birds is examined. The diet presents marked seasonal variations, from invertebrates and herbaceous and fleshy-fruit seeds in summer and autumn to fern sporangia, tree seeds, fern fronds and flower buds in winter and spring. The bird needs a mosaic of vegetation types, and seems heavily dependent on flower buds of Ilex perado at a time of food scarcity. Areas without birds have significantly lower densities of the food plants that are consumed during this period. Large-scale invasions of exotic species are threatening some of the forest mosaics. The implications for understanding the distribution and abundance of the Azores bullfinch are discussed and conservation measures proposed.

The years 2011–2020 represent the United Nations Decade of Biodiversity, aiming to inspire worldwide actions to support biodiversity conservation. This Special Issue illustrates the current knowledge of plant life in campo rupestre, a megadiverse, highly-endemic vegetation complex, and one under alarming and unprecedented threats. The major research areas grouping the 27 contributions to the Special Issue are: i) plant diversity, ii) species coexistence, regeneration niche and climate change, iii) ecology of species interactions, iv) plant life on canga, and v) fire, regeneration ecology, and conservation. We highlight knowledge gaps in plant life in campo rupestre and suggest priority avenues of future research and steps forward to understand and preserve ancient ecosystems worldwide. Such efforts include the need to: 1) better assess the ecology of herbaceous species, 2) understand the effects of global change drivers on the vulnerability of endemic species, 3) understand how plant functional diversity and plant–animal interactions shape community structure and function, 4) apply new technologies (cameras, drones and remote sensing proxies) to understand plant phenology in space and time, 5) unravel diversification patterns and distinguish paleoendemism from neoendemism, 6) to disentangle the ecological and evolutionary role of fire, 7) gain insight into the factors that limit ecological restoration in degraded campo rupestre, 8) increase awareness and value of ecosystem services, 9) identify essential variables, key measures and areas to conserve campo rupestre, 10) promote reviews and research comparing old ecosystems. Therefore, burgeoning literature on campo rupestre will benefit from long-term multi- and trans-disciplinary research investigating a wide array of topics, from plant ecology to ecosystem functioning to biodiversity conservation and ecological restoration. All knowledge must reach stakeholders, and it should be translated into an ecosystem services assessment for guiding the rational stewardship of campo rupestre and for benefiting local people. A key step forward in the understanding of plant life in campo rupestre is the OCBIL Theory (old, climatically-buffered, infertile landscapes), which provides a theoretical framework of testable hypotheses and cross-continental comparisons. We anticipate this Special Issue will foster collaborative research leading to a deeper understanding and appreciation of one of the world’s most ancient ecosystems.

Fire is currently perceived as a major threat to ecosystems and biodiversity in the mountains of the Mediterranean region. Portugal's highest mountain range, the Serra da Estrela, is one of the country's most important protected areas and also the most fire-prone. We present a ∼14,000-year fire history based on microscopic charred particles in an infilled glacial lake to better understand the antiquity of biomass burning and its effects on Mediterranean vegetation at the Atlantic margin. Results indicate the continuous occurrence of fire in the Serra da Estrela over the period of the record. Two periods of increased fire activity – around 12,000–11,000 calendar years before the present (cal. a BP) and 3500–2500 cal. a BP – were accompanied by major vegetation changes and followed by long periods of vegetation stabilisation. Cross-correlation analyses reveal that post-fire succession consistently began with herbaceous vegetation, followed by forest and shrubland stages. Past successional trends were often markedly different to those observed at present. Holocene climatic changes, including shifts in the North Atlantic Oscillation, played a pivotal role in the vegetation development and fire history of the Serra da Estrela. In the late Holocene, human use of fire became a major agent of vegetation change, accelerating the Holocene decline of forests.

Commercial fishing has repeatedly been identified as a major causal factor for global declines in fish stocks. Recently, recreational fisheries have also been considered as having the potential to contribute to fisheries declines. Here, we take a global focus, contrasting the characteristics of commercial and recreational fisheries relevant to conservation and sustainability of exploited fishes in both marine and freshwater environments. We provide evidence to support our assertion that the same issues that have led to global fisheries concerns regarding commercial fishing can have equivalent, and in some cases, magnified effects in recreational fisheries. Contrasts revealed that the issues of bycatch and catch-and-release, fisheries-induced selection, trophic changes, habitat degradation, gear technology, fishing effort, and production regimes are remarkably similar among fishery sectors. In recognition of this conclusion, we present a new vision for recreational fishing that positions it on the same scale and urgency as commercial fisheries. Efforts to manage and conserve fisheries must recognise that issues and threats are similar in these fundamentally and philosophically different fisheries, as may be the solutions. Failure to recognise the similarities will further polarise these sectors and retard efforts to conserve aquatic resources. Fishing activity of any kind, whether commercial or recreational, has the potential to affect negatively fish and fisheries, as well as aquatic environments.

The objective of this study was to evaluate water production within a national park in order to characterize quantity and quality when associated with preserved landscapes in rainforests. After acquiring the necessary quali-quantitative information, a second objective was defined, aiming to propose a new approach for water valuation in preserved forest areas within a scenario of integrated water resources management. Field campaigns were conducted in subwatersheds within the Serra das Lontras National Park in order to collect hydrological and hydrochemical data. Results showed that the effluent streams presented perennial water production of 4,000 l ha−1 day−1 in the most conservative scenario. Regardless of flow rate regimes, waters were well-oxygenated and presented low salinity and low concentration of total suspended solids. These results prove the effectiveness of a montane rainforest in providing protection to water bodies and in delivering important ecosystem services. Thus, we propose the inclusion payments policies for watershed services (PWS) by water resources management from an alternative approach. In conclusion, these policies could be reviewed with the objective of adding water valuation, making programs more robust and attractive to rural producers and other stakeholders. Water catchment and treatment agencies could also be part of this process, including PWS in their revenue budgets, and using their prices to stimulate the ecosystem service market.

Holocene paleoenvironments have been interpreted from a radiocarbon dated pollen and charcoal record of the São Francisco de Paula region on the southern Brazilian highland. Today the region is characterized by pastureland and small patches of disturbed Araucaria forest. The region receives 2450 mm per annum. This is the highest precipitation rate in southern Brazil. Studied surface samples represent the modern pollen analog of the anthropogenic influenced vegetation. Pollen analytical studies of the 84 cm long core, collected from a small basin with clay, organic matter and peat deposits, show that pollen and spores of the lower core section (84 and 46 cm depth) have been almost destroyed. This period between ca. 7500 and 4000 14C yr bp was too dry for conservation of pollen and spores in the basin. Climate must have been markedly drier than today during early and mid Holocene times. After 4000 14C yr bp, preserved pollen grains reflect wetter conditions than before and indicate the predominance of campos (grassland) vegetation with small areas of Araucaria forest in the study region. Forest expansion is documented since 1060 14C yr bp and expansion of Araucaria angustifolia trees itself since 850 14C yr bp. During the last 1000 yr, rainfall must have been much more intensive with no or only short dry periods such as the modern climate. The results confirm the vegetational and climatic changes documented from the Araucaria forest region of Santa Catarina and Paraná State. Concentration and accumulation rates of carbonized particles are somewhat higher during the last 850 14C yr bp than before, indicating an increased fire frequency.

Mangrove ecosystems are an important natural carbon sink that accumulate and store large amounts of organic carbon (Corg), in particular in the sediment. However, the magnitude of carbon stocks and the rate of carbon accumulation (CAR) vary geographically due to a large variation of local factors. In order to better understand the blue carbon sink of mangrove ecosystems, we measured organic carbon stocks, sources and accumulation rates in three Indonesian mangrove ecosystems with different environmental settings and conditions; (i) a degraded estuarine mangrove forest in the Segara Anakan Lagoon (SAL), Central Java, (ii) an undegraded estuarine mangrove forest in Berau region, East Kalimantan, and (iii) a pristine marine mangrove forest on Kongsi Island, Thousand Islands, Jakarta. In general, Corg stocks were higher in estuarine than in marine mangroves, although a large variation was observed among the estuarine mangroves. The mean total Corg stock in Berau (615 ± 181 Mg C ha−1) is twice as high as that in SAL (298 ± 181 Mg C ha−1). However, the Segara Anakan Lagoon displayed large within-system variation with a much higher Corg stock in the eastern (483 ± 124 Mg C ha−1) than in the central lagoon (167 ± 36 Mg C ha−1). The predominant accumulation of autochthonous mangrove organic matter likely contributed to the higher Corg stocks in Berau and the eastern SAL. Interestingly, the CAR distribution pattern in SAL is opposite to that of its Corg stocks. The central SAL that receives high sediment inputs from the hinterland has a much higher CAR than the eastern SAL (658 ± 311 g C m−2 yr−1 and 194 ± 46 g C m−2 yr−1, respectively), while Berau has one of the highest CAR (1722 ± 183 g C m−2 yr−1) ever measured. It appears that these large differences are driven by the environmental setting and conditions, mainly sediment dynamics and hydrodynamics, landform, and vegetation conditions. It is inferred that quantifying carbon accumulation in sediments is a useful tool in estimating the present-day carbon storage of mangrove ecosystems. This is a precondition for taking measures under REDD+ (Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation and the role of conservation, sustainable management of forests and enhancement of forest carbon stocks in developing countries) schemes.

Fine roots play an important role in forest productivity and carbon cycling, however, little is known about their dynamics during stand development or their response to forestry practices. We used the minirhizotron method to measure fine-root production (NPPfr), mortality (Mfr), and year-end standing crop (SCfr) for 5 years at balsam fir (Abies balsamea (L.) Mill.) stands representing a chronosequence after clearcutting that also incorporated thinning of younger and older stands. We used seemingly unrelated regression to maintain mass balance among components of fine-root dynamics in our investigation of relationships with stand development and responses to thinning. The final statistical model explained 58% of the variation in fine-root dynamics, did not use stand age to explain variations in NPPfr, and used stand age to explain variations in Mfr. In the years immediately after clearcutting, SCfr increased rapidly, reaching a maximum in approximately 10 years, and declining slowly thereafter as a stand approached maturity. In the early years as SCfr increased, NPPfr increased and remained approximately constant thereafter. We ascribed the rapid early increase in SCfr to the existence of vigorous advanced growth and high relative fine-root production rates, and the slow decline after reaching a maximum to increasing relative mortality rates. In a pole-stage stand, SCfr recovered approximately 5 years after thinning due to increased relative fine-root production rate and lower mortality rates. In contrast, SCfr did not recover after thinning in a semi-mature stand because relative fine-root production did not increase. Elevated mortality after thinning due to death of root systems of cut trees was observed for several years in thinned stands. The lack of response of fine roots in older thinned stands may limit the response of aboveground components to thinning.

Brazil's environmental legislation obliges private properties to retain a fixed proportion of their total area with native vegetation, the so-called “Legal Reserves”. Those areas represent practically one third of the country's native vegetation and are well known for their role in biodiversity protection and in the provisioning of a wide range of ecosystem services for landowners and society. Despite their relevance, this instrument has been criticized by part of the agribusiness sector and its representatives in the Brazilian Congress. The Legal Reserve requirement is said to be too restrictive and to impede the full expansion of agricultural activities, and thus to be detrimental for the development of the country. Here, we critically analyze the arguments employed in the justification of a recently proposed bill that aims to completely extinguish Legal Reserves. We demonstrate that the arguments used are mostly unsupported by data, evidence or theory, besides being based on illogical reasoning. Further, we synthesize the principal benefits of Legal Reserves, including health and economic benefits, and emphasize the importance of these reserves for water, energy, food, and climate securities, in addition to their primary function of assisting in the maintenance of biodiversity in agricultural landscapes. We also highlight that Legal Reserves are a key-component for effective and less expensive nature-based solutions, and thus should be considered as assets for the development of Brazil rather than liabilities. Based on available sound scientific evidence and agreement on their relevance, we strongly oppose any attempt to extinguish or weaken the maintenance of Brazil's Legal Reserves.

Charcoal analysis was carried out on seven Linearbandkeramik sites in Hesbaye (central Belgium), where a first and a second stage of settlement were highlighted. This provides opportunity to examine the vegetation dynamic during the LBK culture which lasted around 200 years in this region. The natural forest at the arrival of the Neolithic farming communities may have been quite closed, with low species diversity. A few gaps in the forest canopy probably allowed the local development of heliophilous species like Rosaceae as well as shrubs in the undergrowth. The impact of human activities, like house building, setting up fields or foddering, favoured the availability of light and the development of heliophilous post-pioneer taxa like Maloideae which have been particularly exploited for firewood during the second stage of settlement.

Maintenance and restoration of grasslands, heathlands, and shrublands are high priorities for conservation due to their diversity of uncommon species and assemblages and their ongoing decline resulting from invasion by shrubs and trees. Much of the literature and management concerning openlands emphasizes burning to control woody growth, based on the interpretation that these habitats and their species assemblages were widespread during the pre-European period as a consequence of natural disturbance and Native American land use. By focusing on the coastal region of New England–New York, which harbors excellent examples of these habitats, is characterized by many natural disturbances (e.g. hurricanes, fire, salt spray), and supported relatively dense Native American populations, we assess the paleoecological, archaeological, historical, and modern ecological evidence supporting this perspective.We conclude that: (1) pre-European uplands, including coastal areas, were predominantly forested and that openland habitats were uncommon because natural and human disturbance was infrequent and local; (2) extensive openland vegetation developed only with widespread European forest clearance and land use; (3) assemblages occupying grasslands, shrublands, and heathlands apparently have no lengthy history and are comprised of species that combined opportunistically over recent centuries; (4) the decline of grasslands, heathlands, and shrublands is a century-old phenomena related to a decline in agricultural land use, especially grazing, mowing, plowing and burning; (5) effectively all conservation areas supporting these openland assemblages experienced intensive historical land use; and (6) the modern distribution, composition, and structure of these habitats are largely determined by European land use.Recognition that openland assemblages have cultural origins does not diminish the biological, cultural, or aesthetic value of these habitats. However, it does suggest that grasslands, heathlands and shrublands may be best managed using a combination of approaches that replicate the effects of historical land use. Conservationists should recognize that most of these landscapes have cultural origins and are inherently dynamic; that some vegetation structures and communities cannot be maintained continuously on a given site; and that management is most effective when based on historical and ecological studies leading to clearly defined objectives and rigorous long-term measurement and re-evaluation.

Diadema aff. antillarum performs a key role in organizing and structuring rocky macroalgae assemblages in the Canary Islands. Densities of D. aff. antillarum higher than 2 individuals m−2 are found to drastically reduce non-crustose macroalgal cover to below 30% and wave exposure appears as a major factor determining sea urchin density, which decreases with exposure level. Substrates containing >20% sand limit urchin to under 1 individual m−2 but high relief rocky habitats show higher density. Moreover, several anthropogenic factors (number of islanders and tourists per coastal perimeter, and number of operational fishing boats) were positively correlated with urchin abundance. A trend of increasing urchin density through time was found, although well structured marine systems found at Mar de Las Calmas Marine Protected Area and at the no-take area of La Graciosa Marine Protected Area do not seem to follow this general trend.

The introduction of exotic species can increase the risk of extinction of native species through the introduction of new diseases, predation or resource competition. The marmosets Callithrix penicillata and Callithrix jacchus and hybrids of these two species have been introduced to privately owned forests in the lowland Atlantic forest of the Rio de Janeiro State in Brazil, the region of occurrence of the endangered golden lion tamarin, Leontopithecus rosalia. Because the ecology and biology of the marmosets and tamarins is similar, there is a reasonable risk that the marmosets would transmit pathogens such as endo parasites. The objective of this study was to identify the helminth fauna present in the introduced marmosets through an analysis of fecal samples of wild caught animals, and to evaluate the parasitological profile according to age, sex and geographical location. Eggs belonging to the Acanthocephala and Nematoda were found in the feces. One nematode egg type was identified as being Primasubulura jacchi. The ocurrence of nematodes was higher in males, acanthocephala were found in all age groups and sexes and P. jacchi was found with higher frequency in adult females. The geographic distribution analysis revealed that some of the forests had a higher predominance of parasites. Little is known about the pathology of parasites in free living Neotropical mammals, and this knowledge would be necessary to infer about the risk (form a parasitological standpoint) that the marmoset presence represents for the survival of the endangered golden lion tamarin.

The decline of rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus) populations in Mediterranean Spain has been shown to be one of the main threats to rabbit-specialist predators such as the Iberian lynx (Lynx pardina) and the Spanish imperial eagle (Aquila adalberti), two species which are in serious danger of extinction. Consequently, corrective measures such as increasing rabbit populations by restocking have been carried out to help the recovery of predator populations. In order to determine the general applicability of rabbit restocking for predator conservation, we performed three experimental restockings and evaluated their success in relation to season, habitat quality and the number of animals introduced. Rabbits were released either in large or small numbers in all four seasons of the year, and in habitat types defined as `poor' or `rich' according to the food availability for rabbits. For each restocking we evaluated rabbit survival, degree of residency and expected population increase. As a rule, the highest restocking success occurred whenever smaller number of rabbits were released in the richest quality habitat. Restocking during the breeding season was less successful than in other seasons. Problems concerning intraspecific competition, reproductive failure and diseases are discussed.

Based on data from the National Lynx Census, carried out in Poland in 2000–2001, and using Geographic Information System, we analysed nine habitat characteristics in 56 circular sample plots (113 km2 each), where lynx (Lynx lynx) have been recorded, and 118 plots with no signs of their presence. In plots with lynx the forest cover (on average 68%) was two times higher and the forest fragmentation lower than in plots with no lynx records. The plots with and without lynx differed significantly also in the number of villages and towns, length of main motorways and railways. Lynx occurrence was negatively associated to human settlements and transportation infrastructure. Logistic regression analysis showed that sufficient forest cover (>40%) and the short straight-line distance to the eastern or southern border of Poland (as a proxy of the distance to a more contiguous range of lynx in Europe) are the two most important variables explaining lynx distribution. We conclude that, in Poland, increase of forest fragmentation and transportation infrastructure may become important threats to lynx populations.

The historical, political and scientific aspects of salmon hatchery programmes designed to enhance fishery production, or to recover endangered populations, are reviewed. We start by pointing out that the establishment of hatcheries has been a political response to societal demands for harvest and conservation; given this social context, we then critically examined the levels of activity, the biological risks, and the economic analysis associated with salmon hatchery programmes. A rigorous analysis of the impacts of hatchery programmes was hindered by the lack of standardized data on release sizes and survival rates at all ecological scales, and since hatchery programme objectives are rarely defined, it was also difficult to measure their effectiveness at meeting release objectives. Debates on the genetic effects of hatchery programmes on wild fish have been dominated by whether correct management practices can reduce negative outcomes, but we noted that there has been an absence of programmatic research approaches addressing this important issue. Competitive interactions between hatchery and wild fish were observed to be complex, but studies researching approaches to reduce these interactions at all ecological scales during the entire salmon life history have been rare, and thus are not typically considered in hatchery management. Harvesting of salmon released from fishery enhancement hatcheries likely impacts vulnerable wild populations; managers have responded to this problem by mass marking hatchery fish, so that fishing effort can be directed towards hatchery populations. However, we noted that the effectiveness of this approach is dependant on accurate marking and production of hatchery fish with high survival rates, and it is not yet clear whether selective fishing will prevent overharvest of wild populations. Finally, research demonstrating disease transmission from hatchery fish to wild populations was observed to be equivocal; evidence in this area has been constrained by the lack of effective approaches to studying the fate of pathogens in the wild. We then reviewed several approaches to studying the economic consequences of hatchery activities intended to inform the social decisions surrounding programmes, but recognized that placing monetary value on conservation efforts or on hatcheries that mitigate cultural groups’ loss of historical harvest opportunities may complicate these analyses. We noted that economic issues have rarely been included in decision making on hatchery programmes. We end by identifying existing major knowledge gaps, which, if filled, could contribute towards a fuller understanding of the role that hatchery programmes could play in meeting divergent goals. However, we also recognized that many management recommendations arising from such research may involve trade-offs between different risks, and that decisions about these trade-offs must occur within a social context. Hatcheries have played an important role in sustaining some highly endangered populations, and it is possible that reform of practices will lead to an increase in the number of successful programmes. However, a serious appraisal of the role of hatcheries in meeting broader needs is urgently warranted and should take place at the scientific, but more effectively, at the societal level.

The proportions of species in many of the 14 butterfly families and subfamilies found in the tropical forests of mainland Central and South America show relatively invariant or simple relationships with overall butterfly species richness at both local and regional scales. These relationships suggest that it may be possible to use the species total of a single butterfly group (an indicator) to predict the overall species richness of all other butterflies in an area. For practical purposes (ease of sampling, etc.), ithomiine butterflies (Nymphalidae: Ithomiinae) are a logical choice. There is a strong positive correlation between ithomiine species richness and the overall species richness of all other butterflies across all areas, and the proportion of this subfamily is reasonably invariant. It should therefore be possible to use the mean proportion (4·6%) to predict the overall butterfly species richness of an area for which the ithomiine total is known.

Cedrela odorata L., one of the most important neotropical timber species, is threatened by deforestation and unsustainable logging in many parts of its natural range. Information on patterns of genetic variation is useful in informing both reforestation and genetic conservation activities. However, to date, no such information is available in Peru or elsewhere in South America. In the present study, genetic diversity between and within nine Peruvian populations of the species, based on amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) markers, is reported. Overall diversity level was high (Ht = 0.22), as expected for a widespread, long-lived tropical species, and consistent with previous studies carried out in Central America. Levels of intrapopulation diversity were higher than those previously reported for the species (Hs = 0.13–0.21). Analysis of molecular variation revealed genetic differences between two population groups located on different rivers and between populations located on the same rivers. Differences between groups were greater than those within groups. Genetic and geographical distances were significantly correlated. The relatively strong genetic differences between populations may be related to the riparian, essentially one-dimensional spatial distribution pattern of the populations studied. No difference was found in percentage of polymorphic loci between relatively undisturbed and logged populations. The existence of appreciable genetic differentiation over a relatively small part of the species range in the Peruvian Amazon suggests the need for caution in use of seed outside its zone of origin. For genetic conservation purposes, it would probably be prudent to sample (ex situ) or conserve (in situ) populations in each of the major watersheds of the Peruvian Amazon.

The Mamora cork forest (central Morocco), located on sandy soils in the Moroccan coastal plain where the climate is semiarid (annual rainfall, depending on the zone, in the range 400–600 mm) with very dry summers and temperate-warm winters, covers 60 000 ha and is the largest cork forest in the world.The trees in this forest are vital in that they protect and improve the pasture growing beneath them, as well as producing abundant fruit that can be eaten by livestock, and foliage which can serve as emergency feed. This, combined with its special geographic/regional location, makes Mamora an important pasturing area. It also produces some 40% of Moroccan cork and is therefore of great sylvicultural and industrial significance also, making it a sylvo-pastoral area of major economic and social importance at both regional and national levels.In view of its spatial and social peculiarities, namely its division into large tribal areas (communes) that are in turn divided into tribal group sub-areas, and also of the employment and training needs of its labor force, the utilization of the forest needs to be re-organized in accordance with a new spatial structure to ensure continuity of employment, raise the vocational skills of its labor force, and improve its pastures through the programming of new sylvo-pastoral measures appropriately distributed over this structure and also over the course of the year.Furthermore, the present shrinkage of the forest calls for a cork re-forestation program. Since this means placing large areas off-limits to pasturing, pastures must be improved to compensate for the feed resources lost.The combined forestry and pasture function of the operations now being proposed and programmed will ensure a return for them that they would not obtain if they concentrated on one function only.To sum up: on the basis of a study of the ecological, social and geographic environment of the Mamora cork forest, the introduction of a new sylvo-pastoral system is proposed that would be based on a new spatial organization which, while respecting the existing ecological, pasturing and cork-production constraints, would provide better and more permanent rural employment and permit higher sylvo-pastoral production under conditions compatible with long-term conservation of the system.

Anthropogenic activities are placing increasing pressure on many species, particularly those that rely on more than one ecosystem. River herring (alewife, Alosa pseudoharengus and blueback herring, A. aestivalis collectively) are anadromous fishes that reproduce in rivers and streams of eastern North America and migrate to the western Atlantic Ocean. Here, we use data from single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) to provide a comprehensive analysis of population structure for both species of river herring throughout their native ranges. We sampled river herring spawning runs in rivers from Newfoundland to Florida, examining a total of 108 locations, and genotyping over 8000 fish. We identified geographic population groupings (regional genetic groups) in each species, as well as significant genetic differentiation between most populations and rivers. Strong correlations between geographic and genetic distances (i.e., isolation by distance) were found range-wide for both species, although the patterns were less consistent at smaller spatial scales. River herring are caught as bycatch in fisheries and estimating stock proportions in mixed fishery samples is important for management. We assessed the utility of the SNP datasets as reference baselines for genetic stock identification. Results indicated high accuracy of individual assignment (76–95%) to designated regional genetic groups, and some individual populations, as well as highly accurate estimates of mixing proportions for both species. This study is the first to evaluate genetic structure across the entire geographic range of these species and provides an important foundation for conservation and management planning. The SNP reference datasets will facilitate continued multi-lateral monitoring of bycatch, as well as ecological investigation to provide information about ocean dispersal patterns of these species.

Fire-dependent ecosystems include some of the most threatened ecosystems in the world, and where fuels are allowed to accumulate, they can present significant threats to human life and property. Fuel reduction activities can be effective in reducing the risk of wildfire, but these practices need to be evaluated relative to their effect on biodiversity. We surveyed birds in an inland pitch pine–scrub oak barren, a fire-dependent plant community, in which fuel reduction had been carried out via thinning of canopy trees to reduce the risk of running crown fires. We hypothesized that thinning pitch pine forest would negatively affect the abundance of mature forest birds and positively affect the abundance of scrub–shrub birds. Our results confirmed these expectations: several mature forest bird species were less abundant in thinned pitch pine than unthinned pitch pine, although most of these species were also present in mixed deciduous forest, and therefore regionally well represented. In contrast, another group of bird species was scarce or absent from unthinned pitch pine and mixed deciduous forest, but present in thinned sites and scrub oak stands. These were scrub–shrub species that do not nest in mixed deciduous or pitch pine forest but depend on shrubland or savannah habitats that cover ∼3% of the region. We conclude that fuel reduction by thinning canopy trees at this site provides habitat for high-priority scrub–shrub bird species at the cost of modest reductions in numbers of forest birds whose regional aggregate population is large.

Environmental planning decisions depend on an understanding of how the preservation or degradation process has progressed through time, and consequently, on how to define strategies that will be conducive to environmental conservation. The landscape ecology literature has been addressing methodological deficiencies regarding landscape evaluation and interpretation, mainly with respect to express heterogeneity, where it is difficult to recognize the matrix through landscape configuration. We argue that a better representation of the spatio-temporal landscape occurs integrating driving forces that are capable of initiating and perpetuating changes in the landscape, modeling the complex geometric pattern inherent in landscape structure, and defining the change vectors in a continuum of scales. The aim of this study is to develop a methodology that allows the identification of structure patterns resulting from the relation among driving forces, change vectors and evolutive phases in a coastal landscape. This paper, then, considers four factors: driving forces identified through the construction of a historical survey; land use and cover maps (LUCC) at broad scale, cross tabulation, flux diagram, and dominance index; the landscape evolution phases identified using LUCC and driving forces; and landscape cracking and change-vectors defined at fine scale using conservation and degradation indexes. This strategy reveals the existence of specific geometric patterns and change vectors for each evolution phase of the landscape. It also allows the identification of sites where management actions should be directed toward helping decision makers.

Endangered species often exhibit low or negative intrinsic growth rates and experience random environmental shocks that can significantly affect population abundance. Geometric Brownian motion has been shown to be a valid model for an endangered species (Dennis et al. 1991). This paper argues that an endangered species should be viewed as a quasi-public good and shows how real option theory can be used to determine the optimal timing of a conservation intervention that might prevent extinction. When a species goes extinct we assume society incurs a biodiversity loss, that can be measured in dollars. Regret is the interest cost on that loss. Social anxiety increases toward regret as the population of an endangered species declines toward extinction. The complete model requires information on (1) the drift and standard deviation rates before and after the conservation intervention, (2) the social cost (anxiety) from endangerment, (3) the fixed and variable costs of the conservation intervention, and (4) the social rate of discount. The model is illustrated with data on the captive breeding program for the California condor.

In Mediterranean countries land abandonment, the loss of traditional land-use systems and the action of fire are causing forests degradation, increasing erosion risk and desertification. The Rural Development Programme–Afforestation of Agricultural Land (RURIS–AAL) is an afforestation programme for marginal and abandoned agricultural land which intends to contribute to the rehabilitation of degraded lands and to mitigate the effects of desertification.The study was conducted in a Mediterranean region under desertification risk. The goal of the study was twofold: (i) to explore the main drivers of land cover change and the impact of RURIS–AAL on both agriculture area loss and on native oaks area recovery and (ii) to assess the appropriateness of the species used and the levels of afforestation success of RURIS–AAL from 2002 until 2011. The analysis was conducted through spatial analysis in a Geographical Information System and by statistical analysis using both nonparametric correlations and Categorical Principal Components Analysis (CATPCA).The results proved that the study area’s land cover change (2000–2006) was mainly due to forest fires and as result, a decrease in forest areas (ground cover higher than 30%) as opposed to an increase of open forests (ground cover between 10% and 30%), cuts and new plantations areas was observed. The impact of RURIS–AAL on agricultural area loss was found to be very weak (−1009 ha; −0.6%). The species used in RURIS–AAL were well selected in relation to theirs ecological zoning and the levels of afforestation success were high (76%). A total of 3363 ha were forested mainly with pure cork oak and mixtures of cork oak and holm oak (86%) which was very positive to recover oak forest area. Moreover, the CATPCA proved that the combination of the necessary biophysical conditions for each species together with the most appropriated procedures for stand establishment was verified in RURIS–AAL. High afforestation success rates were obtained for both pure cork oak stands (79%) and mixed stands of cork oak (89%), namely mixed umbrella pine and cork oak stands (95%).Both species, cork oak and umbrella pine, are very well adapted to Mediterranean environments and offer non-wood products (cork and cone) of high market value which will both improve farm’s multi-functionality and provide extra incomes in the long-term. These findings are important guidelines to be kept in consideration for successful afforestation in future programmes in Mediterranean regions.

Data from the most recent forest surveys in the states of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida were used to examine the wetland forest resource. Consistent estimation of the forested wetland resource is difficult because of diverse species mixes and habitat types, weather cycles that influence hydroperiod, and the timing of field visits. Using stand information collected on Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) permanent plots, area of wetland timberland in the Southeast was estimated and described. The method was as close as practicable to methods of classifying wetlands currently agreed upon by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. This accepted method utilizes indicator species, soil data, and sb in the FIA algorithm include overstory and understory species occurrence, physiography, hydroperiod, and cover type data. This method provides a repeatable means of assessing area of forested-wetland communities.

Ethnopharmacological relevanceQuina is a popular name originally attributed to Cinchona pubescens Vahl (=Cinchona succirubra) and Cinchona. calisaya Wedd., species native from Peru that have the antimalarial alkaloid quinine. In Brazil, bitter barks substitutes for the Peruvian species began to be used centuries ago, and they still are sold in popular markets. To assess the authenticity and the conditions on which samples of quinas have been commercialized, using the DNA barcode, chemical and biological assays.Materials and methodsStarting with 28 samples of barks acquired on a popular market, 23 had their DNA extracted successfully. The regions matK and rbcL were amplified and sequenced for 15 and 23 samples, respectively. Phytochemical analyses were performed by chromatographic methods, and biological essays were done by antimalarial tests in vitro.ResultsThe identified species belonged to six different families, many of them endangered or with no correlation with use in traditional medicine as a Brazilian quina. The absence of typical bitter chemical substances indicated that barks have been collected from other species or from very young trees. The results of biological essays confirm the lack of standardization of the sold materials.ConclusionThe integrated approaches proved to be efficient to evaluate medicinal plants sold in popular markets and can be useful for promoting their better use and conservation.

Increasing food production without further harming biodiversity is a key challenge of contemporary societies. In this paper, we assess trade-offs between agricultural output and two key agri-environmental indicators in four contrasting scenarios for Europe in 2040. The scenarios represent different storylines encompassing assumptions on macro-economic drivers (e.g. population and GDP growth rate), demand for food and livestock products as well as policy choices on trade liberalisation/protectionism, biodiversity conservation, regulations on land-use planning and subsidies to farmers through the European Union (EU) Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). Through a complex modelling chain, we projected for the year 2040: i) the total energy content of agricultural output; ii) the total nitrogen surplus, a proxy of the overall impact of agriculture on the environment; and iii) an index measuring the capacity of agricultural systems to support biodiversity. We present both aggregate results (EU level) and spatially explicit assessments at a fine resolution (1 km2). Results indicate that a strong neo-liberal approach to agriculture (full liberalisation, abolition of subsides) will lead to increased use-input efficiency and decrease of impact from Nitrogen input; however, a large amount of agricultural area in Europe will be abandoned, which will lead to an absolute decrease in production and increased land homogenisation and polarisation, with negative effects on the capacity of agricultural areas to support biodiversity. Protectionist and sovereigntist policies will keep absolute production and cultivated area high, but at the cost of less efficiency in the use of inputs and higher impacts on the environment and biodiversity. Under a scenario characterised by environmental-friendly practices, multifunctional landscapes and localism, significant decreases in the environmental pressure of agriculture (compared to other scenarios) can be achieved with minimum decrease in agricultural output. Our results indicate that agricultural and land-use policies aiming at preserving production over large rural areas, multifunctionality and diversification of agricultural landscapes can contribute to the jointly achievement of biodiversity protection and high food production.

Deforestation in the Peruvian pre-montane forests has increased alarmingly in recent years. Particularly, fragmentation in these forests takes place against a background of very extensive continuous forest. Until now, no studies have detailed how Peruvian small mammals responded to forest fragmentation. In this paper, we report the results of an assessment of nonvolant small mammal fauna in forest remnants (one large fragment and one small fragment) and cattle pasture in a disturbed landscape at Pozuzo, formerly a pre-montane tropical forest in central Peru. In each forest remnant, we quantify habitat parameters and identified small mammals to know if there is a relationship between forest remnant size or microhabitat structure and small mammal assemblages. In addition, we investigated the influence of habitat structure on the presence of small mammal species. We did not find any evidence that habitat structure in large fragment was greater than small fragment. Actually, both forest remnants presented habitat features typical of forests subject to higher levels of disturbance. We found that abundance of small trees (10 - 19 cm DBH) was positively associated with the presence of Marmosops noctivagus, but negatively with the presence of Oecomys bicolor. Likewise, the presence of the arboreal Rhipidomys leucodactylus was associated with the abundance of larger trees (DBH > 50 cm). We recorded 12 small mammal species in large fragment, 9 in small fragment and 3 in cattle pasture. No significant differences were found in species richness between both fragments, but marsupial abundance in the small fragment was greater than large fragment. At Pozuzo, we recorded 9 species restricted to forest habitat and 3 to forest and cattle pastures. However, it is necessary to assess more fragments to improve our knowledge about species survival in this landscape.

A decision model is developed for identifying alternative configurations of new protected habitat areas to augment and enhance major global flyways of migratory birds. New habitat areas are selected to fill in the spatial gaps between existing protected stopovers such as wildlife refuges. The methodology is applied to the US portion of the Atlantic flyway in order to develop alternative networks of habitat stepping stones extending from Maine to Florida. The model is formulated as a zero-one program and solutions are derived using a greedy adding heuristic procedure. Two ecological-economic objectives drive the model: maximizing the geographic coverage of the protected stopovers, and maximizing average stopover quality, as represented by an index based on wetland prevalence and land cost. Thirty-five alternative solutions were generated, indicating the tradeoffs between the objectives. These results are expected to be useful to natural resource agencies and conservation organizations in the development of habitat conservation, preservation, and restoration policies and programs.

The objective of this study was to discuss how natural factors associated with poor land use policy and ineffective water resources management triggered a severe water crisis in a region with water plenty. The idea developed throughout the text is the result of a water shortage experience in a Brazilian medium-size city, related to recurrent climatological events, indicating the need for national and international water management agencies to elaborate policies, guidelines and mechanisms that take environmental seasonality into account. The study area (Itabuna city) is located within a rainforest biogeographic context, with high rainfall rates and perennial fluvial regimes. Nevertheless, in a period of climatic oscillation (2015-2016), the region experienced a water shortage because it relied on what it neglects. Through GIS and geoprocessing, we estimate the levels of degradation of two neighboring watersheds to illustrate the problem discussed here. The discourse adopted by the urban managers pointed out that the natural factors caused the water crisis. However, one of the watersheds that supply water to urban areas did not meet demand during the dry season, the other is degraded and with reduced ability to deliver ecosystem services. Due to the water crisis, an old proposal of implementing a dam in the watershed with highest level of degradation was resumed and implanted. The method chosen to solve the issue of water shortage, although valid, isn’t enough, in addition to demanding large engineering interventions in the natural environment, it does not guarantee water security without an effective land use policy for watersheds. Therefore, as a complement to the dam, we suggest watershed restoration and preservation policies that can effectively regulate water production and promote resilient and sustainable water security should be implemented.

The taxonomy of the titi monkeys (Callicebinae) has recently received considerable attention. It is now recognised that this subfamily is composed of three genera with 33 species, seven of them described since 2002. Here, we describe a new species of titi, Plecturocebus, from the municipality of Alta Floresta, Mato Grosso, Brazil. We adopt an integrative taxonomic approach that includes phylogenomic analyses, pelage characters, and locality records. A reduced representation genome-wide approach was employed to assess phylogenetic relationships among species of the eastern Amazonian clade of the Plecturocebus moloch group. Using existing records, we calculated the Extent of Occurrence (EOO) of the new species and estimated future habitat loss for the region based on predictive models. We then evaluated the species’ conservation status using the IUCN Red list categories and criteria. The new species presents a unique combination of morphological characters: (1) grey agouti colouration on the crown and dorsal parts; (2) entirely bright red-brown venter; (3) an almost entirely black tail with a pale tip; and (4) light yellow colouration of the hair on the cheeks contrasting with bright red-brown hair on the sides of the face. Our phylogenetic reconstructions based on maximum-likelihood and Bayesian methods revealed well-supported species relationships, with the Alta Floresta taxon as sister to P. moloch + P. vieirai. The species EOO is 10,166,653 ha and we predict a total habitat loss of 86% of its original forest habitat under a “business as usual” scenario in the next 24 years, making the newly discovered titi monkey a Critically Endangered species under the IUCN A3c criterion. We give the new titi monkey a specific epithet based on: (1) clear monophyly of this lineage revealed by robust genomic and mitochondrial data; (2) distinct and diagnosable pelage morphology; and (3) a well-defined geographical distribution with clear separation from other closely related taxa. Urgent conservation measures are needed to safeguard the future of this newly discovered and already critically endangered primate.

The inoculation of tree species with plant growth-promoting bacteria (PGPB) has emerged as an important strategy for the acclimation of seedlings by improving plant tolerance to biotic and abiotic stresses. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of inoculation with bacterial species (Azospirillum brasilense - Ab-V5, Bacillus sp., Azomonas sp. and Azorhizophillus sp.) on the growth and physiology of the Neotropical tree species Trema micrantha and Cariniana estrellensis under drought conditions. When associated with Ab-V5 and Azomonas sp., T. micrantha showed increased protein in the leaves, starch in the leaves and roots, photosynthesis, instantaneous carboxylation efficiency and root and shoot dry mass. Moreover, there were reductions in hydrogen peroxide, lipid peroxidation, water potential and proline. In C. estrellensis associated with Ab-V5, higher values of photosynthesis and instantaneous carboxylation efficiency were observed, in addition to higher starch content in the leaves and roots and higher protein content in the leaves; lower hydrogen peroxide and lipid peroxidation contents were also observed. The associations of T. micrantha with Ab-V5 and Azomonas sp. and C. estrellensis with Ab-V5 favored the activation of metabolic processes under drought, leading to greater drought tolerance. This work demonstrates the effects of compatible associations of Neotropical tree and PGPB species and suggests that the identification of compatible PGPB strains can result in tree seedlings with increased tolerance to abiotic stresses, such as drought.

Forest clearings in the Amazon are expanding along roads and are enhanced by the associated expansion of human settlements. The purpose of this research is to analyze the spatial patterns associated with this development process using fractal geometry and to partition this development process into different levels by a model-based classification scheme that can be applied to regions globally. A critical region of tropical forest cover in the tri-national frontier in the center of the southwestern Amazon was used as the study area. We utilized box-counting fractal dimensions to describe the spatial patterns of deforestation at a pixel level from 1986 to 2010 in the study region. The evolving pattern of development, as indicated by density-sliced fractal dimension, provides a unique and informative view of a deforesting landscape. The cleared areas have become increasingly compact from 1986 to 2010, where the low fractal dimensions typically represent little to no forest clearings and higher fractal dimensions are associated with more highly developed areas. Such differences are summarized by a classification scheme derived from a mathematical model that partitions the continuous range of fractal dimensions into five possible classes ranging from no or minimal development to highly developed. Such graphical representations of these stages of deforestation in the study region with such spatially explicit pixel-level information enables us to provide multi-level, local, adaptive, and flexible information to forest conservation groups, land managers and related programs.

Forest edges are important features of wooded farmland. Their role for biodiversity was investigated using tree microhabitats (TMH) as an indirect indicator of forest biodiversity. Because they are managed more intensively, trees in the edges of fragmented temperate woodlands are likely to host more TMH than trees in their interior. In this study, we tested this hypothesis in relation to tree density, diameter, species composition and the structure and management of woodland edges. We selected 28 woodlands with edges differing by their structure and the adjacent fields. Eleven types of TMH were recorded in two transects set up in the edges and interior of the woodlands. TMH density was significantly higher in the woodland edges (4.67 ± 0.78 per 100 m2 area) than in the interior (1.86 ± 0.23 per 100 m2 area). Some TMH - patches of bark loss, cracks, sap runs and epiphytes – were significantly more abundant in the edges than in the interior. These results were accounted for by the convergence of several factors: (i) significantly higher tree density in woodland edges, (ii) a significantly higher proportion of TMH host trees in woodland edges, (iii) a larger tree diameter on average in woodland edges and, even in the same given size class, a higher frequency of TMH host trees, and (iv) greater abundance in woodland edges of tree species more likely to host TMH, even with small diameters. The positive relationship found between the height of the bottom of the crown and TMH abundance may have resulted from abiotic factors (micro-climatic conditions) related to long management rotations, but we did not demonstrate any direct effect of management practices. Given the large number of forest taxa, but also farmland taxa, that depend on TMH, woodland edges should be reconsidered as zones of high potential interest for forest biodiversity conservation.

ommunity structures of Collembola and their seasonal fluctuations were studied in eight southern Quebec sugar maple (Acer saccharum Marsh.) forests growing on mull, moder and mor humus types. Endogeic species were extracted from soil cores using Berlese-Tullgren funnels while epigeic species were collected using pit-light traps (Luminoc®). Comparisons of species presence, abundance, and dominance among sites and seasons were done using Sorensen's similarity coefficients and CANOCO. A total of 92 species from 7 families and 35 genera were identified. Species dominance and community structure differed according to humus types. Two groups of endogeic species were identified. The mor/mor-moder type group included Folsomia penicula, Hypogastrura (Ceratophysella) spp. Que., Micrisotoma achromata, Onychiurus (Protaphorura)? parvicornis, Onychiurus (Onychiurus) sp. A Que. And Onychiurus (Onychiurus) sp. B Que. The mull/mull-moder type group included Isotoma (Desoria) notabilis, Tullbergia (Tullbergia) silvicola, Tullbergia (Tullbergia) clavata, and Pseudosinella alba. Such clear humus type relationships were not found among the epigeic species, but important seasonal changes in community structures were found for these species. Spring species were Sminthurinus (Katiannina) macgillivrayi, Hypogastrura (Ceratophysella) maheuxi, Hypogastrura (Hypogastrura) sp. A Que. and Sminthurinus (Sminthurinus) latimaculosus. Tomocerus (Pogonognathellus) flavescens, Sminthurinus (Sminthurinus) henshawi, and Orchesella hexfasciata appeared in the summer samples while Dicyrtoma (Dicyrtoma) aurata was found only in fall samples where it was dominant in most sites along with either Sminthurides (Sminthurides) lepus or Sminthurinus (Sminthurinus) quadrimaculatus. No strong seasonal trends were found among the dominant endogeic species.

The mountainous Dagestan region has a unique historical development, likely based in independent cereal domestication and terraced agriculture. However, there is little to no data on the nature and timing of environmental changes throughout the settlement history of this region. In contrast to the much studied neighboring Caucasus regions, Dagestan remains mostly unexplored from the standpoint of paleoecology. Here we present a detailed radiocarbon-dated 185 cm long pollen record from the Shotota swamp located in the mountainous zone of the Eastern Caucasus (Dagestan). Peat and soil deposits of the swamp span most of the Holocene from the Neolithic to the Middle Ages, and this study, for the first time, presents an analysis of Holocene vegetation history and the populating of the Eastern Caucasus.Our analysis reveals three basic stages of transformation of natural conditions: a stage of predominantly warm and dry climate, open meadow and steppe landscapes of 9200–7300 BP associated with the Neolithic period; a warm and humid climate of 7300–6000 BP which accompanied the appearance of deciduous forests in the Chalcolithic period; and cooling and several phases of humidification oscillations with the constant rise of pine forests with 5000 BP, which are associated with the Bronze Age, Early Iron Age and Middle Ages. With the data obtained on the dynamics of vegetation, we conducted a coupled analysis of climate dynamics, populating and economy in Dagestan. The results of the study show significant discrepancies in the timing and sequence of the expansion of tree species in the Holocene in comparison with Transcaucasia and the Western Caucasus. Despite the low settlement density pollen results reveal signs of agricultural development in the Khunzakh plateau in the Chalcolithic, the Late Bronze Age and the Early Iron Age that are not documented in archaeological surveys and require further investigation.

This paper provides an empirical investigation of the factors that influence the appearance and success of voter referenda to raise public funds for open-space conservation. We take advantage of a data set that includes detailed information on all such referenda that occurred in the United States between 1998 and 2003. Combining these data with information from the U.S. Census and state-specific variables, we conduct a nationwide analysis along with focused studies of referenda that occurred in New Jersey and Massachusetts. The paper provides the first investigation of how funding mechanisms and funding rates affect voter support for public acquisition of open space. We also provide evidence on the relationship between existing patterns of open space and voter support for open-space referenda. As open-space initiatives continue to gain popularity at the ballot box, the descriptive insights of this paper should prove useful for both policy-makers and advocates working in the area of land use management.

Hooghly–Matla estuarine ecosystem of India is very rich in natural resources and receives large amount of nutrients through litterfall from adjacent mangrove forest. Nitrogen as an important nutrient occurs in various forms and plays a crucial role in the regulation of productivity in this estuarine system. Modelling of nitrogen dynamics from mangrove litterfall and particularly the release of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in this estuarine system is important because of its role in augmenting growth of phytoplankton and other higher plants and all other biological components of grazing food chain.Considering the importance of nitrogen, a dynamic model with seven-dimension differential equation is proposed. In this model, nitrogen of the mangrove litterfall is considered as source and its conversion into different organic and inorganic forms (soil total nitrogen, soil organic nitrogen, soil inorganic nitrogen, total organic nitrogen of water, dissolved organic nitrogen of water, particulate organic nitrogen of water and dissolved inorganic nitrogen of water) are considered as state variables. Some physical and chemical factors and also rate parameters such as nitrogen fraction of litter biomass, litter biomass, redox potential, soil temperature, conversion rates of nitrogen of one form to another form, phytoplankton uptake rate of dissolved inorganic nitrogen, dissolved oxygen, water temperature and water pH are considered as graph-time functions in this model. These data are collected over two years from our field works and experiments. Other rate parameters are calibrated following standard procedure. Sensitivity analysis is performed before calibration. Model simulation results are properly validated with observed data.Sensitivity analysis reveals that the leaching rate of soil organic nitrogen to total organic nitrogen of water and loss rate of soil organic nitrogen as humic acid and fulvic acids are very sensitive parameters in this system. Redox potential plays an important role in the conversion of soil total nitrogen to soil inorganic nitrogen whereas soil temperature is considered to be key factor regulating the microbial activity for the conversion of soil organic nitrogen to soil inorganic nitrogen. Similarly in water, total organic nitrogen of water including dissolved organic nitrogen and particulate organic nitrogen is dependent on soil organic nitrogen. The dissolved organic nitrogen, particulate organic nitrogen and soil inorganic nitrogen ultimately get converted into dissolved inorganic nitrogen and accumulated in water which is taken by phytoplankton and microflora as minerals.

Due to their location close to the northern border of Romania, their complex glacial geomorphology and the existing biodiversity, the Maramureş Mountains represent an interesting area. Despite this, few palynological studies have been published so far about these mountains. Recent pollen analyses performed in Tăul Mare–Bardău and Cristina peat bogs, both located in the Northern Maramureş Mountains, reveal the Holocene regional vegetation history, beginning with the Atlantic period, as confirmed by 14C dating. High values of Corylus avellana in the bottom part of both sequences suggests an Atlantic age for the beginning of the peat accumulation. Picea abies values indicate its significant presence in the region, continuing through the entire sequence. The development of P. abies and C. avellana forest is assumed to have occurred between 9800 and 9000 cal BP, based on the general trend in the Romanian Carpathians, even though this interval is not covered by the pollen diagrams from the Maramureş Mountains. Mixed oak elements appear under-represented in the sequences because of the high altitude of the sites, similar to Carpinus betulus, whose continuous curve shows small values. The spread of mixed oak elements occurred at around 10,800 cal BP, as in most regions of the Romanian Carpathians. The Fagus sylvatica curve reaches high values during the Subatlantic period, certifying its substantial and early presence in the region. Abies alba pollen occurs continuously in the diagram only during the last period (Subatlantic), and it is poorly represented compared to beech. The beginning of C. betulus expansion is dated at ca. 6000 cal BP in Maramureş Mountains, whereas F. sylvatica starts to expand at ca. 5100 cal BP, and A. alba at only 2500–3200 cal BP. The decrease in AP/NAP ratio, observed in the last pollen zones, reflects the increasing human intervention in the region, mostly by clearing and cutting of spruce and beech forests.

Arthropod assemblages (Isopoda Oniscidea, Chilopoda, Coleoptera Carabidae) were studied in three 20-year-old reforestations with native oak species (holm-oak Quercus ilex, Turkey-oak Quercus cerris, and downy-oak Quercus pubescens) and in a natural mixed oak forest (Q. cerris and Quercus frainetto) in Latium (central Italy). The three reforested areas had been previously used for agricultural purposes. Samples were collected monthly by pitfall traps for a period of 1 year (March 2009–February 2010). Structural parameters and the arthropod assemblage compositions of the four studied areas were compared. The effects of the different forest types and the influence of environmental variables on the activity density of each species were analyzed, with particular emphasis to forest species. Contrary to centipedes and ground beetles, woodlice showed lower values of richness, diversity and equitability in reforestations than in the natural forest. According to Canonical Correspondence Analysis, forest species of woodlice and centipedes resulted mainly associated with forests characterized by a high structural heterogeneity (natural forest and reforestation with Q. pubescens). In these two forests the activity density of centipede forest species is mainly influenced by the coverage of both shrub and leaf litter layer, and woodlice forest species only by the coverage of the latter. The ground beetle forest species were mainly associated with forests characterized by low structural heterogeneity and an almost total closure of the canopy throughout the year (reforestation with Q. ilex). However, some ground beetle forest species are present also in the natural forest. Our results suggest that reforestations with different native broadleaf species belonging to the local “potential” vegetation can contribute to the conservation of the diversity of forest arthropod assemblages in the extremely fragmented agricultural landscape of the middle Tyrrhenian area.

Woodland expansion is a key component of Scottish land use policy, with targets to increase woodland cover from 18% towards 25% of land area by 2050. However, to date there has been little assessment of whether forestry policy is achieving its objectives. Here, we present an evaluation of woodland grant schemes based on site suitability modelling for the Lochaber Forest District in northwest Scotland. We perform a spatial analysis of woodland creation between 1988 and 2014 using site suitability scores generated through the Forest Research Ecological Site Classification (ESC) methodology. We further conduct in-depth interviews with fourteen stakeholders within the grant-scheme application process to explore the influence of ecological suitability on woodland planning. We find that 92% of woodlands are suited to current climate conditions, and that suitability has improved under the latest grant scheme. This is concurrent with an increased emphasis on suitability modelling in decision-making, though could be explained by cultural changes or a more rigorous approvals process. We find that ecological variables are used to inform woodland location and species selection, but that woodland type is more commonly determined by grant structure. Finally, we discuss other potential limits to grant scheme success, including climate change, edaphic variables and woodland management.

In Brazil, the Cadastro Ambiental Rural (CAR) is currently being implemented. This policy aims to geo-reference all properties and promote monitoring of, and compliance with, natural vegetation conservation requirements. Scholarly efforts and policy attention have so far concentrated on possible environmental impacts hereof, while the attention devoted to how the CAR might affect farmers' livelihoods has been limited. In this paper, we evaluate potential livelihood impacts of the CAR and programs that facilitate CAR registration. We do so by developing a conceptual framework and using evidence from semi-structured interviews with key stakeholders including farmers, governments, and funding agencies. We find that while the CAR and programs facilitating CAR do not have explicit livelihood impact goals, they nonetheless affect livelihoods, both positively and negatively, depending on the initial amount of natural vegetation on farmers' properties, farmers' access to credit and infrastructure, and changing market conditions. We argue that environmental interventions and policies need to consider potential livelihood impacts, especially if the policy intervention area has high poverty rates.

In tropical forest, landscape fragmentation and the consequent degradation of disturbed forests increase the incidence of light and dry hot winds, causing a disturbance on natural regeneration. Under these conditions, lianas (woody vines) development is stimulated instead of other species, which are more suited to mature forest and under less influence of the edge effect. For this, lianas colonization is an important variable for assessing the disturbance level of a forest. In this context, it becomes important to understand the nature of the competitive relationships between hyper-abundant lianas and ring growth of the host trees. Here, we selected trees with occupation or absence of lianas from two tropical species – Pinus caribaea var. hondurensis (Caribbean pine) and Tectona grandis (teak) – localized in a semideciduous forest fragment in southeastern Brazil, aiming to compare growth, climatic response, anatomy (vessels and intra-annual density fluctuations), wood density and carbon, by tree-ring analysis. The results showed that the lianas caused a change in tree-ring anatomy of host trees in last 10 years, mainly. We observed that trees occupied by lianas had a decrease the radial growth and carbon in the two species, an increase of the vessels size in teak and a decrease of the IADF frequency in Caribbean pine. In teak, the climate-tree relationship indicated that trees with lianas had lower response to rainfall and higher response to temperature in the summer (rainy and hottest period); in Caribbean pine, we observed that trees with lianas had a 2-month delay in the radial growth response to rainfall in the dry season. In the teak group, we observed that host trees had higher wood density values than liana-free tree in the outer rings, and the opposite was showed for pine. These findings show that tree-ring growth of host trees are a strong bioindicator of forest disturbance caused by aggressive colonization of lianas. We believe that these methods are applicable to future studies relating to the effects of habitat fragmentation and forest degradation on biodiversity and ecosystem services, particularly in the context of global climate change.

In response to the extensive loss of forests caused by soy and cattle expansion in South America, several countries have increased their legal restrictions on deforestation, and stepped up their enforcement. In addition, in the Brazilian Amazon, new private agreements were initiated in 2006 and 2009 to limit the purchase of soy and cattle linked with deforestation. One concern is that such policies, because they are spatially heterogeneous or focus on a subset of relevant actors, might generate negative spillovers in the form of leakage of agricultural activities and deforestation to less-regulated areas, and/or a redistribution of non-compliant product sales to non-participants. In this study, we use panel data on soy and beef production and trade in agricultural frontiers of South America to examine how changes in deforestation regulations in South America have altered soy and cattle expansion and exports in this region, and to understand how these changes, if they have occurred, influence the overall effectiveness of deforestation regulations. We find no evidence of a change in soy or pasture area expansion patterns due to changes in regulations, except within the Amazon biome where pasture expansion slowed in response to more stringent regulations and coincided with pasture intensification. We do find, however, a decrease in beef imports from biomes with more stringent deforestation regulations. While this decrease may indicate the existence of leakage to countries outside the study area, it is likely offset by pasture intensification, continued opportunities for deforestation, and increasing domestic consumption from these biomes. These results point to the potential role of substitution effects between local and international consumer markets, and between different actors, in diminishing the overall effectiveness of deforestation regulations.

The management and conservation of animal species should be based upon a long-term analysis that considers its geographical distribution and feeding patterns. The study of carbon and nitrogen stable isotopes on skeletal remains provides a quantitative approach to the paleodietary reconstructions and constitutes a potent tool for comparing behavioral aspects of the fauna. In this paper we present the first set of isotopic values for modern and archaeological samples of Huemul (Hippocamelus bisulcus) from the forests of Central-western Patagonia, Chile. Contrary to initial expectations, our analysis indicates that there is no evidence of an important incidence of the canopy effect on the δ13Ccollagen values, which we suggest is due to an ecological selection that drives the huemul to focus its predation on open sectors within the forest. On the other hand, a wide range of δ15Ncollagen values for huemul was verified. This could reflect the N impoverishment of the forest soils and provide an interesting ecological indicator. The long-term information offered by the archaeological record provides the necessary context for decision-making conducive towards the preservation of Hippocamelus bisulcus in Patagonia.

The ‘African Cultural Heritage and Landscape Database’ project, initiated and directed by the senior author and administered by Aluka (www.aluka.org), is aimed at the creation of a digital library of spatial and non-spatial materials relating to cultural heritage sites in Africa. The archaeological site of Wonderwerk Cave (South Africa) is one of the 19 sites documented to date using laser scanning, conventional survey, digital photogrammetry and 3D modelling. To date, it is one of the few archaeological caves worldwide to be fully scanned. This paper explores the different uses to which the spatial data derived from this cave have been, or will be, put – for historical and educational purposes, scientific research and site conservation and development.

This article addresses the role played by various international organizations such as the United Nations Organization, the Food and Agriculture Organization, various regional fisheries management organizations and the European Union in relation to the conservation and management of deep-sea fisheries. The activities performed by these organizations especially over the last fifteen years as well as the legal scope of the different documents adopted by them have revealed the existence of serious and complex problems in this field. This moreover allows us to identify, on the one hand, the main challenges the field currently poses to these same subjects of international law, and, on the other hand, to understand why the conservation and management of deep-sea fisheries are highly topical issues on the current agenda of these universal and regional organizations.

l sistema rastreador de carbono desempeñará un papel importante para mejorar la comprensión sobre las fuentes y sumideros de CO2, el intercambio de gases entre la atmósfera y el océano, y las emisiones de gases provenientes de incendios forestales y combustibles fósiles en América Latina y el Caribe. El objetivo del presente estudio es analizar las tendencias de los flujos de carbono en la biosfera y el océano, así como las emisiones procedentes de incendios forestales y el uso de combustibles fósiles en dicha región, mediante el sistema rastreador de carbono. De 2000 a 2009 el flujo promedio de carbono para la biosfera, el uso de combustibles fósiles, los incendios y el océano en América Latina y el Caribe fue de −0.03, 0.41, 0.296 y −0.061 Pg C/yr, respectivamente, y en México fue de −0.02, 0.117, 0.013 y −0.003 Pg C/yr, respectivamente. El promedio del flujo neto de carbono en América Latina y el Caribe, por un lado, y México, por el otro, fue de 0.645 y 0.126 Pg C/yr, respectivamente. En América Latina y el Caribe, los sumideros terrestres de carbono se encuentran principalmente en las regiones boscosas y agrícolas, así como en los pastizales, zonas de arbustos y en la cordillera de los Andes. Los flujos netos entre la superficie y la atmósfera que incluyen al combustible fósil son predominantes en los alrededores de las grandes ciudades de México, Brasil y Chile, al igual que en las zonas de deforestación en el río Amazonas. Se ha comprobado que los incendios forestales son una importante fuente de CO2 en América Latina y el Caribe. Por otra parte, podemos confirmar que la política de fomento al uso de etanol en vehículos livianos en Brasil ha contribuido a disminuir las emisiones de carbono generadas a partir de combustible fósiles, y suponer el efecto del programa Proárbol en México como resultado de la absorción de carbono proveniente de la biosfera y de incendios forestales. Este estudio confirma que el sistema rastreador de carbono puede cumplir un papel importante en Latinoamérica y el Caribe como herramienta científica para comprender mejor los procesos de absorción y liberación de carbono derivados de los ecosistemas terrestres, del uso de combustibles fósiles y del océano, además de permitir una vigilancia a largo plazo de las concentraciones de CO2 en la atmósfera.

Nicaragua, home to the largest remaining extent of rainforest in Central America (total surface area) and to a significant indigenous population, has lost approximately half of its forest cover since 1950. This major and rapid loss of forest cover has been explained as the consequence of an eastward moving agricultural frontier that cuts through the region of Jinotega. If the current deforestation rate continues, the country could lose its remaining forest cover over the course of the next two decades; therefore, it is essential that the dynamics and relationships of land-use and land-cover change (LUCC) in this region are understood. To examine LUCC in Nicaragua over time, Landsat imagery from the southern portion of the region of Jinotega, taken in 1978, 1987, and 1999 was utilized. A remote-sensing method, supervised classification, which allows for the grouping of spectrally similar values for each year, followed by an image change detection analysis (postclassification comparison) was conducted. Groundtruthing (field validation) was conducted in 2006 to validate the data, which yielded increasing overall accuracy rates of 71.68% for 1978, 82.35% for 1987, and 84.38% for 1999. The classification and change detection results showed that if the agricultural cultivation overtook this region, it happened before 1978. Therefore, the possibility that either deforestation did not actually occur along an agricultural frontier or that it was located further east exists; this would be an interesting subject for future studies. There was, however, clear evidence of increased forest cover from 1987 to 1999 near the urban center, correlating with the enforced reforestation law in the city of Jinotega.

Estuarine pollution imposes rapid, increasing and lasting environmental modifications. In the present review, especial attention is given to estuaries in South America (SA), where legislation, policies and actions to guarantee environmental quality remain ineffective. There, the majority of estuaries face uncontrolled occupation of its margins by urban and industrial centres, agriculture and aquaculture expansion, water extraction and flow control. The lack of basic sanitation and poor environmental management (including territories within Marine Protected Areas) often lead to hydrological alterations, high nutrient loads, and the presence and dynamics of pollutants (nutrient loads, persistent organic pollutants (POPs), metals and plastic debris) along the entire estuarine ecocline. Organic enrichment has increased dissolved oxygen consumption, with wide spatio-temporal variability along latitudes and estuarine gradients. The toxicity, biogeochemistry and availability of metals and POPs depend on the annual fluctuations of salinity, water renewal, dissolved oxygen levels, suspended particulate loads, sediment mobility, grain size and composition at the sink. Plastic debris from land sources are widespread in estuaries, where they continue to fragment into microplastics. River basins are the main contributors of plastics to estuaries, whose transportation and accumulation are subjected to interannual water flow variations. Although some systems seems to be in a better condition in relation to others around the world (e.g. Goiana and Negro estuaries), many others are among the most modified worldwide (e.g. Guanabara Bay and Estero Salado System). We propose that, estuarine conservation plans should consider year-round fluctuations of the ecocline and the resulting cycles of retention and flush of environmental signals and their influence on trophic webs over the whole extent of estuarine gradients.

In 1976 the State of Georgia published the Environmental Corridor Study (K. Dawson, W. Munnikhuysen and R. Roark, 1976. Georgia Environmental Corridor Study. Office of Planning and Research, Dept. Natural Resources, Atlanta, GA). The study is a survey of greenway potential, focusing on a statewide interconnected system. The study process combined intrinsic values (natural resources, environmental quality and aesthetics) with extrinsic values (human use, accessibility, market demand and land use) and endangeredness to provide priorities for greenway conservation. In coordination with a unique program titled Heritage Trust, initiated by then-Governor Jimmy Carter to explore conservation easements, zoning and direct acquisition, the corridor study became recognized as an excellent source of information for greenway implementation. Under Heritage Trust, over 40 000 ha of land were acquired. The current governor, Zell Miller, established Preservation 2000, a program which is continuing the work of Heritage Trust for the 1990s. To quote from the recent Preservation 2000 brochure (H. Young, 1993. Preservation 2000 Program: Summary of Program and Progress. Dept. Natural Resources, Atlanta, GA). ‘By the end of 1994, the state will acquire [an additional 40 000 hectares] of natural areas, parks, greenways and other wild lands.’ The State of Georgia has also updated the corridor study in the Georgia Trails and Greenways Plan (A. Soriano, 1992. Georgia Trails and Greenways Plan. Dept. Natural Resources, Atlanta, GA), which provides technical assistance to local communities on issues of greenway planning including outdoor recreation planning process, land and water conservation programs, management issues and agency action plans. Unique to all of the planning and acquisition programs has been the hypothesis that, when site nominations are made for conservation purchase on a statewide basis irrespective of greenways, most priority conservation areas are found to be within greenway boundaries. This is certainly due to the substantial conservation potential of greenways. Of Heritage Trust nominations, 90% were within greenway corridors. This percentage has increased to 93% with the Preservation 2000 program. Greenways are increasing rapidly in importance as an overall conservation strategy in many areas throughout the world.

Assessing the influences of habitat structure on bird richness and functional groups can assist planning and management of urban conservation strategies. Here we analyzed how the urbanization of a city from central-west Brazil (Campo Grande) affects a Cerrado hotspot bird community by focusing on richness of bird feeding groups (frugivore, nectarivore, granivore, omnivore and insectivore). We sampled birds in 61 hexagons (16 ha each one) along an urbanization gradient. For each response variable (richness of bird feeding group) we used five predictor variables: impervious surface, Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (sdNDVI), number of trees, edifices, and houses. To assess the effects of urbanization on bird species richness, we fitted multiple regression models and used Akaike’s information criterion for small samples to assess model performance. Impervious surface was the main driver of bird richness. The explanation of most plausible models for each response variable ranged from 20 to 51% of richness variability. Overall richness was negatively affected by impervious surface and positively influenced by number of houses and sdNDVI, a proxy of heterogeneity in our study area. The number of trees did not influence plant specialists and granivores, but the number of houses and sdNdvi did. Insectivore and omnivore richness were only affected by impervious surface. Campo Grande city mimics aspects of the Cerrado heterogeneity, including bird community. Our findings give support to urban planning initiatives that optimize patch dynamics and heterogeneity at multiple spatial scales, as being appropriate for cities within Cerrado landscapes.

Facing increasing levels of ecosystem degradation, scientists and practitioners aim to preserve ecological integrity — to maintain structures and functions expected of ecosystems in a region. This requires an understanding of the relationship between structural components and functional integrity. In this paper we focused on the study forests of the Credit River Watershed (Southern Ontario, Canada). For this ecosystem we consider one of the major contributors to functional integrity: habitat functions which are defined as the capacity of the ecosystem to provide refuge and reproduction habitat to wild species of plants and animals. We define these ‘habitat functions’ as a latent variable in Structural Equation Modeling, which allows us to examine its relationship with a number of candidate indicators. We first determined two community-level structural indicators to represent the latent variable: native plant cover and forest bird abundance. We then found underlying causal relationships between multi-scale structural components of the ecosystem and the provision of habitat functions. Three variables at the local scale explain native plant cover — soil nitrogen, soil organic matter, and soil pH. A significant landscape-level variable, patch area, explained native plant cover. Percent natural land cover in a 500 m radius explained forest bird abundance. From a theoretical point of view, this modeling technique allows us to explore complex and simultaneous interactions between structures and functions of ecosystems. As for its practical applications, it can be used to improve ecological integrity monitoring programs by contributing to the selection of meaningful indicators.

Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization Fourier transform mass spectrometry (MALDI-FTMS) has become an important method for identifying peptides in neural tissues. The ultra-high-mass resolution and mass accuracy of MALDI-FTMS, in combination with in-cell accumulation techniques, can be used to advantage for the analysis of complex mixtures of peptides directly from tissue fragments or extracts. Given the diversity within the decapods, as well as the large number of extant species readily available for analysis, this group of animals represents an optimal model in which to examine phylogenetic conservation and evolution of neuropeptides and neuropeptide families. Surprisingly, no large comparative studies have previously been undertaken. Here, we have initiated such an investigation, which encompasses 32 species spanning seven decapod infraorders. Two peptides, APSGFLGMRamide and pQDLDHVFLRFamide, were detected in all species. A third peptide, GYRKPPFNGSIFamide, was detected in all species except members of the Astacidean genus Homarus, where a Val1 variant was present. Our finding that these peptides are ubiquitously (or nearly ubiquitously) conserved in decapod neural tissues not only suggests important conserved functions for them, but also provides an intrinsic calibrant set for future MALDI-FTMS assessments of other peptides in this crustacean order.

Future patterns of biodiversity have been extensively explored to design conservation strategies in large continental hotspots. However, little research has focused on island hotspots, although limited opportunities to migrate and the inherent characteristics of island species are likely to cause sensitivity to rapid environmental changes. This study addresses the question of how climate change could affect species richness in New Caledonia, the world’s smallest biodiversity hotspot. An individual species distribution model was built for 469 native tree species and projected according to nine climate change scenarios. Results indicated that the range size of 87–96% of species will have declined by 2070, 52–84% will lose at least half of their current range, and 0–15% will become extinct. Surprisingly, these predictions did not significantly exceed those for larger biodiversity hotspots. Underlying reasons may include an oceanic buffering effect that attenuates increases in air temperature, and the complex topography that generates micro-refugia. Major losses in local species richness were predicted to occur on ultramafic substrates and at mid-elevation. Loss on ultramafic substrates may stem from the number of ultramafic-specialist species that will lack a suitable climate on this specific substrate, while substrate-ubiquitous species are more likely to find refugia. Loss at mid-elevation could mirror a shift in optimum temperature-precipitation value, whose role in shaping the current pattern of diversity may have been overestimated by the models. Hopefully, these results will encourage further research to define the right mitigation and adaptation strategies on oceanic islands, where extinctions would contribute disproportionally to global biodiversity decline.

A series of hydroclimatic teleconnection patterns were identified between variations in either Atlantic or Pacific oceanic indices with precipitation and discharge anomalies in the northeastern United States. We hypothesized that temporal annual or seasonal changes in discharge could be explained by variations in extreme phases of the Atlantic Multi-decadal Oscillation (AMO index, SST: Sea Surface Temperature anomalies) and the North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO index, SLP: Sea-Level Pressure anomalies) up to three seasons in advance.The Merrimack River watershed, the fourth largest basin in New England, with a drainage area of 13,000 km2, is a compelling study site because it not only provides an opportunity to investigate the teleconnection between hydrologic variables and large-scale climate circulation patterns, but also how those patterns may become obscured by anthropogenic disturbances such as river regulation or urban development. We considered precipitation and discharge data of 21 gauging stations within the Merrimack River watershed, including the Hubbard Brook Experimental Forest (HBEF), NH, with a median record length of 55 years beginning as early as 1904.The discharge anomalies were statistically significant (p-value ≤ 0.2) between extreme positive and negative phases of AMO (1857–2011) and NAO (1900–2011) and revealed the potential teleconnectivity of climate circulation patterns with discharge. Annual and seasonal correlations of discharge were examined with the extreme phases of AMO and NAO at zero-, one-, or two- year/season lags (total of 30 scenarios). When AMO was greater than 0.2, the strongest correlations of AMO and NAO with discharge were observed at headwater catchments. This correlation weakened downstream towards larger regulated and/or developed sub-basins.We introduced a simple approach for near-term prediction of drought and flooding events. An exponential decay function was regressed through the historic occurrence of the relative frequency of wet, average, and dry discharge conditions with regards to the extreme phases of AMO and NAO. While the function was decaying, the tail asymptotically merged into and stabilized at the theoretical probability of the event. As the basin scale increased, the probability of wet, average, and dry discharge conditions decreased. The Merrimack River watershed will most likely experience greater than average discharge as its extreme condition, therefore development should be avoided on flood plains. Furthermore, the current reservoir storage capacity in the Merrimack should be improved in order to accommodate excess water input and minimize flood damage. Future research should target changes in the magnitude and timing of high discharge events in order to develop adaptation strategies for aging hydraulic infrastructure in the region.

Wildfire susceptibility is a measure of land propensity for the occurrence of wildfires based on terrain's intrinsic characteristics. In the present study, two stochastic approaches (i.e., extreme learning machine and random forest) for wildfire susceptibility mapping are compared versus a well established deterministic method. The same predisposing variables were combined and used as predictors in all models. The Portuguese region of Dão-Lafões was selected as a pilot site since it presents national average values of fire incidence and a high heterogeneity in land cover and slope. Maps representing the susceptibility of the study area to wildfires were finally elaborated. Two measures were used to compare the different methods, namely the location of the pixels with similar standardized susceptibility and total validation burnt area. Results obtained with the stochastic methods are very alike with the deterministic ones, with the advantage of not depending on a priori knowledge of the phenomenon.

The EC Habitats Directive concentrates on avoidance of damage to sites classified as Special Areas of Conservation (SAC) and Special Protection Areas (SPA), and establishes mechanisms to make sure that residual impacts, after mitigation, are properly taken into account in the decision-making process. There have been a series of key port development cases in which the provisions of the EC Habitats Directive (92/43/EEC) and EC Birds Directive (79/409/EEC) have been tested. A great deal was learnt about the EC Habitats Directive in 1998 when consent was granted for the Harwich Haven Capital Dredge. Subsequent cases have highlighted practical ways in which port development can be delivered in a manner that conforms to the best principles of sustainable development. This paper explores the key learning points that have been gained in the period 1998–2005.

Excess nutrients and agrochemicals from non-point sources contribute to water quality impairment in the Chesapeake Bay watershed and their loading rates are related to land use, agricultural practices, hydrology, and pollutant fate and transport processes. In this study, monthly baseflow stream samples from 15 agricultural subwatersheds of the Choptank River in Maryland USA (2005 to 2007) were characterized for nutrients, herbicides, and herbicide transformation products. High-resolution digital maps of land use and forested wetlands were derived from remote sensing imagery. Examination of landscape metrics and water quality data, partitioned according to hydrogeomorphic class, provided insight into the fate, delivery, and transport mechanisms associated with agricultural pollutants. Mean Nitrate-N concentrations (4.9 mg/L) were correlated positively with percent agriculture (R2 = 0.56) and negatively with percent forest (R2 = 0.60). Concentrations were greater (p = 0.0001) in the well-drained upland (WDU) hydrogeomorphic region than in poorly drained upland (PDU), reflecting increased denitrification and reduced agricultural land use intensity in the PDU landscape due to the prevalence of hydric soils. Atrazine and metolachlor concentrations (mean 0.29 μg/L and 0.19 μg/L) were also greater (p = 0.0001) in WDU subwatersheds than in PDU subwatersheds. Springtime herbicide concentrations exhibited a strong, positive correlation (R2 = 0.90) with percent forest in the WDU subwatersheds but not in the PDU subwatersheds. In addition, forested riparian stream buffers in the WDU were more prevalent than in the PDU where forested patches are typically not located near streams, suggesting an alternative delivery mechanism whereby volatilized herbicides are captured by the riparian forest canopy and subsequently washed off during rainfall. Orthophosphate, CIAT (6-chloro-N-(1-methylethyl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine), CEAT (6-chloro-N-ethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine), and MESA (2-[(2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl) (2-methoxy-1-methylethyl)amino]-2-oxoethanesulfonic acid) were also analyzed. These findings will assist efforts in targeting implementation of conservation practices to the most environmentally-critical areas within watersheds to achieve water quality improvements in a cost-effective manner.

The breeding bird populations at Hutcheson Memorial Forest in central New Jersey, USA, were sampled by mist-netting from 1959 through 1985. Many of the long-distance migrant species, wintering in the neotropics, declined sharply (virtually to zero) during the 1960s. One long-distance migrant species increased as a result of geographical range expansion. One short-distance migrant species, wintering mainly in the southeastern USA, has also increased, whereas resident species (never abundant) seem to have declined slightly. Annual return rates in the first year after banding of long-distance migrants were higher than those for short-distance migrants or resident species. These data are discussed with regard to hypotheses accounting for the declines of neotropical migrants in the northeastern United States. The declines at HMF seem to be a result of ‘leakage’, emigration exceeding immigration of young birds.

Fire has a profound, though paradoxical influence on landscapes of the southeastern U.S.; it simultaneously maintains native biodiversity and ecosystem processes but also threatens silvicultural resources and human landscapes. Furthermore, since the majority of the southern landscape is heavily influenced by human activities, contemporary fire regimes are human managed disturbances within extant fire-dependent ecosystems. Though there is considerable uncertainty in climate projections for the southeastern U.S., climate change will likely impact both prescribed fire and wildfire. In this review, we synthesize climate change-fire interactions, discuss the impacts of uncertainty in a human-dominated landscape, and illuminate how both climate change projections and their uncertainties might impact our ability to manage forests in the Southeast. We define the Southeast region as consisting of the Gulf Coastal Plain, Lower Atlantic Coastal Plain, Piedmont and southern Appalachians and associated subregions. This region has the greatest area burned by prescribed fire, the highest number of wildfires in the continental U.S. and contains globally significant hotspots of biodiversity, much of which is dependent on frequent fire. The use of prescribed fire as a management tool depends on a suite of weather and fuel conditions which are affected by climate. Over the next five decades, general circulation models (GCMs) consistently predict air temperature to increase by 1.5–3 °C in the Southeast. Precipitation forecasts are more uncertain with respect to the mean; but, most models predict an increase in precipitation variability. Increases in the likelihood of severe droughts may increase wildfire occurrence while simultaneously limiting the implementation of prescribed burning by restricting the number of days within current prescription guidelines. While the Southeast has among the highest potential for C storage and sequestration, a reduction in C sequestration capacity due to increasing disturbances such as drought, insect infestations, hurricanes and fire, is possible. The potential for long-term shifts in forest composition from climate-altered fire regimes if coupled with an increased potential for wildfire occurrence could reduce quality and quantity of water released from forests at times when demand for high quality water will intensify for human use. Furthermore, any reduction in prescribed burning is likely to result in decreased biological diversity, particularly in the Coastal Plain, a global hotspot of biodiversity. Lastly, more future area burned by wildfire rather than prescribed fire has the potential to negatively influence regional air quality. Mitigating the negative effects of climate change-fire interactions would require actively exploiting favorable seasonal and inter-annual climate windows. Monitoring the type conversions of agricultural and fiber production forest will be critical for long-term projections of fire risk and watershed impacts of altered fire regimes.

During the next 10 years Brazil’s agricultural area will expand to meet increased domestic and worldwide demand for food, fuel, and fiber. Present choices regarding land use will determine to what degree this expansion will have adverse effects that include soil erosion, reservoir siltation, water quality problems, loss of biodiversity and social conflict, especially around indigenous reservations. This paper presents an up-to-date inventory of soil erosion in Brazil caused by crop and livestock activities and provides estimates based on three different hypothetical land-use scenarios to accommodate the expansion of Brazilian agricultural activity by 2020: Scenario 1 – expansion of cropping into areas of natural vegetation, without adoption of conservation practices; Scenario 2 – expansion of cropping into areas of degraded pasture, without adoption of conservation practices; Scenario 3 – expansion of cropping into areas of degraded pasture, together with conservation practices in 100% of the expanded area. The worst-case scenario involves expansion of agriculture into areas of native vegetation in the Brazilian Savannah (Cerrado) and Brazilian rainforest (Amazon) biomes, and could increase total soil erosion in Brazil (currently about 800 million metric tons a year) by as much as 20%. In the best-case scenario, crop expansion under a conservation agriculture model would utilize currently degraded pasture, especially in the Savannah (circa 40 million hectares), reducing soil erosion in Brazil by around 20%. For this to occur, however, a national soil and water conservation policy needs to be implemented in Brazil to support a sustainable model of agriculture in which the environment can be preserved as much as possible.

Fungi are a diverse group of organisms with an overall global number of 1.5 M up to 3.3 M species on Earth. Besides their ecological roles as decomposers, fungi are important in several aspects of applied research. Here, we review how culture collections may promote the knowledge on diversity, conservation and biotechnological exploitation of fungi. The impact of fungi diversity on biotechnological studies is discussed. We point out the major roles of microbial repositories, including fungal preservation, prospecting, identification, authentication and supply. A survey on the World Data Center for Microorganisms (WDCM) powered by the World Federation for Culture Collections and on the Genetic Heritage Management Council (CGEN) database revealed that 46 Brazilian culture collections registered in these databases are dedicate to preserving fungi. Most of these culture collections are located in the Southeast of Brazil. This scenario also demonstrates that Brazil has many collections focused on fungal strains, but the lack of up-to-date information in WDCM as well as of a solid national platform for culture collections registration do not allow accurate assessment of fungal preservation.

Knowledge about the spatial distribution of seabirds at sea is important for conservation. During marine conservation planning, logistical constraints preclude seabird surveys covering the complete area of interest and spatial distribution of seabirds is frequently inferred from predictive statistical models. Increasingly complex models are available to relate the distribution and abundance of pelagic seabirds to environmental variables, but a comparison of their usefulness for delineating protected areas for seabirds is lacking. Here we compare the performance of five modelling techniques (generalised linear models, generalised additive models, Random Forest, boosted regression trees, and maximum entropy) to predict the distribution of Balearic Shearwaters (Puffinus mauretanicus) along the coast of the western Iberian Peninsula. We used ship transect data from 2004 to 2009 and 13 environmental variables to predict occurrence and density, and evaluated predictive performance of all models using spatially segregated test data. Predicted distribution varied among the different models, although predictive performance varied little. An ensemble prediction that combined results from all five techniques was robust and confirmed the existence of marine important bird areas for Balearic Shearwaters in Portugal and Spain. Our predictions suggested additional areas that would be of high priority for conservation and could be proposed as protected areas. Abundance data were extremely difficult to predict, and none of five modelling techniques provided a reliable prediction of spatial patterns. We advocate the use of ensemble modelling that combines the output of several methods to predict the spatial distribution of seabirds, and use these predictions to target separate surveys assessing the abundance of seabirds in areas of regular use.

We estimate neighbor interactions in deforestation in Costa Rica. To address simultaneity and the presence of spatially correlated unobservables, we measure for neighbors' deforestation using the slopes of neighbors' and neighbors' neighbors' parcels. We find that neighboring deforestation significantly raises the probability of deforestation. Policies for agricultural development or forest conservation in one area will affect deforestation rates in non-targeted neighboring areas. Correct estimation of the interaction reverses the naive estimate's prediction of multiple equilibria.

The implementation of the National Biodiversity Strategies and Actions Plans (NBSAP), as required by Article 6 of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), would improve the base for political decisions by quantifying the costs and benefits of biodiversity conservation in monetary terms and by illustrating the benefits of related ecosystem services (ESS). However, so far the costs and benefits of the NBSAP have not been routinely estimated. This paper presents results from research quantifying the financial costs and benefits of implementing a set of measures based on the National Strategy on Biological Diversity in Germany (NBS). Based on the NBS and the Quality Status Reports of the EU Habitat Directive, a conservation program was developed consisting of land use changes for six ecosystems/land use types: forests, arable land, grassland, peatlands, wetlands and dry habitats. In addition to the benefits of maintaining biodiversity, two potential ESS benefits of the NBS, water purification and climate mitigation, are estimated as well as the financial costs of implementation. A nationwide contingent valuation study was undertaken to determine the benefits of maintaining biodiversity as a result of the conservation program. The benefits of the conservation program with regard to the ESS water purification are calculated for N-reduction in the leachate and based on abatement costs. The contribution of nature conservation to climate mitigation is calculated for the avoidance of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and based on damage costs. The results of the study indicate that the implementation of the NBS would lead to significant financial costs, but the benefits would exceed the financial costs of measures.

Managing marine resources is a contentious and complicated process. There are various users with competing objectives, especially in the case of artisanal and recreational fisheries management. Managers must consider not only the biological sustainability of the resources, but also account for the socioeconomic objectives of the fishery users, particularly in developing countries. In-person surveys were implemented with artisanal fishers that target billfish in Ghana and with recreational charter boat anglers that target billfish in Senegal. Data from the survey were used to compile financial performance indicators that describe the sustainability of the operations. In addition social and resource management perception data were collected in each location. The results of the study indicate that both fleets exhibit positive profit levels. Although fishers in both study locations perceived a declining billfish resource, they were largely unwilling to accept management measures to improve the resource. If management measures were to be considered for the artisanal fleet, managers should simultaneously introduce mechanisms to improve the technological storage capacity of harvested fish and training on saving schemes for artisanal fishers. Managers should also monitor the number of recreational vessels and their effort in Senegal. Performance indicators such as these are applicable and appropriate for quantitatively assessing the profitability of fishing fleets.

There are four endemic species of Amazona parrots in the Lesser Antilles, namely the imperial or Sisserou parrot Amazona imperialis and the red-necked or Jaco parrot A. arausiaca of the Commonwealth of Dominica, the St Lucia parrot A. versicolor of St Lucia, and the St Vincent parrot A. guildingii of St Vincent and The Grenadines. Seven other endemic members of the same family, Psittacidae, have become extinct in the region in historical times. These four extant species are now all threatened by deforestation, predation, illegal hunting and collecting, and natural disasters. Measures for parrot conservation consist of environmental education, habitat protection, enforcement of appropriate legislation, and enhancement of wild breeding and captive breeding. These approaches are reviewed for each of the islands and compared with the relatively successful but much more expensive conservation measures adopted for the Puerto Rican parrot A. vittata in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Recommendations are made for future conservation emphasis and research.

Capuchin monkeys (Cebus spp. and Sapajus spp.) and coatis (Nasua spp.) coexist in most neotropical forests, including small forest remnants. Both capuchins and coatis eat fruit and disperse seeds, but little is known about whether their roles in seed dispersal are redundant or complementary. We compiled 49 studies from the literature on feeding by capuchins and/or coatis, of which 19 were comprehensive enough for our analyses. We determined the relative importance of fruit eating to each species and compared their diets. Additionally, we analysed the structure of three fruit–frugivore networks built with both animal groups and the fruits they eat and evaluated whether fruit traits influenced the network topology. Fruits represented the largest part of capuchin and coati diets, even though coatis have been known for their opportunistic and generalist diets. Capuchins and coatis also exhibited similar general diet parameters (niche breadth and trophic diversity). The three networks exhibited high connectance values and variable niche overlap. A Multiple Correspondence Analysis, failed to detect any trait or trait combination related to food use. In conclusion, capuchins and coatis both have generalist diets; they feed on many different species of fruits and exhibit important complementarity as seed dispersers. Both are likely to be particularly important seed dispersers in disturbed and fragmented forests.

Indigo Snakes (Drymarchon; with five currently recognized species) occur from northern Argentina, northward to the United States in southern Texas and eastward in disjunct populations in Florida and Georgia. Based on this known allopatry and a difference in supralabial morphology the two United States taxa previously considered as subspecies within D. corais (Boie 1827), the Western Indigo Snake, D. melanurus erebennus (Cope 1860), and Eastern Indigo Snake, D. couperi (Holbrook 1842), are currently recognized as separate species. Drymarchon couperi is a Federally-designated Threatened species by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service under the Endangered Species Act, and currently being incorporated into a translocation program. This, combined with its disjunct distribution makes it a prime candidate for studying speciation and genetic divergence. In this study, we (1) test the hypothesis that D. m. erebennus and D. couperi are distinct lineages by analyzing 2411 base pairs (bp) of two mitochondrial (mtDNA) loci and one single copy nuclear (scnDNA) locus; (2) estimate the timing of speciation using a relaxed phylogenetics method to determine if Milankovitch cycles during the Pleistocene might have had an influence on lineage diversifications; (3) examine historical population demography to determine if identified lineages have undergone population declines, expansions, or remained stable during the most recent Milankovitch cycles; and (4) use this information to assist in an effective and scientifically sound translocation program. Our molecular data support the initial hypothesis that D. melanurus and D. couperi should be recognized as distinct species, but further illustrate that D. couperi is split into two distinct genetic lineages that correspond to historical biogeography and sea level changes in peninsular Florida. These two well-supported genetic lineages (herein termed Atlantic and Gulf lineages) illustrate a common biogeographic distributional break previously identified for other plants and animals, suggesting that these organisms might have shared a common evolutionary history related to historic sea level changes caused by Milankovitch cycles. Our estimated divergence times suggest that the most recent common ancestor (MRCA) between D. melanurus and southeastern United States Drymarchon occurred ca. 5.9 Ma (95% HPD = 2.5–9.8 Ma; during the late Blancan of the Pleistocene through the Hemphillian of the Miocene), whereas the MRCA between the Atlantic and Gulf lineages in the southeastern United States occurred ca. 2.0 Ma (95% HPD = 0.7–3.7 Ma; during the Irvingtonian of the Pleistocene through the Blancan of the Pliocene). During one or more glacial intervals within these times, these two lineages must have become separated and evolved independently. Despite numerous Milankovitch cycles along with associated forming of physical barriers (i.e., sea level fluctuations, high elevation sand ridges, clayey soils, and/or insufficient habitats) since their initial lineage diversification, these two lineages have likely come in and out of contact with each other many times, yet today they still illustrate near discrete geographic distributions. Although the Atlantic and Gulf lineages appear to be cryptic, a thorough study examining morphological characters should be conducted. We believe that our molecular data is crucial and should be incorporated in making conscious decisions in the management of a translocation program. We suggest that source populations for translocations include maintaining the integrity of the known genetic lineages found herein, as well as those coming from the closest areas that currently support sizable Drymarchon populations.

The Beijing–Tianjin Sandstorm Source Region (BTSSR) is the main sandstorm source area in northern China, which plays a crucial role in ecological safety and sustainable development of Beijing and the neighbouring areas. As a result of climate change, ecological restoration and anthropogenic activities, the ecosystem in the BTSSR has experienced substantial changes over the recent decades. The main objective of this study is to quantify the dominant ecosystem services from 2000 to 2010, based upon observations and biophysical models. Furthermore, we investigated the role of climatic variability and ecological restoration program in vegetation activity and ecosystem services. Although the slight increase, both in precipitation and temperature during 2000–2010 and despite the implemented ecological rehabilitation, several drought events offset the ecological rehabilitation program. During 2000–2010, both the overall soil conservation and hydrological regulation functions were slightly enhanced. The carbon sequestration remained stable and food production has sharply increased. The increasing rainfall erosivity has intensified water erosion, whereas the reduction in wind speed weakened wind erosion and thereby reduced the sandstorm events. Vegetation restoration induced by the climatic variability and ecological program has also played a positive role in soil conservation and hydrological regulation enhancement. The spatial correlation analysis indicated the synergies between multiple regulating ecosystem services. Moreover, a synergy between food yield and vegetation carbon sequestration (biomass production) has been identified as well. The experience of ecological rehabilitation and ecosystem change in the BTSSR has exemplified the ecological conservation should take climatic variability into account, and facilitate the synergies on multiple ecosystem services in order to maximize the ecosystem's benefits to human well-being.

A wetland, converted to agriculture in the mid-1970s, was restored to re-establish a non-riverine wet hardwood forest community in eastern North Carolina. Three surface techniques were implemented during construction to determine their effect on successfully restoring target wetland hydrology. The surface treatments, replicated within a randomized complete block design, were: plugging field ditches without altering the land surface (PLUG), plugging the field ditches and roughening the surface (ROUGH), and plugging the field ditches and removing the field crown (CR). Hydrologic conditions for the restoration and a nearby reference site were evaluated based on three years of monitoring data. Daily water table depths between the restoration and reference were within 11 cm on average. An initial evaluation found inconsistencies of treatment effect between blocks, and an as-built survey later confirmed surface elevations within Block 3 deviated from the intended design and was excluded from further analysis. Water table and outflow conditions for the remaining treatment plots and the reference were evaluated using several hydrologic criteria. The CR treatment was found to produce the wettest surface conditions and exported the lowest volume of outflow. For the majority of criterion considered, CR also produced significantly wetter conditions than the reference. The PLUG and ROUGH treatments produced similar hydrologic conditions and tracked closely with the median hydrologic conditions in the reference. Based on the results of this study and several others in low lying coastal areas, plugging pre-existing field ditches may be adequate to restore jurisdictional wetland hydrology and match reference hydrologic conditions. However, surface roughening is low cost method to increase surface storage and introduce microtopographic diversity. For many areas, the removal of existing field crown may be cost-prohibitive and produce wetter than desired conditions. Crown removal should be reserved for sites which have borderline historic wetland hydrologic characteristics.

The overall goal of the Habitats Directive is to maintain or restore natural habitats and species in a favourable conservation status. An important role in the implementation process is assigned to science. For three core elements, defining the favourable conservation status, development of best practice measures, and monitoring of the conservation status, we outline how science can support decision making. To do so, we use experiences from the ongoing process in Flanders (northern Belgium). First, when determining the favourable conservation status, information on reference values are embedded in a specifically developed calibration model where thresholds on range, area, and quality are set for habitats. Subsequently, socio-economical requirements are taken into consideration, without compromising the favourable conservation status. When it comes to conducting measures, science adds to the knowledge on developing and optimizing cost-effective conservation and restoration management measures. Finally, monitoring of the conservation status will be based on the principle of statistically sound methodologies, enabling the identification of reliability in the assessments made. For habitats, information on area will be gathered through a surface-covering mapping, while quality will be assessed via a sample-oriented monitoring scheme. For species, maximal collaboration with non-governmental organisations will be undertaken, with scientific support on data recording and processing. Overall, the obtained insights will help policy makers to define the framework and set priorities, take the appropriate measures, and keep a finger on the pulse through monitoring data.

In the search for solutions to social and environmental challenges, all world nations have contributions to give. Brazil is no exception. On the contrary, as a megadiverse country and emerging economic power, it has a central role in this process. Between 1995 and 2014 the country made important improvements in terms of human development, including higher education and environmental protection. However, the current economic and political crisis threatens such advances. By reducing science funding and sidelining scientific advice in strategic environmental decisions, Brazil has veered off its path to sustainability, and several positive trends have already been reversed. If Brazil is to contribute to solving the challenges of improving human well-being and conserving biodiversity, it must renew its commitment to science, education and democracy.

In the western Atlantic region, the contribution of mangrove food sources to fish diets has been considered of more limited importance than previously expected due to the proximity of mangroves to adjacent potential food sources such as those in seagrass beds. To investigate the influence of different types of mangrove habitats on the relative contribution of mangrove and seagrass food sources in fish diets, four mangrove habitats adjacent to seagrass beds were studied in Florida and Belize using gut-contents and stable-isotope analyses: mangrove fringe forests, basin mangrove, mangrove ponds and overwash mangrove islets. Carbon and nitrogen stable isotope compositions of 41 fish taxa and an array of potential primary (microphytobenthos, litter, seagrass leaves and their epiphytes, algae, plankton) and secondary (benthic invertebrates) prey were analyzed with SIAR mixing models to examine food source contributions in fish diets relative to habitat type. In all study sites, δ13C values of mangrove prey were significantly depleted relative to those from seagrass beds, allowing stable isotopes to provide reliable insights about origins of fish food. Seagrass prey located near basin mangroves in the Indian River Lagoon (IRL, Florida) had more negative δ13C signatures than seagrass prey adjacent to fringing mangroves of the Florida Keys, suggesting that seagrass from the IRL incorporated dissolved inorganic carbon from mangroves. Contributions of mangrove and seagrass prey to fish diets were influenced by type of mangrove habitat and fish residency status. Resident species significantly relied on mangrove prey, whereas only four transients foraged in mangroves. Most transient fishes occurring in basin and fringing mangroves actively foraged in nearby seagrass beds, thus reinforcing the limited role of mangroves as fish foraging habitat for transient species. However, a shift in fish diet was observed for transient species from mangrove ponds, in which they relied on mangrove prey. In overwash mangroves (Belize), the enriched carbon signatures of fishes and the generally higher contributions of seagrass prey to fish diets suggest that fishes derived most of their food from seagrass beds. This trend was particularly highlighted for juvenile reef fishes that shelter in mangroves but forage in nearby seagrass beds. These findings emphasize the importance of considering fish ecology (residency and life status) and type of mangrove habitat when assessing the contribution of mangrove prey to fish food webs in the western Atlantic region.

Twenty years ago, Desender and Turin (1989) analysed the changes in the composition of carabid beetles in four NW European countries between the periods <1950 and 1950–1985. Recently, a new distribution atlas of carabid beetles in Belgium was compiled using data collected during the period 1986–2008. In the light of the Countdown2010 target of halting the loss of biodiversity, we used these new data to test whether or not previously observed trends were altered. Since 1950, 46 species were no longer recorded in Belgium and seven species were added to the Belgian fauna. By relating the changes in distribution area to ecological and life history traits as well as to conservation priorities of the species, we examined which species characteristics were associated with the strongest changes in distribution. Comparing the period before 1950 with the period 1950–1985 showed that species from nutrient-poor dry biotopes and heathlands, threatened, rare and big species declined. Generalists, non-threatened species, species with a pan-European distribution range, species in the centre of their distribution range and common species, on the other hand, increased. From the period 1950–1985 to 1986–2008, mainly macropterous species, both rare and very common species and big species decreased, while generalists, dimorphic species, species with a pan-European distribution range and species that were already common in the second period increased. For the conservation of carabid beetles in a strongly industrialised and highly fragmented NW European landscape, we propose actions on two levels: first, the protection and adequate management of high quality biotopes, especially nutrient-poor grasslands and heathlands, in large core areas for specialist species and second, the creation and/or restoration of a ‘matrix’ that facilitates the exchange of individuals between core areas for the conservation of both generalist and specialist species.

Riparian buffers of native warm season (WSG) or non-native cool season (CSG) species are commonly planted along margins of crop fields as part of the USDA Conservation Reserve Program. The soil, water and wildlife enhancement values of these buffers are well researched and documented. However, their conservation value for biological control is largely unknown. In this study, we examined and compared arthropod communities in WSG and CSG buffers and focused specifically on their influence on natural enemy populations in adjacent crops. Plant diversity measurements and relative estimates of epigeal and canopy-dwelling arthropods using pitfall trapping and sticky cards were recorded in 29 buffers of each grass type and adjoining crop fields during two years in Maryland. We predicted that the structurally more diverse and less stressed WSG buffers are more suitable for enhancing arthropod biodiversity and provide greater conservation value for natural enemies. Results demonstrated that the composition and relative abundances of most epigeal and canopy-dwelling taxa in both grass buffers corresponded with the composition and relative abundances of those taxa in neighboring crops, suggesting population linkage and movement of taxa between buffer and crop habitats. However, warm and cool season grasses in riparian buffers were inhabited by dissimilar arthropod communities in terms of taxa richness, abundance and composition, which in turn influenced differently the beneficial arthropod communities in adjacent crops. Contrary to our hypothesis, cool season grasses supported greater abundances of most beneficial arthropods in buffers and also enhanced their populations in adjacent crop fields, especially early in the growing season. Beneficial taxa responses were likely linked to differences in the early season phenology of the grass types. Although WSG buffers are green and actively growing during the summer, CSG grasses break dormancy earlier in the spring and provide higher quality food for many arthropod taxa that serve as prey and hosts for predators and parasitoids. Given this early season advantage, the addition of perennial flowering forbs to the CSG mixes is suggested to enhance their conservation value by improving structural complexity and providing floral resources to support natural enemy populations.

The existence of regime shifts and alternative stable states in ecosystems is well known and has very large effects on their structure and dynamics. Since shifts between alternative stable states have significant implications for the ecosystems conservation, their prevention should be an aim of primary interest, and for this reason a particular attention has been paid to their study. Regarding marine ecosystems, rocky intertidal habitats, in particular, represent an ideal system for the study of alternative stable states because of their characteristics: they exhibit strong environmental gradients, are easy to manipulate, and most of the inhabiting species grow rapidly. Given the socio-ecological importance and the vulnerability of intertidal rocky systems to multiple pressures, a specific review on these habitats is valuable for a better understanding of the functioning mechanisms of regime shifts. In this review, we examine the different approaches, both experimental and modeling, used to explore regime shifts and alternative states within rocky intertidal habitats. We also analyse the development and use in intertidal systems of new metrics able to signal in advance an approaching transition. Lastly, we discuss the existing knowledge gaps and highlight the management weaknesses of the study of regime shifts in the framework of ecosystem conservation.

Numerous difficulties await those creating regional-scale environmental assessments, from data having inconsistent spatial or temporal scales to poorly-understood environmental processes and indicators. Including socioeconomic variables further complicates assessments. While statistical or process-based regional environmental assessment models may be computationally or financially expensive, we propose a simple nonparametric outcomes-based approach using a directional distance function from the efficiency and productivity analysis literature. The regional environmental–economic directional distance function characterizes the relative efficiency of geographic units in combining multiple inputs to produce multiple desirable and undesirable socioeconomic and environmental outputs. This function makes no assumptions about the functional relationships among variables, but by quantifying the extent to which desirable outputs can be expanded and inputs and undesirable outputs contracted, the function can help decisionmakers identify the most important broad-scale management and restoration opportunities across a heterogeneous region. A case study involving 134 watersheds in the Mid-Atlantic region of the USA indicates that, depending on which outputs are specified as desirable in the models, 25%–33% of the watersheds are efficient in producing desirable outputs while minimizing inputs and undesirable outputs. Models including socioeconomic indicators exhibit increased watershed efficiency compared to models using only environmental indicators. Efficiency levels appear to be correlated with ecoregions.

Iguaçu National Park, which contains the largest remnant of Atlantic Forest in southern Brazil and Iguaçu Falls as one of its main visiting points, is a year-round attraction for thousands of domestic and international tourists. Ring-tailed coatis are generalist, opportunistic carnivores that benefit from human association. These animals are the most abundant carnivores in this park, where they come into close contact with tourists and the resident population around the park. Moreover, as the park is surrounded by human dwellings, free roaming domestic dogs are frequently present, favoring the exchange of pathogens with wild animals. Wild carnivores are known to be infected with several pathogens, from viruses to arthropods, some of them passed on by domestic carnivores. Among the nematodes that infect wild carnivores, those of the Onchocercidae family are of concern due to their zoonotic potential. The objective of this research was to assess the prevalence of filarial nematodes in coatis and dogs in Iguaçu National Park, as well as the potential impact of infection on host health and body condition. To this end, 75 coatis and 50 adult dogs were captured in the aforementioned area. Seven species of filarioids, Dirofilaria immitis, Dirofilaria repens, Acanthocheilonema reconditum, Brugia sp., Mansonella sp. and two undetermined species, confirmed by histochemical tests, were diagnosed in the area. Knott's concentration test in coatis and dogs showed a prevalence of 81.6% and 16.0%, respectively. Seven microfilarial morphotypes were diagnosed in the coatis and two morphotypes were found in the dogs. A specific immunoassay test for Dirofilaria immitis revealed the presence of D. immitis infection in 1.33% of the coatis and 22% of the domestic dogs. The parasitic infection had negligible effects on the body condition of both dog and coati hosts, but an increase was found in eosinophil counts in coatis with filarial infection, as well as decreases in hematocrit and hemoglobin in the infected domestic dogs. These findings represent new locality and host records for all the filarioids diagnosed in the area of this study, with some of the diagnosed parasites, given their zoonotic potential, representing a health risk for park visitors and the local population.

Brasilocaenis Puthz, 1975 is a South American genus of Caenidae (Ephemeroptera). Except for their very distinct male genitalia, the species of this genus are morphologically similar to South American species of Caenis. We analysed the phylogenetic relationships among Brasilocaenis and related genera using morphological characters of both nymphs and adults and cladistic methods. This first phylogenetic analysis of Brasilocaenis was based on a matrix of 20 species, including six species of Brasilocaenis and 14 species of different genera (Alloretochus, Caenis, Clypeocaenis and Tasmanocaenis), and 35 characters analysed under implied weights (k = 3). The analysis supports the monophyly of Brasilocaenis with a single synapomorphy — forceps fused with the styliger plate. South American Caenis form a paraphyletic group, with Brasilocaenis nested among them. Biogeographical analysis (spatial analysis of vicariance) based on distributional records for each species revealed seven vicariant events, the most important of which are: (i) a north-south separation coincident with a split between the Amazon and Atlantic forests, and (ii) two west-east separations in tropical South America indicating different historical events. We additionally describe Brasilocaenis atawallpa sp. n. from male imagos from Colombia, and suggest an amended diagnosis to include Brasilocaenis amacayacu n. comb. and Brasilocaenis elidioi n. comb.

mproved accessibility and resolution of remote sensing data has many potential applications for monitoring habitats and species for conservation. The aim of this study was to develop a methodology to identify suitable habitat for the umbrella species Tetrao urogallus in a large area in the French Pyrénées. The focus of this study was on factors affecting T. urogallus distribution which can be identified accurately using earth observation data; the vegetation mosaic and the forest cover ratio which describe the forest fragmentation level. A landcover map was derived from SPOT-5 images (10 m spatial resolution) using a fuzzy classification combined with a knowledge-based classification. Using ground truth data two different vegetation mosaics were identified, the first corresponding to the nesting habitat and the second to the winter habitat of T. urogallus. An aggregative method using the software CLAPAS was employed to derive from the original landcover map a map of vegetation mosaics and a forest cover ratio map using a moving window of 10 ha. These two maps were combined and suitable habitat for T. urogallus was considered as: all the areas where the mosaic of vegetation types is similar to the composition of the T. urogallus reference habitat (winter or nesting), where the forest cover ratio is between 10% and 80%, and where they fall within the altitudinal range of 1200–2300 m. Validation was carried out using ground truth species distribution data which showed that the areas indicated as suitable for T. urogallus covered 95% of the reference habitats of the species. Results of habitat suitability modelling, such as in the current study, indicate that conservation strategy must aim to tackle habitat fragmentation, both by maintaining connectivity within the metapopulation system, but also through active management to re-establish connectivity between spatially distinct populations.

Information about tick fauna and monitoring of pathogen prevalences in ticks (Acari: Ixodidae) in various habitat types can enhance knowledge about the epidemiology of tick-borne pathogens in Brazil. This work shows the results of a study of tick parasitism of wild rodents and marsupials collected in seven localities in the southern part of Brazil, within Atlantic Forest and Cerrado biomes. A total of 61 ticks were collected from small mammals, and after identification to the species level, the ticks were individually tested for the presence of bacteria of the genera Rickettsia, Borrelia, family Anaplasmataceae, and protozoa of the genus Babesia. The following species of ticks were found: Amblyomma ovale Koch, 1844, Amblyomma dubitatum Neumann, 1899, Amblyomma fuscum Neumann, 1907, Ixodes aragaoi Fonseca, 1935, Ixodes fuscipes Koch, 1844, Ixodes loricatus Neumann, 1899, and Ixodes schulzei Aragão and Fonseca, 1951. Among tested ticks, no DNA of Borrelia, Babesia or Anaplasmataceae was detected. Two nymphs of A. ovale were found infected with Rickettsia bellii and four nymphs of I. aragaoi with Rickettsia sp., genetically close to Rickettsia monacensis, Rickettsia tamurae and the endosymbiont Rickettsia spp., previously found in various Ixodidae. In one nymph of A. fuscum, DNA of a novel Hepatozoon sp. was found. Additionally we provide novel tick-host associations.

More than half of the world's population inhabit urban areas, causing significant environmental changes. In underdeveloped countries this fact is expressed in a chaotic manner, generating social and structural problems. The city of Rio de Janeiro is a megalopolis known worldwide for its natural beauties, including beaches and forests and because of favelas (subnormal clusters of houses of economically poor people).The favelas are composed of a mosaic of cultures which reflects even in urban afforestation. In this work we characterize the afforestation structure of a favela to understand its ecological and social functionalities. The survey was conducted in the favela Morro da Formiga, with an area of approximately 30 ha. It was conducted through a census and using the list of species, a classification based on 11 parameters was carried out. 1,042 individuals were found, belonging to 110 genera, 148 species and 42 families. The most abundant species shows that the planters intend is, leastwise partially, generating an extra-support for community in terms of feeding fruits (62% of the subjects had this purpose). In relation to the nature thereof, the natives species represents 54% of the total, while the exotic species 39%. About 50% of the trees are in the backyards of houses and a few in squares and streets. It was found that 70% of individuals were planted by residents. Studies are needed to identify which native species can replace community demands currently supplied by exotic species that have been used for decades. The "forestation" in favelas is quite distinct from that implemented by the city hall in more urbanized areas. In favelas, the species reflect more about the knowledge of the local population, their backgrounds and needs.

Sugar maple (Acer Saccharum Marsh.) damage resulting from a severe ice storm was modeled and mapped over eastern Ontario using pre- and post-storm Landsat 5 imagery and environmental data. Visual damage estimates in 104 plots and corresponding reflectance and environmental data were divided into multiple, mutually exclusive training and reference datasets for damage classification evaluation. Damage classification accuracy was compared among four methods: multiple regression, linear discriminant analysis, maximum likelihood, and neural networks. Using the best classifier, various stratification methods were assessed for potential inflationary effects on classification accuracy due to spatial proximity between training and reference data. Of the classifiers that were evaluated, neural networks performed best. Neural networks ‘learn’ training data accurately (94% overall), but classify proximate reference data less accurately (65%), and distant, spatially independent reference data least accurately (55%). Results indicate that, while remotely sensed and environmental data cannot discriminate among many levels of deciduous ice storm damage, they can by considered useful for differentiating areas of low to medium damage from areas of severe damage (69% accuracy). Such classification methods can provide regional damage maps more objectively than point-based visual estimates or aerial sketch mapping and aid in identification of areas of severe damage where management intervention may be advantageous.

Birds may use urban parks as shelter and refuge, contributing with numerous ecosystem services upon which humans and other organisms depend on. To safeguard these services, it is important that bird communities of urban environments hold some degree of resilience, which refers to the capacity of a system to absorb disturbances and changes, while maintaining its functions and structures. Here we assessed the resilience of the bird community inhabiting an urban park in the Southeast region of Brazil. We classified birds in feeding guilds and identified discontinuities and aggregations of body masses (i.e., scales) using hierarchical cluster analysis. We then calculated five resilience indices for our urban park and for a preserved continuous forest (reference area): the average richness of functions, diversity of functions, evenness of functions, and redundancy of functions within- and cross-scale. The urban park had less species, lower feeding guild richness, and lower within-scale redundancy than the reference area. However, they had similar proportion of species in each function, diversity of functions, evenness of functions, and cross-scale redundancy. The lower species richness and, consequently, the lack of some species performing some ecological functions may be responsible for the overall lower resilience in the urban park. Our results suggest that the bird community of the urban park is in part resilient, as it maintained many biological functions, indicating some environmental quality despite the high anthropogenic impacts of this area. We believe that urban forest remnants with more complex and diverse vegetation are possibly more likely to maintain higher resilience in the landscape than open field parks or parks with suppressed or altered vegetation. We propose that raising resilience in the urban park would possibly involve increasing vegetation complexity and heterogeneity, which could increase biodiversity in a large scale.

Accelerated soil erosion, driven by anthropogenic activities such as conversion of natural ecosystems to agroecosystems and mechanical tillage, has numerous adverse impacts on ecosystem services. In addition to degrading soil quality and reducing agronomic/biomass productivity on-site through a decrease in use-efficiency of inputs, off-site impacts of accelerated erosion include eutrophication and contamination, sedimentation of reservoirs and waterways, and emissions of greenhouse gases (e.g., CO2, CH4 and N2O). While advancing food and nutritional security, adoption of restorative land use and recommended management practices are important to strengthening numerous ecosystem services such as improving water quality and renewability, increasing below and above-ground biodiversity, enhancing soil resilience to climate change and extreme events, and mitigating climate change by sequestering C in soil and reducing the emission of CO2, CH4 and N2O. An effective control of accelerated erosion is essential to sustainable development and improving the environment.

Plantation forestry is increasing in frequency and extent across the landscape, but can negatively impact biodiversity by promoting stand homogeneity and early-seral species dominance. Modifying silvicultural prescriptions in plantations, particularly with respect to creating or retaining more coarse woody debris (CWD), may improve their ability to support biodiversity, by mimicking some aspects of natural disturbance. We used a modified before-after-control-impact design to examine the response of understory vascular plants to four treatments in 25-year-old white spruce plantations of northwestern New Brunswick. Treatments included commercial thinning (CT) with enhanced, moderate, or no debris, as well as an unthinned control. Understory composition was analyzed using complementary methods that summarize biological communities at different resolutions: indicator species analysis, functional group responses, ordination, and biodiversity indices. Understory plants increased in overall richness and abundance after thinning, particularly in no-debris treatments. This was driven by (1) expansion of pre-established clonal forest herbs and (2) invasion of graminoids and long-distance dispersers. Several disturbance-sensitive species were significantly more abundant in unthinned controls. Few compositional differences were observed between the moderate and enhanced debris treatments, perhaps because the effects of CWD creation require longer to detect than those of thinning and ground-layer disturbance (from debris-removal). We recommend (1) continued monitoring of changes in moderate and enhanced treatments to determine the effects of debris-modification and (2) avoiding silvicultural prescriptions that remove branches, tree-tops, and other non-merchantable wood, which appear to facilitate early-seral species, and negatively impact disturbance-sensitive species.

Alerces National Park, created in 1937 to protect temperate forest ecosystems in Argentina's southern Andes, contains 42 families within its borders. Grazing is the principal livelihood strategy of most park inhabitants. Domesticated animals, however, are not compatible with the conservation objectives of park authorities, who are promoting tourism as a sustainable alternative to livestock. Park inhabitants are less enthusiastic about tourism. They lack a meaningful role in negotiating rights to land and resources, and they have been marginalised from conservation planning. This could be alleviated by titling parts of Alerces National Park to park inhabitants and providing them with shared management responsibilities.

fter clearcutting xerothermic oakwoods once natural in semiarid temperate loess regions of Hungary the perennial understorey grass Brachypodium pinnatum (L.) Beauv. may persist through decades and often dominates grasslands maintained by grazing and/or cutting in the place of former oakwoods. This grass also successfully establishes from low- to high-light microenvironments co-ocurring as forest regeneration commences after pasture abandonment. It was assumed that B. pinnatum must possess a high degree of phenotypic plasticity for such an ecological versatility. This assumption was tested by comparing leaf and shoot morphology and leaf photochemistry in the species’ three typical microenvironments (full shade under oak canopy, half shade near shrubs, and full sun in unshaded grassland) for plants growing in situ and for those reciprocally transplanted between these microhabitats. Aboveground standing crop of B. pinnatum was greatest near shrubs, indicating that in this microhabitat light limitation (typical in oak shade) and water stress (appearing temporarily in the grassland) are ameliorated. Average leaf lifespan was greatest under oak canopy, while leaf senescence was highest in the grassland. An efficient adjustment to low light was observed both in leaf morphology (specific leaf mass, leaf thickness and bulk tissue density were lowest in oak shade) and in leaf photochemistry (quantum yield of PSII (ΦPSII), photochemical quenching (qP), and non-photochemical energy dissipation (NPQ) were lower, while PSII antenna efficiency (Fv’/Fm’) was higher for leaves in oak shade than for others). Transplanted plants showed remarkable phenotypic plasticity since after one year of transfer their leaves did not differ in photochemistry and/or morphology from those growing in situ in the new microenvironment. However, transplants appeared to be more sensitive to the high radiation load in the grassland than in situ ones. Our results confirm the high capacity of B. pinnatum for phenotypical adjustment to habitat light environment, that is consistent with the species’ original forest-steppe coenological affinity and also may contribute to the species’ persistence after deforestation. Nevertheless, temporary water stress associated with high radiation load in the unshaded grassland appear to pose a limitation on the ecological distribution of this species in Central Europe.

A small and genetically isolated bottlenose dolphin (Tursiops truncatus) population resides year-round in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago-Panama (BDT). Photo-identification and genetic data showed that this dolphin population is highly phylopatric and is formed exclusively by individuals of the “inshore form”. This study aimed to investigate the trophic ecology and mercury concentrations of bottlenose dolphins in BDT to assess their coastal habits. We collected muscle samples (n = 175) of 11 potential fish prey species, and skin samples from free-ranging dolphins in BDT (n = 37) and La Guajira-Colombia (n = 7) to compare isotopic niche width. Results showed that BDT dolphins have a coastal feeding habit, belong to the “inshore form” (δ13C = −13.05 ± 1.89‰), and have low mercury concentrations (mean = 1637 ± 1387 ng g−1dw). However, this element is biomagnified in the BDT food chain, showing a marginal dolphins health risk (RQ = 1.00). We call for a monitoring pollutant program and conservation strategies aimed to protect the dolphin population at BDT.

Humans and freshwater ecosystems have a long history of cohabitation. Today, nearly all major rivers of the world have an in-stream structure which changes water flow, substrate composition, vegetation, and fish assemblage composition. The realization of these effects and their subsequent impacts on population sustainability and conservation has led to a collective effort aimed to find ways to mitigate these impacts. Barrier removal has recently received greater interest as a potential solution to restore river connectivity, and reestablish high quality habitats, suitable for feeding, refuge and spawning of fish. In the present study, we present thirty years of data from electrofishing surveys obtained at two sites, both prior to and following the removal of a small-scale hydropower dam in Central Jutland, Denmark. We demonstrate that the dam removal has led to a dramatic increase in trout density, especially in young of the year. Surprisingly, we found that this increase was not just upstream of the barrier, where the ponded zone previously was, but also downstream of the barrier, despite little changes in habitat in that area. These findings suggest that barrier removal may be the soundest conservation option to reinstate fish population productivity.

We apply a linear regression mixed effects model to explore the influence of landscape factors on nitrate-N concentrations in a coastal watershed of Portugal. Landscape composition and configuration metrics, together with variables assessing the physical characteristics of the study area, were used. The analysis was performed using seasonal data from the years 2001 and 2006. The seasonal influence was included as a random effect to account for temporal correlations. Together, the fixed and the random factors explain 78% of the variance, whereas the fixed factors alone explain 10%. Urban, slope, elevation and aggregation index of urban class contribute to the differences found in the NO3−-N concentrations. Urban has the weakest effect, whereas slope and elevation show a conditioned negative effect on nitrate-N. The effect of slope gets stronger for higher standard deviations of elevation and the effect of the standard deviation of elevation, measuring the variation of elevation within a sub-watershed, gets stronger for steeper slopes. Of the configuration class level metrics included in the analysis, only aggregation index of urban played a significant role in the final model, and it revealed to be related to urban percentage. The influence of landscape configuration metrics, though observed by others, was not obvious in this study. Future analysis evaluating the effect of metrics selection could be performed.

Microsatellite DNA polymorphisms were screened in seven populations of the largest Neotropical predator, the Black caiman Melanosuchus niger (n = 169), originating from Brazil, French Guiana and Ecuador. Eight loci were used, for a total of 62 alleles. The Ecuadorian population had the lowest number of alleles, heterozygosity and gene diversity; populations of the Guianas region exhibited intermediate diversities; highest values were recorded in the two populations of the Amazon and Rio Negro. During the last century Melanosuchus populations have been reduced to 1–10% of their initial levels because of hunting pressure, but no strong loss of genetic diversity was observed. Both the inter-locus g-test and the Pk distribution suggested no recent important recovery and/or expansion of current populations. On a global scale, the inter-population variation of alleles indicated strong differentiation (FST = 0.137).Populations were significantly isolated from each other, with rather limited gene flow; however, these gene flow levels are sufficiently high for recolonization processes to effectively act at regional scales. In French Guiana, genetic structuring is observed between populations of two geographically close but ecologically distinct habitats, an estuary and a swamp. Similar divergence is observed in Brazil between geographically proximate “black water” and “white water” populations. As a consequence, the conservation strategy of the Black caiman should include adequate ecosystem management, with strong attention to preservation of habitat integrity. Distribution of genetic diversity suggests that current populations originated from the central Amazonian region. Dispersal of the species may thus have been deeply influenced by major climatic changes during the Holocene/Pleistocene period, when the Amazonian hydrographic networks were altered. Major ecological changes such as glaciations, marine transgressions and a hypothesized presence of an Amazonian Lake could have resulted in extension of Black caiman habitats followed by isolation.

A number of governance mechanisms address socio-environmental challenges associated with commodity agriculture in tropical forested countries. Governance mechanisms that prove effective in one agricultural sector are often applied to other sectors as well. For example, voluntary certification programs have been adopted by producers of commodities as diverse as beef, coffee, palm oil, and soy. However, there are substantial differences in the extent to which governance mechanisms scale up and achieve impact in different sectors. This paper analyzes how the potential for scaling up a particular governance mechanism is influenced by environmental, market, and social geographies that differ between sectors. Through stakeholder interviews, farm-level surveys, and a literature review, we examine two types of voluntary governance mechanisms (third-party certification, and sustainable intensification programs) in the coffee and cattle sectors in Brazil, to understand why the two governance mechanisms have scaled differently between these two sectors. We find that third-party certification programs have scaled up relatively well in Brazil's coffee sector, more so than its cattle sector, in part owing to differences in sustainability priorities, market orientations, supply chain traceability, and social networks between the two sectors. We also find that pilot sustainable intensification programs in the cattle sector have had more success than certification in engaging farmers, in part because they involve less investment from participating farmers. We conclude that the distribution and quality of environmental resources, markets, knowledge, actors, and networks can play an important role in the ability of a governance mechanism to effectively take root.

Although spatial variability in the distribution of soil organisms is often regarded as random, recent attempts have found significant spatial structure at several scales. Understanding the drivers of this variability at large scale could help to evaluate the ecological and socio-economic impacts of soil organisms in the ecosystems. In the present study we aim to (i) understand the relative role of environmental factors and human influence on the distribution of one of the World’s most destructive and invasive plant pathogens, Phytophthora cinnamomi Rands, and (ii) to estimate its potential geographic distribution in the Iberian Peninsula as a proxy of its potential impact. For this purpose, we used a total of 277 records of P. cinnamomi (presence: n = 157; absences: n = 120) in the Iberian Peninsula and three sets of explanatory variables reflecting abiotic conditions (climate and soil), biotic conditions (main susceptible host tress distribution and vegetation cover based on NDVI) and human influence. The current distribution of P. cinnamomi in the Iberian Peninsula seems to be influenced principally by fine texture soil and climate, following the land use and lastly the presence of its main host forest species. Its potential distribution across the Iberian Peninsula suggests potential for further expansion along the northeast and southeast of Spain and central Portugal. Given the significant impact of this pathogen on forest ecosystems, the modelling of its distribution in the Iberian Peninsula offers an important decision tool for the monitoring and restoration of declining Mediterranean oak forests.

Many plant species are threatened as a result of extinction of their large-bodied frugivores all over the world. Additionally, introduced herbivores and seed predators may cause severe pressure on early stages of plant recruitment. We studied the seed dispersal and seed predation of the keystone palm Euterpe edulis on a land-bridge island with a highly impoverished frugivore fauna and overabundant seed predators, and in a continuous Atlantic forest in Brazil. While the diversity of avian seed dispersers and predators was higher on the mainland, the abundance of seed dispersers was 4-fold higher on the island. Turdus flavipes was responsible for 72% and 96% of seeds removed in the island and mainland, respectively. However, the higher density of T. flaviceps on the island did not result in higher seed removal. In fact, seed removal rate was 1.7 times lower there than on the mainland, probably due to the aggressive behavior of the major seed disperser who defend palm fruits. Seed predation, on the other hand, was markedly higher on the island, where nearly 100% of seeds were preyed upon, but only 0.3% on the mainland. As a consequence of higher seed predation the population of E. edulis has few numbers of seedlings and saplings on the island. Therefore, management of the seed predator populations on the island is a key priority for recovering the natural population of this keystone palm and the frugivores that depend on its fruits.

Populations undergo physiological adaptations in response to environmental stressors. Our 5-year bio-monitoring study of the Bronx River Estuary demonstrates comparatively low dissolved oxygen concentrations in this urbanized watershed. Additionally, our current results establish altered hormonal levels, resulting from endocrine disruption, in Geukensia demissa (Atlantic ribbed mussel) from the Bronx River Estuary. No studies have yet investigated a correlation between low dissolved oxygen and endocrine disruption in field-collected bivalves. Testosterone, estradiol, and progesterone levels were collected from male and female mussels in the oxygen depleted Bronx River and well-oxygenated Greenwich Cove. Bronx River mussels exhibited higher testosterone levels and lower estradiol levels than Greenwich Cove mussels. The resulting abnormal hormonal ratio seems to indicate that environmental conditions in the Bronx River facilitate an allosteric inhibition of the cytochrome P450 aromatase enzyme, which aids conversion of testosterone to estradiol. Low progesterone levels suggest that Bronx River mussels are experiencing a delay in sexual maturation, and morphometric data show a stalling of shell and tissue growth. To confirm that the mussels collected from both sites are the same species, the universal mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase subunit I gene was analyzed, through DNA barcoding. Minimal sequential heterogeneity confirmed the mussels are the same species. Such findings suggest intraspecific divergence in various endocrine processes, resulting from environmentally induced stress.

The scarcity of data on fish catches difficult management of small-scale fisheries in developing countries. This study applies fishers’ knowledge to investigate temporal changes in the amount (biomass) and composition (major ecological categories) of fishing resources exploited by small-scale coastal fisheries in the southeastern Brazilian coast. Four hypotheses were investigated: (1) The amount of fish caught reported by fishers would decrease over time. (2) Older fishers would report higher fish catches than younger fishers. (3) Recent interviews would mention large-sized predators less often. (4) Recent interviews would mention less high valued fishing resources. Interviews with 421 fishers in 36 communities in the southeastern Brazilian coast were analyzed, covering a time span of 14 years, from 1995 to 2009. The hypothesis 1 was confirmed, 3 was partially confirmed, while 2 and 4 were not confirmed. Fishers’ age was unrelated to all variables. The results from fishers’ interviews indicated the temporal trends of: (1) a decrease in the biomass of fish caught; (2) an increase in the occurrence of smaller fish and invertebrates in the catch; (3) an increase of high value fishing resources; and (4) maintenance of large predators. The first two indicators suggest excessive fishing, but the later indicators (3 and 4) suggest that the socioecological system of the southeastern Brazilian coast had not yet undergone major ecological shifts.

The Habitats Directive provides for the setting up of Natura 2000, a coherent European ecological network of special areas of conservation as well as for the protection of these sites. The sites are characterised by the presence of specific habitat types as listed in Annex I of the Directive and of species as listed in Annex II. This contribution will focus on semi-natural habitats and the legal boundaries the Directive imposes on their management. Management measures affecting semi-natural habitats of Natura 2000 sites can fall under two different legal regimes. The first regime is comprised of the strict site protection requirements of Art. 6(2) − (4) of the Habitats Directive. These have been clarified by extensive jurisprudence. However, as it is indicated in Art. 6(3), at least the appropriate assessment under this provision does not apply to measures “directly connected with or necessary to the management of the site”. Such measures should fall under the second legal regime, laid down in Art. 6(1). Therefore, it is necessary to discuss the distinction between site management measures and other plans or projects as well as the legal boundaries applicable to the former. It will be demonstrated that the strict protection standard of Art. 6(3), absence of reasonable scientific doubt that the plan or project will not significantly affect the site, cannot be transposed to the management of semi-natural habitats because, irrespective of scientific uncertainty or doubt, some management strategy for semi-natural habitats needs to be chosen. Moreover, the necessity to decide on site management in the light of uncertainty also affects the question whether a measure needs to be considered directly connected with or necessary to the management of the site. Therefore, at least as far as EU law is concerned, only manifest errors with regard to both questions need to be sanctioned. Accordingly, judicial control needs to focus on the decision making process, that is procedural issues such as the collection of the relevant information, relying on the best available science, stakeholder participation or the duty to give reasons.

Retrospective studies focussing on forest dynamics using fossil and genetic data can provide important keys to prepare forests for the future. In this study we analyse the impact of past climate and anthropogenic changes on Larix decidua Mill. (European larch) populations based on a new range-wide fossil compilation encompassing the last 130 ka and on recently produced genetic data (nuclear, mitochondrial). Results demonstrate that during the last 130 ka L. decidua persisted close to its current distribution range and colonized vast areas outside this range during the first two early Weichselian interstadials (c. 87–109 ka and c. 83–78 ka), reaching a distributional maxima in the north–central European lowlands. Some fossil sites point to notably rapid responses to some abrupt climate events (Dansgaard–Oeschger cycles and Heinrich Events). Combined fossil and genetic data identify at least six MIS 2 refuges and postglacial recolonization pathways. The establishment of extant L. decidua forests dates back to the first two millennia of the Holocene (c. 11.5–9.5 ka) and the onset of anthropogenic impact was inferred since the late Neolithic (c. 6 ka), with major changes occurring since the Bronze Age (c. 4 ka). During the last 300 years human-induced translocations resulted in recent admixture of populations originating from separate refuges. Altogether, the results of this study provide valuable clues for developing sustainable conservation and management strategies targeting ancient genetic lineages and for studying evolutionary issues.

Most tropical rainforests have been defaunated of large-bodied mammals and the cascading effects of such extirpations have been poorly studied, particularly on other animals. We used a natural experiment in the Brazilian Atlantic rainforest to investigate the ecological responses of rodents to the functional extinction of a dominant terrestrial mammal, the white-lipped peccary (Tayassu pecari). We detected a 45% increase in the abundance and a decrease in diversity of rodents in defaunated forests. Two of these species (Akodon montensis and Oligoryzomys nigripes) are important hosts of Hantavirus, a lethal virus for humans. Stable isotope ratios (δ13C and δ15N) derived from the hair of rodents and peccaries and their food resources indicate that at least two rodent species shifted to a diet more similar to peccaries in the defaunated forest. Because most tropical rainforests are facing dramatic extirpation of large mammals, we can expect changes in the composition and structure of small mammal communities with potential consequences for human health even in non-fragmented landscapes.

lobal sea surface temperature (SST) anomalies have an inherent effect on vegetation dynamics and precipitation processes throughout the continental United States (U.S.). SST variations have been correlated with precipitation patterns via ocean–atmospheric interactions known as climate teleconnections. Prior research has demonstrated that understanding excitation mechanisms of the teleconnection patterns can be instrumental for climate prediction across a wide region at sub-continental scales, yet these studies tend to have large uncertainties in estimates by assuming linearity when examining teleconnection signals. The co-existence of non-stationary and nonlinear signals embedded in SST anomalies makes the identification of the teleconnection patterns difficult at the local scale. This study explores the short-term (10-year) frequencies (i.e., interannual and seasonal ) embedded in the non-stationary teleconnection signals between SST at the North Atlantic and North Pacific oceans and the responses of terrestrial greenness and precipitation along multiple pristine sites in northeast U.S., including (1) White Mountain National Forest – Pemigewasset Wilderness, (2) Green Mountain National Forest – Lye Brook Wilderness, and (3) Adirondack State Park – Siamese Ponds Wilderness. Each site was selected to avoid anthropogenic influences that may otherwise mask climate teleconnection signals. Lagged pixel-wise linear teleconnection analysis based on remote sensing satellite images across anomalous global SST datasets found significant correlation regions between SST and these terrestrial sites. With the aid of wavelet analyses including continuous wavelet transform, cross-wavelet analysis, and wavelet coherency analysis, nonlinear and non-stationary signals exhibit salient covariations at biennial and triennial frequencies between terrestrial responses and SST anomalies across oceanic regions in agreement with the El Nino Southern Oscillation (ENSO) and North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO) signals. Multiple regression analysis of the combined ocean indices explained up to 50% of the greenness and 42% of the precipitation in the study sites. These identified short-term signals in association with some hydrometeorological forcing processes of circumglobal teleconnection can improve the understanding and projection of the climate change impacts at local scales and harness the interannual periodicity information for future precipitation and greenness projections.

Human induced land use changes negatively impact the viability of many wildlife species through habitat modifications and mortality, while some species seem to benefit from it. Roe deer (Capreolus capreolus), a wide spread ungulate increased both its abundance and range throughout Europe. This pattern is also reflected in the increasing hunting bags over the last 40 years. Such a development raises questions about the relationship between human hunting and population dynamics and, in particular, about the potential of human hunting to control related populations. We analysed and reconstructed annual hunting bags of roe deer for three federal states of northern Germany, Brandenburg, Lower Saxony and Mecklenburg West Pomerania for the years 1972 to 2011. Since 1992 the hunting bags from these three states are significantly higher than those reported for the years 1972–1991. Our reconstruction takes into consideration effects of climate variability, expressed by inter-annual changes in the North Atlantic Oscillation and impacts from rapeseed and wheat cultivation. We found that severe winters, which are indicated by negative values of the North Atlantic Oscillation during the months December–March, directly, or with a time lag of two years affect the number of deer shot. In contrast, an increase in the area used for rapeseed cultivation coincides with higher numbers of roe deer shot, with respect to the overall mean value. Consequently, we recommend that wildlife management addresses changes in large scale processes including land use pattern and climate variability.

This study compares the edaphic macroarthropod communities from experimental plantations of Acacia mangium and Eucalyptus grandis, both 7 years old, and from the primary forest, all located on the table-land region in the state of Espírito Santo (Brazil). Most of the taxonomic groups analyzed reach densities as high, or higher, in the plantations as in the primary forest. Four points however differentiate the communities of both plantations from that of the forest: the absence of Diplura and Pseudoscorpionida; the lower relative abundance of ants; the dominance of some non-social arthropods; and the concentration of a great percentage of macroarthropods in the litter layers. All these features seem to reflect a higher complexity in the decomposition subsystem of the primary forest, which is expected since it is a natural ecosystem. Regarding agroecosystems, the community under A. mangium shows a lower seasonal variation of total densities and a higher density of Blattaria, Isopoda, Coleopteran larvae and Lepidopteran larvae. These differences are apparently a consequence of the greater quantity of leaf litter, rich in nutrients, accumulated on the soil in this plantation. Therefore, both plantations create a propitious environment for macroarthropod communities. But A. mangium seems to provide better conditions to the soil communities, and thus it seems to be an important alternative to conciliate the wood production and the recuperation of edaphic communities in areas surrounding the remnants of the Atlantic forest.

High Nature Value farmland (HNVf) is managed farmland that has high biodiversity and often supports species of conservation concern. Assessing the distribution and extent of such farmlands is useful for appropriate targeting of conservation measures and supporting associated rural communities. The conservation of species and habitats within HNVf is also among the aims of the EU’s (European Union) Biodiversity Strategy and is a focus of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) Rural Development Programme. Data on HNVf distribution and extent is required for both policy implementations under the CAP for income support payments and reporting within the EU Biodiversity strategy. Here, we extend the scope of the methodology from a previous study by presenting a finer spatial resolution to map the likely distribution of HNVf in the Republic of Ireland using indicators adapted for the Irish context and weighted based on expert knowledge and literature. The indicators (and weighting) used were: semi-natural habitat cover (40%, from CORINE land cover), stocking density (30%, from Land Parcel Information System; LPIS), hedgerow/scrub cover (10%), river and stream density (10%), and soil diversity (10%). Indicators were included in a weighted sum model (WSM) that combined raster indicator inputs, representing relative weights and the output had a tetrad-scale (2 km × 2 km) resolution. We used various datasets (national nature designations, Irish semi-natural grasslands survey, intensive farmland points and field points with semi-natural habitats) to validate the final HNVf map. To do this, all datasets were converted from polygon to point data format by considering the centroid of the polygon as the data point and overlaid on the HNVf map to assess the possible incidence.Of the 13,660 tetrads defined as farmland in the analysis, 4602 (33.7%) had a high or very high likelihood of being HNVf. About 54% of the latter set of tetrads partly or wholly coincided with Natura 2000 sites; about 84% partly or wholly coincided with NPWS priority areas for conservation of biodiversity in agri-environment schemes, and about 53% were in upland areas (>150 m a.s.l.). Validation data representing extensive farmland systems had an increasing incidence in tetrads with higher values (HNVf likelihood); the opposite was true for validation data representing intensive farmland. The final output was combined with the NPWS priority areas for farmland biodiversity conservation because the latter represented Type 3 HNV that is poorly represented by our method (which best represents Type 1 HNV). To our knowledge, this study represents the most comprehensive method to estimate and validate the extent and distribution of HNVf in the Republic of Ireland. It indicates that a substantially higher proportion of the country is likely to comprise HNVf than previously estimated, and large areas of HNVf occur outside the Natura 2000 network, and in lowland areas. Improved knowledge of the distribution and extent of HNVf provides a valuable tool to help improve the decision-making process for policy targeting, implementation and monitoring of HNVf. The methodology presented here could be adapted by other EU countries that have relevant national-scale datasets.

American lotus (Nelumbo lutea Willd.) is a popular plant with ornamental, medicinal, and culinary value. Studies related to the genetic diversity and population structure of N. lutea are limited. We sampled 326 individuals from 19 populations of wild N. lutea across its distribution range in the USA and genotyped them using 12 microsatellite markers. A total of 274 alleles were amplified by 12 microsatellites with a mean of 22.83. We observed a low level of genetic diversity for American lotus (Ae = 2.40 and HE = 0.459) in the USA. The analysis of molecular variance (AMOVA) exhibited closer variation among populations (42.00%) than within populations (58.00%) of N. lutea, with strong genetic differentiation observed (FST = 0.419). There was no significant correlation between genetic and geographic distances. The Bayesian analysis and neighbor-joining dendrogram displayed strong population structure. A very low level of historical gene flow (NM = 0.073) was observed among the populations. Fourteen of the 19 populations showed a demographic bottleneck, indicating the vulnerability of the American lotus populations. We thus proposed priority population sites for the conservation of N. lutea via both ex-situ and in-situ techniques.

In the face of current challenges for sustaining human well-being, there is a need for multifunctional landscapes, where land can be allocated to economic activities while minimizing negative externalities. The framework of spatial conservation prioritization (SCP) can be used to identify areas of outstanding ecosystem services (ES) provision, and inform the allocation of different land uses. We present a methodological approach that uses the SCP framework to integrate ES in land-use planning, and apply it to a case study in Uruguay, South America. As in many parts of the world available information on ES is scarce, we generate models of ES provision using spatial multicriteria modeling supported on expert elicitation, to identify areas suitable for agriculture and afforestation, where land use changes have lowest impact on environmental quality. Our results provide a ranking of the landscape that might be used to promote the expansion of these activities in some areas while discouraging it in others in order to achieve sustainability. This approach might be particularly useful for informing Strategic Environmental Assessments, aimed at balancing productive activities with environmental protection. Our study shows that by taking into account ES provision, land uses can be allocated in areas that maximize yields, while reducing their negative environmental impacts.

Landscapes with open evergreen oak woodlands in Southwestern Iberian Peninsula have been subjected to a consistent oak forest loss. In these landscapes, the abandonment of traditional land management activities have been associated with major land use transformations, such as the replacement of agricultural land uses and native oak woodlands by both shrublands and fast-growing Eucalyptus and pine (Pinus pinea L.) plantations. In this study a spatially explicit approach, combining aerial photographs, geographical information systems and land cover metrics, was used to assess long-term landscape dynamics over a 50-year period. The aim was to provide interpreted quantitative information on the landscape dynamics and to determine the key roles of open farmland, shrubland and new forest plantations on the ongoing loss and fragmentation of oak woodlands. Different trends of land abandonment and intensification of land uses were found across the study areas mainly related to combination of particular socioeconomic and biophysical conditions, resulting in different types of evergreen oak forest conservation and restoration issues. A comprehensive assessment of these (biophysical and socioeconomic) change driving forces is, therefore, presented and discussed, as a baseline for future planning by setting of appropriate management, restoration and conservation strategies for oak woodlands in the studied landscapes. Although this study focused on a specific system of Southwestern Mediterranean, the methodology applied herein can be extrapolated to other comparable human-driven scattered tree systems, within cultural landscapes.

This study evaluates the effectiveness of taxonomic, colonization and trophic groups of arthropods from native forests of the Azores archipelago as surrogates of the diversity of other arthropod groups and of the remaining arthropods. Consistency in the performance of surrogates was tested across three spatial scales and using two measures of diversity. Pitfall and beating samples from 109 transects, 18 forest fragments and seven islands were analysed. The results showed that Araneae, Hemiptera and small orders taxonomic groups; native, endemic and introduced colonization groups; and the herbivores trophic group were consistent surrogates of the remaining diversity across the three spatial scales analysed, for both alpha and dissimilarity diversities. However, none of the subsets considered was significantly related with all of the other subsets at any of the three spatial scales. The effectiveness of surrogacy was dependent on the spatial level considered, and groups behaved inconsistently depending on the measure of diversity used. The value of a group as a diversity surrogate should be evaluated for a study area for a given spatial scale and diversity measure, in accordance with the scale and measure that will be used for biodiversity assessments and monitoring programs in that area.

The geological story of Cameroon has been without any doubt highlighted by the establishment and the evolution of the Cameroon Volcanic Line (CVL). CVL stretches in the N30°E orientation from the Gulf of Guinea (Atlantic Ocean) to Lake Chad (African Continent). The continental domain is 900 km long and is made up of well-defined plutonic and volcanic apparatus. The southern branch of the continental part is made up of a range of voluminous volcanoes among which is found the mount Bambouto. Mount Bambouto culminates at 2744 m (Meletan mountain) where is found a huge sub-elliptical (16 × 8 km) caldera. This caldera is characterized by the volcanic geoheritage that is dominated by well-diversified landforms. These landforms are related to the outcrops of rocks like basalts, trachytes, ignimbrites and phonolites whom eruptions ruled the formation of caldera. They are mainly geomorphosites namely domes-flows (Mount Meletan, Mount Nkon'hon and Mount Tchenlekot), intrusive domes (Babadjou Tooth, Mount Mag'haa, Dome Mag'haa, Dome Mekwop and Mount M'mouck Leteh), Valley (Ayila Valley) and waterfall (Ayila waterfall). Since many decades, the wonders of geomorphological features in the Mount Bambouto caldera (MBoC) foster several field trainings (of students from secondary schools and universities) and some arrival of visitors. These geomorphological units constitute the paramount asset for the implementation of geotourism. Geotourism promotion faces a lot of difficulties due to the lack of geotouristic facilities. The development of geopark could be a huge solution for the implementation of geotourism that will be an interesting tool for job creation while preserving the geomorphosites for future generations.

Many fish species are well-known obligatory inhabitants of shallow-water tropical coral reefs but such associations are difficult to study in deep-water environments. We address the association between two deep-sea fish with low mobility and large sessile invertebrates using a compilation of 20 years of unpublished in situ observations. Data were collected on Northeast Atlantic (NEA) island slopes and seamounts, from the Azores to the Canary Islands, comprising 127 new records of the circalittoral Labridae Lappanella fasciata and 15 of the upper bathyal Ophiididae Benthocometes robustus. Observations by divers, remote operated vehicles (ROV SP, Luso, Victor, Falcon Seaeye), towed vehicles (Greenpeace) and manned submersibles (LULA, Nautile) validated the species association to cold water corals (CWC) and large hydrozoans. L. fasciata occurred from lower infralittoral (41 m) throughout the circalittoral, down to the upper bathyal at 398 m depth. Smaller fishes (< 10 cm) tend to form larger schools up to five individuals, with larger fishes (10–15 cm) occurring alone or in smaller groups at greater depths. The labrids favoured areas with large sessile invertebrates (> 10 cm) occurring at < 1 body-length, swimming inside or in close vicinity to the tallest and most complex three-dimensional structure in the field of observation. These included hydrozoans (Polyplumaria flabellata, Nemertesia antennina), CWC (e.g. Antipathella wollastoni, Acanthogorgia armata, Stichopathes sp.), and less frequently sponges (e.g. Pseudotrachya hystrix). B. robustus presented a coral-cryptic behavior, being recorded in the bathyal zone between 350 and 734 m depth, always inside CWC (e.g. Acanthogorgia spp., Antipathella spp., Callogorgia verticillata, Dendrophyllia alternata, Leiopathes spp.), and remaining within the coral branching. B. robustus were collected with baited traps providing biological information and dietary information reinforcing the trophic linkage between the CWC habitat and this predator. Gathered evidence renders CWC and hydroid gardens as Essential Fish Habitats for both species, being therefore sensitive to environmental and anthropogenic impacts on these Vulnerable Marine Ecosystems. The Mediterranean distribution of L. fasciata is extended to NEA seamounts and island slopes and the amphi-Atlantic distribution of B. robustus is bridged with molecular data support. Both species are expected to occur throughout the Macaronesia and Mediterranean island slopes and shallow seamounts on habitats with large sessile invertebrates.

Bark extracts from the African cherry, Prunus africana (Rosaceae), are a popular treatment for enlarged prostates. Harvests of the bark began in Cameroon in the 1970s. Because of concerns regarding the sustainability of the trade, the species is included on the IUCN Red List and in CITES Appendix II. This study followed five P. africana populations in the Kilum-Ijim Forest Preserve on Mount Oku, Cameroon, examining growth, mortality and reproductive parameters, as well as response to harvest and other human activities. During the first part of the study (1998–1999), the forest had limited human activity; by the second part (2007–2008), more activity was apparent, including wildfires, grazing and a forest-wide bark harvest in 2005/2006. Over the study period, population structure differed from a typical J-shaped frequency curve for long-lived species, which may reflect past harvesting. After the 2005/2006 harvest, the population structure had shifted slightly toward the smaller size classes. In addition, the number of surviving trees was reduced in all size classes. About half of the reproductive trees died during the study. Size class was not a significant predictor of death, but the location of the harvest (plot) was. All trees affected by wildfires died, suggesting that the species is not adapted to fire. Trees that were harvested without disrupting the vascular cambium survived better and had minimal loss of crown. Thus, the fate of the trees in a given plot may lie in the care taken by an individual harvester. Average growth (0.34 cm per year) was not significantly different among the size classes. Crown die-back significantly reduced fruit production, obscuring the asynchronous alternating fruiting pattern. Seedling numbers followed a similar alternating pattern, but survival was negligible due to grazing. The combined factors of mortalities of a large percentage of reproductive trees (especially the largest ones), highly reduced fruit production and poor seedling survival offer a bleak prognosis for future regeneration and long-term persistence of the species in this forest. Only after decades of harvest are existing standing crop inventories and scientifically based annual quotas now being determined. It is known that the trees are easily domesticated. Efforts have been intensified to train villagers and community forest managers in vegetative propagation techniques and nursery practices, offering some hope that the species can be successfully managed to provide for sustainable harvests and dependable rural livelihoods.

The two main communities of British upland heaths are heather Calluna vulgaris moor and heather-dominated blanket bog, which occur towards dry and wet ends, respectively, of a climatic gradient. The four developmental phases of heather—pioneer, building, mature and degenerate—also contribute to the variability, particularly for animal species. Spatial variation in the invertebrates often reflects these primary determinants of ecological variation, although soil or geological differences can be important. Temporal variation relates to the succession after heather burning or cutting. Examples of spatial and temporal variation are drawn from studies on the North York Moors, an upland area with 15% of British ground beetles Carabidae, 20% of British spiders Araneae, but only 2·2% of the British vascular plants.There are many fewer species of vertebrates on upland heaths, but for the breeding birds (15% of British species), three questions are discussed in detail—what is desired, what management options are available and can heathlands be managed for assemblages as well as for individual species? The review concludes that (i) burning on blanket bog be minimised; (ii) variable burning cycles to improve habitat complexity be used; (iii) wet flushes be conserved; (iv) upland heathland margins be burnt less intensively; and (v) scattered mosaics of scrub and woodland be established. The mosaic structure of upland heathlands is critical for wildlife conservation. The invertebrate assemblages rely for their diversity on this mosaic structure. Several scales of mosaic on any one moor are likely to lead to the greatest diversity of vertebrate species.

Ethnopharmacological relevanceUsing the example of Polish migrants living in the subtropics of Argentina, we attempt to expand knowledge about migrant strategies for retaining their agency in medicinal plant procurement.Aim of the studyIs to state which environments play a pivotal role as a source of medicinal plants for the study community, and if a gradient of relevance exists in the exploitation of medicinally useful species between the most proximate and the most distant habitats. We particularly aim to answer the following questions: (1) if Polish migrants have changed their patterns of obtaining medicinal plants during the migratory process; and (2) if the choice of strategies for medicinal plants depends on: (a) the degree of floristic and environmental similarity between the home and host country; (b) the perception and usefulness of certain environments as a source of medicinal plants; (c) the degree of contact with the local population in the host country, and/or (d) the degree of contact between migrants and their homeland.Material and methodsThe analysis is grounded in data from different types of interviews and a homegarden inventory addressed to 72 study participants. Voucher specimens of species mentioned were gathered and identified. Two indices were used as proxy measures: (1) the number of species obtained from each habitat, and (2) the number of citations for both modes and places of obtaining medicinal plants.ResultsDue to different flora found in Argentina, Polish migrants could reconstruct only bits and pieces of their native pharmacopoeia. They could not acquire medicinal plants either from relatives in Poland or via importation. Therefore they had to develop new strategies for securing medicinal resources. During the migratory process, Poles in Misiones changed forms and places of obtaining medicinal plants. Cultivated species from homegardens play the most important role, while in the native country homegarden species were used sparsely. The second most important environment for medicinal plant procurement is the forest, whose exploitation was increased by contact with local mestizos and indigenous groups.ConclusionsThis study clearly shows that traditional knowledge can be adaptive and resilient. New species have been selected and incorporated from mestizos, and indigenous people, and at the same time the use of some legacy plants has been preserved. The importance of home gardens as a venue for medicinal plants is another facet of this adaptive process. Traditional knowledge is resilient too, because despite the many changes that have occurred, Polish people have maintained phytotherapy as their preferred form of treating ailments, and managed to retain certain species brought from Europe as the most relevant.

Artificial barriers such as wire fences constitute a common conservation management practice to protect vegetation from the browsing impact of large herbivores. Apart from protecting the fenced area, these barriers may affect the use of adjacent areas by animals. For example, they may interrupt major movement routes. We studied the effect of fences on an area used by red deer in Doñana National Park (Andalucía, south west Spain). We used an observational approach to study the effect of existing permanent barriers, and an experimental approach to investigate the effect of new barriers placed between the main areas through which animals moved from resting to foraging sites. Our study was carried out during the mating season, so we could also observe the effects on the distribution of females among harems. We found that “shadow areas”, where projection lines of the movement from resting to foraging areas were interrupted by the barrier, were used less by deer. In agreement with this result, grasses in shadow areas tended to be longer than in other areas, indicating unequal use of resources depending on the placement of barriers. Also, permanent barriers appeared to have negative, long-term effects on the maintenance of meadows as denoted by a higher proportion of rushes in meadows within shadow areas. Experimental barriers supported the cause-effect relationship by decreasing the number of deer using the experimental shadow areas. Our results demonstrated unexpected ecological effects of small barriers on the landscape, mediated by modification of the spatial behaviour of red deer.

Download : Download full-size imageMassive anthropogenic land use changes are taking place in the tropics. These changes have not only jeopardized native biodiversity but also people. Environmental apathy, corruption, poor natural resource governance, poverty and lack of conservation funding remain formidable challenges for conservation biologists. Any meaningful success in tropical conservation will, hence, need active collaboration by the civil society, biologists, social scientists, lawyers, funding agencies, national and multinational corporations, governments and non-governmental organizations. Concerted research efforts are urgently needed to understand the imperiled tropical biodiversity.

Monitoring data on hibernating bats were aggregated for the first time across a number of European countries. These supranational trends revealed that nine out of 16 bat species examined increased at their hibernation sites in Europe between 1993 and 2011, while only one is decreasing. This is reflected in the positive trend shown by a prototype multispecies bat indicator which combined the individual species trends. Our findings suggest that after a period of strong decline in the 20th century, populations of most of the investigated bat species are stabilising or recovering, although with profound differences between European bio-geographical regions and countries. Bat populations in the Continental region have a less positive tendency, compared to those in the Atlantic region. More data from more countries may reveal whether these differences are systematical. So far, the prototype indicator covers 9 countries and 16 of the 45 bat species found in Europe. The next steps will be to refine the methodology behind the indicator and to improve the indicator's representation of European bat populations and its capacity to compare trends among biogeographic regions. This should be achieved by participation of more countries and incorporating data from additional bat species, including data collected by other surveillance methods, such as summer roost counts. Robust information on trends in bat populations at a range of geographic scales is essential to the long-term conservation of bats. Further development of this indicator will make an important contribution to conservation of bats because it will stimulate international cooperation and capacity building for monitoring and research, thus exchanging and broadening knowledge of the status of bats and improving the identification of threats.

Worm lizards remain one of the least known groups of vertebrates, hindering a proper assessment of their levels of threat, especially in tropical regions where worm lizard diversity is highest and habitat destruction is rampant. We examine trends in description dates, conservation status and their correlations with body and range size, and conduct a spatiotemporal analysis of Brazilian worm lizard sampling gaps using socioeconomic and environmental predictors, to identify drivers of discovery rates and prioritize regions for conducting inventories. Brazilian worm lizards exhibit small body sizes and small and isolated geographic ranges. Threatened, Near Threatened, and Data Deficient species have significantly smaller ranges than Least Concern species and are under intense anthropic pressure. The cumulative number of new species being described has grown exponentially since 1990, with no signs of reaching an asymptote, and recently described species tend to be smaller and have more restricted ranges. Present-day figures grossly underrate worm lizard diversity, which currently cannot be estimated. The vast majority of municipalities have no records of worm lizards and sampling is concentrated in regions with greater accessibility and population size, reflecting the historical patterns of colonization of the territory. The combination of very small geographic ranges, a large number of species yet to be discovered, and high rates of habitat loss, especially in the Cerrado of central Brazil, where the diversity of worm lizards is highest, suggests that extinction of undescribed species is commonplace. The discovery of new species of worm lizard can be accelerated by conducting inventories in unexplored regions, as well as by integrative taxonomic approaches assessing genetic variability in the more widely distributed species.

The main forest transitions that took place in south-central Chile from the end of the last glaciation to the present are reviewed here with the aim of identifying the main climatic and socio-economic drivers of land cover change. The first great transition, driven primarily by global warming, is the postglacial expansion of forests, with human populations from about 15,000 cal. yr. BP, restricted to coastlines and river basins and localized impact of forest fire. Charcoal evidence of fire increased in south-central Chile and in global records from about 12,000 to 6000 cal. yr. BP, which could be attributed at least partly to people. The subsequent expansion of agriculture led to much clearing of forests and the spread of weeds and other indicators of open habitats. The Spanish colonial period in America may have been followed by a transient expansion of forest cover into abandoned land, as indigenous population declined rapidly due to disease and slaughter. The 18th and 19th centuries brought about extensive loss of forests due to the massive impact of lumber extraction for mining operations both in central Chile and in western North America. Two centuries of intensive deforestation, coupled to grazing by cattle and extremely variable rainfall had long-lasting effects on forest cover in south-central Chile, which persist until today. The transition from a preindustrial to an industrial society brought about the “golden age” of timber harvest, assisted by mobile sawmills and railway transportation since the late 1800s. These advances led to the exhaustion of native commercial timber by the late 20th century in south-central Chile. In North America, harvestable stands were exhausted in New England and the Midwest around 1920. Settlement of the independent territories in the late 1800s and early 1900s implied vast burning and clearing of land and mounting soil erosion. Industrial forestry, based on government-subsidized massive plantations of short-rotation exotic trees, developed in the late 20th century, in connection with postindustrial displacement of exploitative activities from developed to third-world nations. In the last two decades, economic globalization and free trade promoted the expansion of new crops and further decline of woodlands, despite modest increases in forest cover. These patterns are repeated in many Latin American countries. To prevent further depletion of native forest resources and to provide an insurance against climate change, in the 21st century developing nations should aim at: (1) relocating subsidies from fiber farms to restoring diverse forest cover, (2) promoting ecosystem management of diverse forest and crops within landscapes, and (3) fostering diverse cultural relationships between people and their land.

Native bees are important providers of pollination services, but there are cumulative evidences of their decline. Global changes such as habitat losses, invasions of exotic species and climate change have been suggested as the main causes of the decline of pollinators. In this study, the influence of climate change on the distribution of 10 species of Brazilian bees was estimated with species distribution modelling. We used Maxent algorithm (maximum entropy) and two different scenarios, an optimistic and a pessimistic, to the years 2050 and 2080. We also evaluated the percentage reduction of species habitat based on the future scenarios of climate change through Geographic Information System (GIS). Results showed that the total area of suitable habitats decreased for all species but one under the different future scenarios. The greatest reductions in habitat area were found for Melipona bicolor bicolor and Melipona scutellaris, which occur predominantly in areas related originally to Atlantic Moist Forest. The species analysed have been reported to be pollinators of some regional crops and the consequence of their decrease for these crops needs further clarification.

In an era of human activities, global environmental changes, habitat loss and species extinction, conservation strategies are a crucial step toward minimizing biodiversity loss. For instance, oceans acidification and land use are intensifying in many places with negative and often irreversible consequences for biodiversity. Biodiversity hotspots, despite some criticism, have become a tool for setting conservation priorities and play an important role in decision-making for cost-effective strategies to preserve biodiversity in terrestrial and, to some extent, marine ecosystems. This area-based approach can be applied to any geographical scale and it is considered to be one of the best approaches for maintaining a large proportion of the world’s biological diversity. However, delineating hotspots includes quantitative criteria along with subjective considerations and the risk is to neglect areas, such as coldspots, with other types of conservation value. Nowadays, it is widely acknowledged that biodiversity is much more than just the number of species in a region and a conservation strategy cannot be based merely on the number of taxa present in an ecosystem. Therefore, the idea that strongly emerges is the need to reconsider conservation priorities and to go toward an interdisciplinary approach through the creation of science-policy partnerships.

One virgin and three managed Picea abies stands in SW Sweden were investigated and their bryophyte flora and vegetation compared. The composition of the bryophyte vegetation did not differ much between the stands. Cover of the single dominant species was very similar. Most common species were Pleurozium schreberi, Dicranum majus, D. polysetum, Sphagnum girgensohni and Hylocomium splendens. Species number and total cover was somewhat higher in the virgin stand (88 species, 73% total cover) than in the managed stands (56–72 species, 49–59% total cover). The diversity (Shannon-Wiener) ranged from 2·3 to 2·9. The importance-value curve for all stands taken together was intermediate between lognormal and geometric in shape. Rare hepatics growing on large logs, such as Calypogeia suecica, Odontoschisma denudatum and Scapania umbrosa, distinguished the virgin stand from the managed stands. Such uncommon log-species are threatened if intense, full-scale forestry continues. Large coniferous forests should be protected if they are to survive. Consideration should be given to the bryophytes when forestry is conducted; large logs should be allowed in a stand, forest fens should be left undrained, and areas with old trees left when clearcutting.

Remote aquatic ecosystems are exposed to an assortment of semivolatile organic compounds (SOCs) originating from current and historic uses, of local and global origin. Here, a representative suite of 57 current- and historic-use pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons were surveyed in the plasma of the western pond turtle (Emys marmorata) and their potential prey items and habitat. California study sites included Sequoia National Park, Whiskeytown National Recreation Area, and Six Rivers National Forest. Each was downstream of undeveloped watersheds and varied in distance from agricultural and urban pollution sources. SOCs were detected frequently in all sites with more found in turtle plasma and aquatic macroinvertebrates in the two sites closest to agricultural and urban sources. Summed PCBs were highest in Whiskeytown National Recreation Area turtle plasma (mean; 1.56 ng/g ww) compared to plasma from Sequoia National Park (0.16 ng/g ww; p = 0.002) and Six Rivers National Forest (0.07 ng/g ww; p = 0.001). While no current-use pesticides were detected in turtle plasma at any site, both current- and historic-use pesticides were found prominently in sediment and macroinvertebrates at the Sequoia National Park site, which is immediately downwind of Central Valley agriculture. SOC classes associated with urban and industrial pollution were found more often and at higher concentrations at Whiskeytown National Recreation Area. These findings demonstrate a range of SOC exposure in a turtle species with current and proposed conservation status and shed additional light on the fate of environmental contaminants in remote watersheds.

Continuous and increasing human coastal occupations and developments, often linked to the lack of adequate management plans, seriously threat coastal and marine environments. The knowledge of natural aspects of coastal environments and human occupation characteristics is essential for adequate and sound coastal planning. The present research characterized 80 coastal sites scenic value along the South and Center-South coast of Santa Catarina (Brazil), which receive huge tourist arrivals during the summer season, i.e. from December to March. Coastal evaluation was carried out by means of the Scenery Evaluation System and information on conservation status, beach awards and human occupation level was also gathered. Sites located on the Central-South coast have higher D values due to their relevant physical characteristics, such as the presence of bays, cliffs, mountainous landscape, etc. being very different from those in the South, where the coast is low, rectilinear and unattractive. Class I represents c. 10% of the Center-South coast and class V c. 8%. In the South, the situation is different and none of the sectors was assessed as class I or III, only one sector belongs to class II, and the rest are classified as class IV and V. Obtained information opens new viewpoints to local coastal managers for analysis of the potential for national and international coastal tourism development in: i) natural areas, taking into account that a growing category of beach goers prefer isolated sites of great scenic beauty, and ii) for scenic quality improvement of current tourist developed areas.

The sustainable management of very large rivers is based on the assessment of their environmental condition. However, unlike for smaller rivers, this assessment is yet less advanced due to the specific complexities of very large river systems. In Europe, this is reflected by the lack of an international large river typology classifying these ecosystems into units with homogenous environmental features. Focussing on European rivers of >10,000 km2 catchment size, we collated datasets describing orographic, geological, geomorphological, hydrological and climatic features of the riverine environment. These rivers were divided into segments of about 30 km length, and 40 environmental descriptors hardly modifiable by human activities were allocated to each segment. In a subsequent cluster analysis, we identified seven large river types (LRTs) across Europe: Alpine-Influenced rivers; Baltic rivers; Central Lowland rivers; Continental Lowland rivers; Mediterranean rivers; Nordic rivers; Atlantic rivers. These LRTs were compared with existing European bio-geographical classifications and tested using contemporary river sampling data of benthic invertebrates. Our study describes a systematic pan-European typology characterising different types of European very large rivers, reviewed and validated by biological data. This typology represents an essential step in fostering the implementation of bio-assessment methods tailored to very large rivers in Europe.

Conservation managers and policy makers need tools to identify coastal habitats and human communities that are vulnerable to sea-level rise. Coastal impact models can help determine the vulnerability of areas and populations to changes in sea level. Model outputs may be used to guide decisions about the location and design of future protected areas and development, and to prioritize adaptation of existing protected area investments. This paper reviews state-of-the-art coastal impact models that determine sea-level rise vulnerability and provides guidance to help managers and policy makers determine the appropriateness of various models at local, regional, and global scales. There are a variety of models, each with strengths and weaknesses, that are suited for different management objectives. We find important trade-offs exist regarding the cost and capacity needed to run and interpret the models, the range of impacts they cover, and regarding the spatial scale that each operates which may overstate impacts at one end and underestimate impacts at the other. Understanding these differences is critical for managers and policy makers to make informed decisions about which model to use and how to interpret and apply the results.

Climate and land use/cover change are among the most pervasive issues facing the Southeastern United States, including the Savannah River basin in South Carolina and Georgia. Land use directly affects the natural environment across the Savannah River basin and it is important to analyze these impacts. The objectives of this study are to: 1) determine the classes and the distribution of land cover in the Savannah River basin; 2) identify the spatial and the temporal change of the land cover that occurs as a consequence of land use change in the area; and 3) discuss the potential effects of land use change in the Savannah River basin. The land cover maps were produced using random forest supervised classification at four time periods for a total of thirteen common land cover classes with overall accuracy assessments of 79.18% (1999), 79.41% (2005), 76.04% (2009), and 76.11% (2015). The major land use change observed was due to the deforestation and reforestation of forest areas during the entire study period. The change detection results using the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) indicated that the proportion areas of the deforestation were 5.93% (1999–2005), 4.63% (2005–2009), and 3.76% (2009–2015), while the proportion areas of the reforestation were 1.57% (1999–2005), 0.44% (2005–2009), and 1.53% (2009–2015). These results not only indicate land use change, but also demonstrate the advantage of utilizing Google Earth Engine and the public archive database in its platform to track and monitor this change over time.

This study presents a new land cover map for the Upper Paraná River Basin (UPRB-2015), with high spatial resolution (30 m), and a high number of calibration and validation sites. To the new map, 50 Landsat-8 scenes were classified with the Support Vector Machine (SVM) algorithm and their level of agreement was assessed using overall accuracy and Kappa coefficient. The generated map was compared by area and by pixel with six global products (MODIS, GlobCover, Globeland30, FROM-GLC, CCI-LC and, GLCNMO). The results of the new classification showed an overall accuracy ranging from 67% to 100%, depending on the sub-basin (80.0% for the entire UPRB). Kappa coefficient was observed ranging from 0.50 to 1.00 (average of 0.73 in the whole basin). Anthropic areas cover more than 70% of the entire UPRB in the new product, with Croplands covering 46.0%. The new mapped areas of croplands are consistent with local socio-economic statistics but don’t agree with global products, especially FROM-GLC (14,9%), MODIS (33.8%), GlobCover (71.2%), and CCI (67.8%). In addition, all global products show generalized spatial disagreement, with some sub-basins showing areas of cropland varying by an order of magnitude, compared to UPRB-2015. In the case of Grassland, covering 25.6% of the UPRB, it was observed a strong underestimation by all global products. Even for the Globeland30 and MODIS, which show some significant fraction of pasture areas, there is a high level of disagreement in the spatial distribution. In terms of general agreement, the seven compared mappings (including the new map) agree in only 6.6% of the study area, predominantly areas of forest and agriculture. Finally, the new classification proposed in this study provides better inputs for regional studies, especially for those involving hydrological modeling as well as offers a more refined LU/LC data set for atmospheric numerical models.

Nitrogen loading has been linked to eutrophication and seagrass bed declines worldwide, yet early warning signs and potential mitigating factors are often less clear. Our objective was to use published nitrogen loading model results together with eelgrass habitat surveys from 7 bays in Atlantic Canada to assess linkages between nitrogen loading, tidal flushing and bivalve aquaculture on observed eutrophication indicators in eelgrass habitats. Field surveys revealed significant differences in primary indicators (annual algae, tissue nitrogen) and secondary changes in eelgrass bed structure, yet no large loss of eelgrass cover or biomass. Multivariate analyses found positive correlations between nitrogen loading and eutrophication indicators, with distinct clusters of high- and low-impact sites, and the mitigating effects of flushing time and aquaculture. Our results highlight that combining measures of nitrogen loading, eutrophication indicators and mitigating factors can help detect early warning signs and assess eutrophication risk to inform management and conservation of coastal ecosystems before significant losses of seagrass occurs.

With the exponential model, Van Wagner (1978) gave us valuable insight in understanding stand age and forest age distribution in fire-disturbed landscapes. He showed that, under certain conditions, the probability distribution of the age of a stand subject to periodic renewal by fire is exponential. The extension of this model to the landscape-level results, also under certain conditions, in an exponential shape for the forest age distribution. Empirical studies have supported this hypothesis in some landscapes and not in others. The results are believed to depend on the size of the landscape in question, the patterns of fire disturbance, and changes in the disturbance regime over time and space. In this paper, we present additional insight into some of the fundamental factors that determine the forest age distribution. We analyzed some alternative spatial models of fire disturbance, and used a spatial simulation model (FLAP-X) to explore whether the forest age distribution has an exponential shape, and whether it would be stable or variable over time under different conditions. We use different spatial and temporal disturbance patterns, some of which represent correlation due to fire growth and episodes of high fire disturbance. We describe FLAP-X and give the results of computational tests based on hypothetical data. We found that, under characteristic boreal fire disturbance regimes, we should not expect to find forest age distribution stability even at very large spatial scales due to the spatial and temporal correlation of disturbances.

To examine the effects of elevated N and S inputs on a central hardwood forest, a whole-watershed acidification experiment was initiated in 1989 on the Fernow Experimental Forest, West Virginia. Annual experimental additions of 40 kg S ha−1 year−1 and 35 kg N ha−1 year−1 as ammonium sulfate fertilizer were applied to a 34 ha watershed with a 25-year-old stand of central Appalachian hardwoods. An adjacent watershed served as the control. After 5 years of treatment (total additions of 275 kg S ha−1 and 220 kg N ha−1), stream water NO3−, Ca2+, Mg2+ concentrations and export increased. Soil solution concentrations provide evidence that the treatment watershed is nitrogen-saturated, which was unexpected for such a young stand. No statistically significant changes in annual SO42− export were observed, but peak stream water concentrations of SO42− did increase during the treatment period. Changes in soil solution chemistry suggest that the treated watershed also may be approaching SO42− saturation.

Middle American knob-scaled lizards of the genus Xenosaurus are a unique radiation of viviparous species that are generally characterized by a flattened body shape and a crevice-dwelling ecology. Only eight species of Xenosaurus, one of them with five subspecies (X. grandis), have been formally described. However, species limits within Xenosaurus have never been examined using molecular data, and no complete phylogeny of the genus has been published. Here, we used ddRADseq data from all of the described and potentially undescribed taxa of Xenosaurus to investigate species limits, and to obtain a phylogenetic hypothesis for the genus. We analyzed the data using a variety of phylogenetic models, and were able to reconstruct a well-resolved and generally well-supported phylogeny for this group. We found Xenosaurus to be composed of four major, allopatric clades concordant with geography. The first and second clades that branch off the tree are distributed on the Atlantic slopes of the Sierra Madre Oriental and are composed of X. mendozai, X. platyceps, and X. newmanorum, and X. tzacualtipantecus and an undescribed species from Puebla, respectively. The third clade is distributed from the Atlantic slopes of the Mexican Transvolcanic Belt in west-central Veracruz south to the Pacific slopes of the Sierra Madre del Sur in Guerrero and Oaxaca, and is composed of X. g. grandis, X. rectocollaris, X. phalaroanthereon, X. g. agrenon, X. penai, and four undescribed species from Oaxaca. The last clade is composed of the four taxa that are geographically closest to the Isthmus of Tehuantepec (X. g. arboreus, X. g. rackhami, X. g. sanmartinensis, and an undescribed species from Oaxaca). We also utilized a variety of molecular species delimitation approaches, including analyses with GMYC, PTP, BPP, and BFD∗, which suggested that species diversity in Xenosaurus is at least 30% higher than currently estimated.

The Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) was created as a conservation tool – intended to provide “the best environmental choice in seafood” to consumers and to create positive incentives that would improve the status and management of fisheries. During its 15 years, the MSC, which has an annual budget of close to US$20 million, has attached its logo to more than 170 fisheries. These certifications have not occurred without protest. Despite high costs and difficult procedures, conservation organizations and other groups have filed and paid for 19 formal objections to MSC fisheries certifications. Only one objection has been upheld such that the fishery was not certified. Here, we collate and summarize these objections and the major concerns as they relate to the MSC’s three main principles: sustainability of the target fish stock, low impacts on the ecosystem, and effective, responsive management. An analysis of the formal objections indicates that the MSC’s principles for sustainable fishing are too lenient and discretionary, and allow for overly generous interpretation by third-party certifiers and adjudicators, which means that the MSC label may be misleading both consumers and conservation funders.

Water funds seek to promote long-term watershed conservation with multiple benefits for biodiversity and human well-being. This approach has grown rapidly, particularly in Latin America where more than 30 water funds were in operation or development by 2014. To meet the need for evidence to guide ongoing decisions, we assessed the goals and strategies of 16 programs that were operating in 2013–2014 in association with the Latin American Water Funds Partnership. Our findings underscore the diversity within this approach to investment in watershed services. The various financial, governance, and management mechanisms adopted by these programs reflected their distinct biophysical, socio-economic, and political contexts. All 16 water funds aimed to secure water quality (15/16) and/or quantity (including the timing of flows) (14/16). The majority of programs also explicitly strived for co-benefits to local livelihoods (9/16) and biodiversity (11/16). Public funding secured through legislation provided the most funding to date, but private, NGO, and development bank source were also important for some programs. While programs have actively engaged rural land stewards, this stakeholder group was represented on governance boards in just 4 of 16 funds. Additionally, while the majority of water funds with activities on the ground (13/16) reported biophysical and social impact monitoring (8/16), many faced significant logistical, technical, and funding challenges to its implementation. We recommend greater inclusion of rural land stewards on governance boards, increased engagement of the private sector, and a sustained commitment to an evidence-based approach to increase the likelihood that programs will attain their goals.

As one cause for biodiversity loss, invasive alien species are a worldwide threat. However, exotic woodland can also have an enormous biomass potential. The goal of this study was to evaluate the available aboveground biomass (AGB, including trunk, branches and foliage) of the widespread woody plant invader Pittosporum undulatum in the exotic woodland in São Miguel, Terceira and Graciosa islands (Azores archipelago), in order to assess its potential for energetic valorization. We used different modeling approaches in combination with forest inventory data to estimate total AGB. We sampled 127 stands dominated by P. undulatum, estimated stand density, measured diameter at breast height, basal area, tree height, and number of branches at breast height in a total of 5872 trees, and determined the AGB of 674 trees. Allometric equations were used to estimate AGB from dendrometric traits (R2 = 0.88). Although it was possible to predict stand biomass based on stand density and on dendrometric traits, there was no clear relationship between AGB and topographic and climatic variables. Using average estimates of AGB, the areas classified as dominated by P. undulatum in the forest inventory, and a rotation period of 26 years, we calculated a total annual available AGB of 1570, 2594 and 11903 Mg. year−1 for Graciosa, Terceira and São Miguel islands, respectively. The employed methods and the results obtained in this work provide the means for a more accurate evaluation of the woody biomass resources, opening new perspectives for the management of woody plant invaders.

Recent and rapid landscape changes have occurred over large areas in Mediterranean Basin. Wildfires and human activities are the most important disturbances at landscape-level due to their ecological and socio-economic impacts. The increasing demand which society places on the forest landscapes has led us to develop a tool to identify the economic landscape value around natural protected areas. Our research focused on the integration of social, ecological and economic components of landscape management based on stated social preferences and contingent valuation method (CVM). Landscape value research has been motivated by the need to assist land use planning and environmental management.Geographic Information Systems (GIS) have provided new opportunities to spatially distributed modeling of landscape quality. Correlations were found between the representativeness of the landscape and its sense of belonging, and the contingent rating. Landscape with intensive agricultural practices and mining areas were the least preferred landscapes. There was a notable variation in the economic landscape value attributed to the study area based on the considered CVM scenario, ranging from 1,253,075.1 Euros to 3,650,827.8 Euros. We added the geospatial allocation of willingness to pay according to five landscape quality categories. Our approach could be used to identify priority areas for conservation based on maximizing landscape value, and would be useful in detecting interesting or conflict areas associated with new management and planning alternatives. In this sense, this approach offers managers to seek territorial management strategies to increase economic efficiency in the allocation of resources.

This study presents an integrated wetland-watershed modeling approach that capitalizes on inundation maps and geospatial data to improve spatial prediction of wetland inundation and assess its prediction uncertainty. We outline problems commonly arising from data preparation and parameterization used to simulate wetlands within a (semi-) distributed watershed model. We demonstrate how wetland inundation can be better captured by the wetland parameters developed from remotely sensed data. We then emphasize assessing model prediction using inundation maps derived from remotely sensed data. This integrated modeling approach is tested using the Soil and Water Assessment Tool (SWAT) with an improved riparian wetlands (RWs) extension, for an agricultural watershed in the Mid-Atlantic Coastal Plain, US. This study illustrates how spatially distributed information is necessary to predict inundation of wetlands and hydrologic function at the local landscape scale, where monitoring and conservation decision making take place.

Riverine landscapes provide numerous ecosystem services, of which pollination is essential to increase the yield, quality, and stability of crops and the biodiversity of wild flora. Pollinators’ behaviour and their community dynamics are often affected by the spatial distribution of floral and nesting resources at the landscape scale, and are thus sensitive to land-use land-cover (LULC) changes and management practices.The main objective of this study is to understand how changes in riparian vegetation and LULC at River Minho affect pollination services. For this, an approach based on the temporal analysis of historical cartography (1898) and current satellite imagery (2016) was used. We developed a novel Pollination Suitability Index for Riverine Landscapes (PSIRL) using LULC data as a proxy of habitat suitability for insect pollinators. PSIRL scores were derived from expert judgment of the local habitat conditions, floral diversity and field surveys. The PSIRL values obtained for both periods were compared using pairwise T-tests.We detected an overall reduction of the pollination services in the riverine landscape of River Minho from 1898 to 2016. However, at local level we observed gains and losses of pollination suitability as a result of distinct LULC changes. There was a marked decrease in the PSIRL in the most downstream and upstream riverine sections due to generalized conversion of scrublands, broadleaved-forests and heterogeneous agricultural areas to artificial surfaces and managed forests dominated by maritime pine and eucalyptus. However, in the middle section of the river, the area occupied by scrublands, riparian and broadleaved forests increased, resulting in an increase of the foraging resources for insects, and a consequent increase of the PSIRL.This index can be used to monitor and capture changes in the pollination suitability of complex riverine landscapes and support further land and river management decisions. The historical cartography proved to be a valuable source of information to characterize LULC change and hence to assess the evolutionary trajectory of pollination ecosystem services, at global and local level.

The subject of biological invasions is well-recognized, especially due to the associated impacts, but different interpretations exist about the concept of invasive species. These are usually known as exotic species that proliferate intensely, spread rapidly and persist as dominant in the new community. However, some native species may behave the same way and bring serious ecological and economical losses. Nonetheless these native species may not attract management efforts and specific policies, partially because of the assumption that native species are harmless. We review the concepts of invasive species and show the potential harm of overabundant populations of native species, which we name “super-dominant” species. Based on literature review we demonstrated the lack of information on the Brazilian super-dominant plant species. Considering all kinds of published material and knowledge from our own experience we selected 16 Brazilian native terrestrial plants that most frequently show unexpectedly intense growth and dominance in their original habitats. We discuss the factors that may have triggered atypical dominance, negative impacts of these species on the native biodiversity and ecosystems, and future trends. Anthropogenic disturbances are the main drivers of the explosive population growth of these native species, especially habitat fragmentation, forest gap formation, and wildfires. The absence of legal support to deal with super-dominant native species is probably the main reason for the lack of disclosure of the subject. In the future scenario of climate change we expect the intensification of the phenomenon. Strategies for early detection and control need to be fast developed.

Three species of hemoplasmas are known to infect monkeys, ‘Candidatus Mycoplasma kahanei’, ‘Candidatus Mycoplasma haemomacaque’ and ‘Candidatus Mycoplasma aoti’. Marcgrave’s capuchin monkey (Sapajus flavius) is a critically endangered neotropical primate species of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, and thus, sustained efforts are needed to protect the health and well-being of these animals. This study has aimed to screen 12 captive S. flavius from the State of Paraíba, northeastern Brazil, for hemoplasma infection. Packed cell volume (PCV) was measured and a pan-hemoplasma PCR protocol performed. A total of 8/12 (66.6%) monkeys were positive for the 16S rDNA gene of Mycoplasma sp., showing an identity of 99% to Mycoplasma sp. previously detected in Sapajus apella and Sapajus sp. monkeys from the Brazilian Amazon. Further studies should be conducted in order to elucidate whether this potentially novel Mycoplasma sp. is able to cause anemia in Sapajus sp. monkeys from Brazil.

Mining regions undergo abrupt and extensive land use change, the impacts of which pose management challenges for mining companies and regulatory agencies. In this study we investigated 20 years of land use change in Brazil's Iron Quadrangle (QF) mining region. We classified remote sensing images to produce land use maps and conducted a Land Change analysis to investigate the causes and consequences of observed changes. The QF underwent extensive land use change between 1990 and 2010, including deforestation, plantation expansion, urbanization and mine expansion. Comparing our results with those of surrounding non-mining landscapes illustrated important differences. For example, QF contained additional highly profitable land uses, including mining and plantation forestry, which were driven by globalized markets for mineral resources. This finding suggests processes of land use change within mining regions are distinct from those found elsewhere and, as such, land management policies should reflect this. We also hypothesized four generalizations regarding these processes: 1) the direct footprints of mining expands over time, 2) the offsite footprints of mining are extensive and also often expanding, 3) the direct and indirect land used by mines causes environmental and social impacts, some of which are not captured by current management approaches, and 4) the footprints of mining (and associated impacts) are driven by global factors, many of which are uncontrollable by local land holders and regional land management plans and policies. We describe and discuss these generalizations, drawing on published evidence from other mining regions to illustrate both their generality and implications for land management.

Mountain areas boast high levels of biodiversity due to the wide variety in topography, climates and traditional land-use practices they embrace. Recent changes in the mountain agro-ecosystems of Europe have led to a decline in these traditional practices (above all grazing) and have had negative effects on biodiversity. In this study we evaluated the effects of grazing pressure on plant species diversity and also focused on the common and rare species diversity, forage quality and forage production in the Festuca airoides, Festuca eskia, Festuca gautieri, Festuca paniculata and Nardus stricta grassland communities. These analyses could be of great importance in identifying the pastoral management practices that are most consistent with the conservation of plant diversity in the Andorran subalpine and alpine grasslands. Data were collected at 113 sampling sites exposed to either high or low grazing pressures. In all, 222 vegetation line-transects were established from which samples were collected and analysed using the NIRS method. In addition the lignin, protein and fibre fractions were obtained in order to evaluate the quality of the forage. In the Andorran summer pastures, the Festuca gautieri calcareous grasslands had the greatest plant species diversity, while the Festuca eskia, Festuca airoides and Nardus stricta grasslands had the lowest plant species diversity and a lack of common species due to their less homogeneous spatial structure. The highest quality forage corresponds to the Festuca gautieri and Nardus stricta grasslands, while the Festuca eskia grasslands have the lowest quality forage. Although high grazing pressure can lead to greater species diversity, it also tends to diminish forage quality and/or energy content by increasing the lignin content. Thus, domestic livestock is a fundamental element in these grasslands and an increase in the grazing pressure of the different types of livestock (cattle, sheep and horses) is necessary since a more balanced distribution of grazers between the grassland types – rather than an increase in grazers – will not be sufficient to maintain plant biodiversity. Likewise, there is a need to re-establish the practice of transhumance, a traditional pastoral practice based on the movement of livestock between winter lowland pastures and upland summer pastures.

Early-successional habitats (e.g. grasslands, shrublands, and early-successional forests) and their associated wildlife are declining throughout the northeastern United States. State wildlife agencies are generally charged with conserving all native wildlife and their habitats within their respective state. However, some have suggested that state wildlife agencies in the region are not addressing the decline of early-successional wildlife and habitats sufficiently. I investigated the extent to which 11 state agencies in this region are creating and maintaining early-successional habitats on public and private lands. The middle Atlantic subregion (five states: Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania) generally affected a greater proportion of state wildlife lands than the New England subregion (six states: Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont): proportions range from 0.96 to 8.34, and 0.02 to 1.68%, respectively. Mowing was the most commonly used technique throughout the northeast. Only five state agencies in the northeast performed habitat management on private lands and no state affected more than 113 ha per year. Timber harvesting was infrequently used to create early-successional habitats and did not exceed 1.5% of eligible harvest area in nine of 11 states surveyed. A lack of sufficient resources was the most frequent explanation for little activity. Given that commonly used management techniques may be expensive (e.g. up to US$ 486 ha−1 for mechanical clearing to reclaim abandoned fields), state agencies will need to develop new funding sources, and use alternative and more cost-effect management tools. Additionally, agencies should consider expanding technical assistance to private landowners.

The transition from coal-based electricity to ‘carbon neutral’ biofuels derived from forests has catalysed a debate largely centred upon whether woody-biofuels drive deforestation. Consequently, a crucial point is often missed. Most wood pellets used in electricity production are derived from waste-wood; a practice considered acceptable by many otherwise strongly opposed to the industry. We highlight that, precisely because waste-wood is a ‘waste’, its carbon-neutral credentials should be questioned. We then examine a parallel development occurring within the same industrial system; the recovery of electricity producers’ combustion-ash residues for concrete production. Contrasting how accounting practices allocate upstream carbon to these ‘wastes’ in the cases of wood pellets and coal-ash reveals how decisions are shaped by industry imperatives, rather than established lifecycle techniques. If the politics of emissions allocation continue to evolve in this way, it may become increasingly difficult to distinguish where progress towards a low-carbon, environmentally sustainable and circular economy is real, from where it is an artefact of biased and inconsistent accounting practices.

China is being transformed by economic development, urban migration, and social change. Environmental reporting on China has tended to focus on environment damage, especially air pollution. Relatively unnoticed in the West, however, China has invested in improving and expanding its system of protected areas. These protected areas follow varied models—they include nature reserves, forest parks, wetland parks, and more—and face challenges roughly similar to those of protected areas in the United States and many other countries. Unsurprisingly, though, there are important differences that make China's protected area program uniquely Chinese. Chinese protected areas have been largely created and continue to be developed with strong top-down authority, although national-level control is softening and other models are being tested. Several nature reserves have received influxes of government funding in recent years to improve and expand their infrastructure and activities to support conservation, tourism, and other uses. Chinese nature reserves also tend to have explicit zoning and economic activities designed to promote economic development in and around them; this emphasis on economic development is greater and takes a different approach in Chinese parks than is typical in Western park systems. Here we compare aspects of the Chinese and US investments in national parks and national nature reserves; we use two examples—Wudalianchi National Nature Reserve in China and Acadia National Park in the United States—to highlight similarities and differences. We conclude that each country's approach to protected areas has strengths and weaknesses in terms of conservation value, engagement with local communities, and sustainability, but that overall each country's protected areas program has structural deficiencies, particularly related to the allocation of funding, that undermine their ability to achieve their stated mission over the long term. The shortcomings in each country are different and may not be as substantial as the shortcomings of` national parks in many other countries, but they are critical nonetheless.

Mangrove wetlands are under increasing pollution pressure from human activities due to rapid industrialization and urbanization of coastal regions. Many pollutants such as heavy metals may be accumulated via food chains to hazardous levels which will thus bring potential health issues to humans. In the present study, three species of crabs (Sesarma dehaani, Sesarma plicata, Macrophthalmus japonicus) and associated sediments from three mangrove habitats with different vegetation were collected from the mangrove wetlands in Qi'ao Island, South China to investigate the levels, bioaccumulation and dietary exposure of heavy metals including copper (Cu), zinc (Zn), manganese (Mn), cadmium (Cd) and chromium (Cr). Metal concentrations in sediment samples were 65–91, 212–247, 506–1256, 0.6–1.3, and 8.8–14 mg/kg dry weight for Cu, Zn, Mn, Cd and Cr, respectively. The spatial heterogeneity of these metals in mangrove sediments was observed with a descendant order of metal concentrations as Mn > Zn > Cu > Cr > Cd at each site. Species-specific and tissue-specific accumulation of metals was also found in mangrove crabs, both in the degree of accumulation of particulate metals and the tissues in which they were most abundant. All biota-sediment accumulation factors (BSAF) values >1 for Cd in each crab species suggested that the native mangrove crabs tended to be good tools for the monitoring of Cd pollution in mangrove forests. Results of the estimated daily intake (EDI) and target hazard quotient (THQ) suggested that consumption of the mangrove crabs in Qi'ao Island might subject local residents to potential health risks as far as the metals are concerned.

Skipjack Herring (Alosa chrysochloris) has long been proposed as the sole host for Reginaia ebenus (Ebonyshell) and Elliptio crassidens (Elephantear), but these relationships were unconfirmed because of difficulties with maintaining this fish species in captivity. We confirmed the suitability of Skipjack Herring as host for both mussel species, and we also showed that Alabama Shad (Alosa alabamae) is an additional suitable host for E. crassidens; both fish species produced large numbers of juvenile mussels. No other fish species tested (n = 12) were suitable hosts for either mussel species. Our results, combined with results from other studies, suggest these mussel species are specialists on genus Alosa. Traditional methods for host identification were problematic for herrings because of their sensitivity to handling and the large volumes of water required to maintain them in captivity. In addition to traditional methods, we confirmed the suitability of these fishes as hosts using a novel technique in which fish gills infected with glochidia were excised from sacrificed fishes and held in recirculating holding tanks with flow until metamorphosis was complete. Completion of metamorphosis on excised gills required glochidia spend at least 11–17 d encapsulated on live fishes before gill excision. This technique may be useful for other large or sensitive fishes that do not lend themselves well to traditional methods for host identification. Confirmation of Alosa spp. as primary hosts for R. ebenus and E. crassidens supports the idea that dams and other river modifications that disrupt migrations of these fishes are key factors in the range restrictions of these mussel species.

This paper comprises a systematic analysis of the governance of the Environmental Protected Area of Anhatomirim, a multiple-use coastal-marine protected area located in southern Brazil. The 2013 management plan brought major changes and improvements in the governance of the protected area, and today the provided incentives are more suited to the local reality, enhancing the stakeholders´ compliance and stewardship. The legal and the participative incentives are widely used, while the economic and the communicative incentives show an untapped potential. The interactions among the participative and the knowledge incentives, via the participatory monitoring programmes, are an innovative approach by Brazilian standards. On the other hand, the lack of inter-institutional and cross-scale connections is still the main weakness with regards to achieving conservation objectives and addressing current impacts, as most of the socioeconomic and ecological dynamics which must be addressed go beyond the protected area boundaries and its governance arrangements.

Extra-tropical storms in the spring of 2010 swept the New England coastline resulting in significant erosion along South Cape Beach, a barrier system located on Cape Cod, Massachusetts. The erosion revealed 111 subfossil stumps and a preserved peat outcrop. We hypothesize that the stumps represent an ancient Eastern Red cedar, Juniperus virginiana, stand growing in a back-barrier environment and drowned by episodic storm events and moderate rates of sea-level rise. Stumps, bivalves, and organic sediments, were radiocarbon dated using traditional and continuous-flow Atomic Mass Spectroscopy methods. Six sediment cores elucidated subsurface stratigraphy and environmental setting. Subfossil stumps ranged in age from 413 ± 80 to 1239 ± 53 calibrated years before present. We assume that this age represents the time at which the ancient trees were drowned by marine waters. Based on elevation and age, an 826 year rate of submergence was calculated at 0.73 mm/yr with an R2 value of 0.47. Core stratigraphy, microfossil assemblages, and radiocarbon ages indicate a dynamic barrier environment with frequent overwash and breaching events occurring during the past 500 years. Shoreline change analysis showed that between 1846 and 2008, the shoreline retreated landward by 70 m at a long-term rate of 0.43 m/yr. Future increases in the rate of sea-level rise, coupled with episodic storm events, will lead to the destruction of terrestrial environments at rate orders of magnitude greater than that during the time of the paleoforest.

This paper presents the results of research carried out in one of the study areas of a project developed to build the landscape monitoring system currently used by the Region of Tuscany (Italy). A methodology (HCEA) was developed to analyse and compare landscape data over successive periods from 1832 to the present. The area studied, the Regional Park of the Apuane Alps on the slopes of mount Pania della Croce in the community of Cardoso, was selected to evaluate the effect of Park management on landscape quality. The results show that since 1832 there has been a dramatic decrease in landscape diversity in terms of landscape patches (−86%) and land uses (−76%) as well as a related reduction in biodiversity. The process is linked to the abandonment of traditional farming and forest activities such as management of chestnut orchards, and the increase in woodland cover, from 30% to 77%, on abandoned fields and pastures, reducing the complexity of the previous landscape mosaic. The general trends may be characterized as a degradation of cultural landscape and its evolution towards seminatural models. This process has been accelerated by the way current directives of the European Union regarding nature conservation and rural development have been applied and the prohibition, by law, against restoring open spaces that are today covered by woodlands.

A survey of carapace epibionts was conducted on nesting loggerhead turtles, Caretta carettacaretta (L.), along a latitudinal gradient from South Carolina to Florida. The three-year survey on 138 turtles yielded 48 epibiotic species representing 6 phyla. Distribution of the epibionts on the carapace and factors that may influence the densities of the epibiont populations are discussed. Two distinct assemblages of carapace epibionts are recognized: a northern population and a southern population. The separation between the two populations is between Cape Canaveral and Daytona Beach, Florida. Indicator species within each carapace community are listed. Due to the nature of colonization by the epibionts, the presence of two distinct carapace communities suggests discrete northern and southern populations of loggerhead turtles along the Atlantic coast of the U.S.A.

Forested wetlands are a valuable resource - they provide habitat for a wide variety of fish and wildlife, play a role in flood control, have a positive effect on water quality, serve as the setting for many forms of outdoor recreation, and are a source of various commercially important products such as timber. In spite of these numerous benefits, however, the area of such lands in the United States has substantially declined. To a large degree, these wetland losses have resulted from differing public and private perspectives of the benefits and costs associated with retaining such lands as opposed to converting them to other uses. Past public policies, particularly at the federal level, have also tended to encourage wetlands development. In looking to the future, several factors seem to suggest that further forested-wetland losses will be significantly curtailed.

A palynological study of the archaeological layers from the Neanderthal site of Bolomor Cave, located in Eastern Spain, is presented. Vegetational developments for the periods MIS 9 to MIS 5 are described, among which it is worth highlighting the long resilience of mixed oak-pine forests throughout cold phases and the high diversity of woody taxa including deciduous, Mediterranean, and thermophytes. The relative abundance of evergreen Quercus and Castanea, the continuous occurrences of Olea, Fraxinus, Pistacia, Myrtus, Phillyrea and Cistaceae, and the presence of Celtis, Ceratonia, Pinus pinaster, and Rhododendron are peculiar features of the sequence. The existence of a Mid-Pleistocene glacial refugium is postulated. To our knowledge, there is no similar record of forest landscape that have been described in glacial context for Neanderthals, which at the time bears archaeological and anthropological implications. The records of past vegetation in Bolomor are coherent with palaeontological finds, especially concerning the mammal fauna, which also suggests forested landscapes. The hominids of Bolomor possessed highly adaptative subsistence strategies that match the potential benefits offered by a diverse and rich environment where a broad spectrum of edible plants was available.

Environmental land use conflicts are uses of the land that ignore soil capability. In this study, environmental land use conflicts were investigated in mainland Portugal, using Partial Least Squares (PLS) regression combined with GIS modeling and a group of 85 agricultural watersheds (with > 50% occupation by agriculture) as work sample. The results indicate a dominance of conflicts in a region where vineyards systematically invaded steep hillsides (the River Douro basin), where forests would be the most appropriate use. As a consequence of the conflicts, nitrate concentrations in rivers and lakes from these areas have increased, sometimes beyond the legal limit of 50 mg/L imposed by the European and Portuguese laws. Excessive nitrate concentrations were also observed along the Atlantic coast of continental Portugal, but associated to a combination of other factors: large population densities, and incomplete coverage by sewage systems and inadequate functioning of wastewater treatment plants. Before this study, environmental land use conflicts were never recognized as possible boost of nitrate concentrations in surface water. Bearing in mind the consequences of drinking water nitrate for human health, a number of land use change scenarios were investigated to forecast their impact on freshwater nitrate concentrations. It was seen that an aggravation of the conflicts would duplicate the number of watersheds with maximum nitrate concentrations above 50 mg/L (from 11 to 20 watersheds), while the elimination of the conflicts would greatly reduce that number (to 3 watersheds).

Prioritisation of areas for biodiversity conservation has been debated largely in the terrestrial realm. In response to the increasing need for conservation efforts in the marine environment, this study compiles and analyses available data on species distributions and compares different approaches to the selection of marine protected area sites for the conservation of South Africa's coastal fish diversity. Species richness decreases from Mozambique southwards to the Cape, due mainly to a subtropical subtraction effect, and is uniformly low along the west coast. The number of species endemic to southern Africa is also higher in the east than the west, and peaks in the region of Port Elizabeth. Hotspot analysis does not provide a useful site-selection tool in a linear (coastal) analysis, at least in the absence of abundance data. Cluster analysis shows that coastal fishes conform to the same three biogeographical provinces as other marine taxa, although the zonal boundaries vary between groups and are particularly difficult to determine for fishes. Multidimensional scaling better illustrates the fairly even rate of species turnover east of Cape Point. The selection of sites at the centre and boundaries of vaguely-defined biogeographical zones is thus relatively difficult, and excludes several localised endemics. These problems can be resolved by using complementarity analysis. In the absence of abundance data, to avoid “reserving” species at the periphery of their ranges, a pragmatic approach is developed, in which data are refined to include species' core distributions only. The roles of existing marine protected areas are also considered in assessing future conservation needs.

After the collapse of the Fundão dam, 43 million m3 of iron ore tailings continue to cause environmental damage, polluting 668 km of watercourses from the Doce River to the Atlantic Ocean. The objectives of this study are to characterize the Fundão Tailings Dam and structural failures; improve the understanding of the scale of the disaster; and assess the largest technological disaster in the global context of tailings dam failures. The collapse of Fundão was the biggest environmental disaster of the world mining industry, both in terms of the volume of tailings dumped and the magnitude of the damage. More than year after the tragedy, Samarco has still not carried out adequate removal, monitoring or disposal of the tailings, contrary to the premise of the total removal of tailings from affected rivers proposed by the country's regulatory agencies and the worldwide literature on post-disaster management. Contrary to expectations, there was a setback in environmental legal planning, such as law relaxation, decrease of resources for regulatory agencies and the absence of effective measures for environmental recovery. It is urgent to review how large-scale extraction of minerals is carried out, the technical and environmental standards involved, and the oversight and monitoring of the associated structures.

Determining the drivers, patterns and hotspots of biodiversity can be of critical importance in supporting regional conservation planning. However, as biodiversity hotspots can be described with several different metrics, it is important to investigate their congruence as well as the spatial overlap of hotspots with protected areas. Here, by using extensive data on climate, topography, soil characteristics and vascular plants combined with boosted regression tree models, we determine the patterns and key drivers of plant diversity hotspots along broad environmental gradients in northernmost Europe spanning from taiga landscapes to treeless tundra. We assess plant diversity with four metrics – species richness, range-rarity richness, threatened species richness, and local contribution to beta diversity – and examine their congruence with each other as well as with contemporary conservation areas.We found that climate plays an important role in governing species diversity, though topo-edaphic are highlighted alongside climatic predictors in determining the diversity patterns of many threatened, near-threatened, and range-restricted species. Importantly, the different diversity metrics have contrasting drivers and, overall, their hotspots have low congruence. Furthermore, existing protected areas appear to offer limited coverage for hotspots of vascular plant diversity.Modelling the various facets of diversity and their drivers, such as the topo-edaphic setting, may provide useful information to help conserve diversity in a changing climate. Projected patterns of different aspects of diversity and their congruency can provide insights into the processes underlying biodiversity and be employed to assess the representativeness of protected area networks.

This article focuses on communication failures fuelling a cross-border conflict over the construction of a pulp mill in Fray Bentos, Uruguay, on the banks of a shared river, and over the Argentinian anti-mill activists' protest that blocked a bridge connecting the two countries. The analysis, grounded on thematic interviews and surveys on both sides of the border, identifies some of the critical events of mis- and non-communication that deepened the disagreement between the neighbors. Likewise, it examines the extent to which the dispute has changed popular imageries of the neighboring nation and provided ground for the reproduction of negative stereotypes and defensive nationalisms. The case study offers an example of unruly amplification of decisive acts of neglect and provocations in an international interface setting, and thus provides conceptual tools for socio-environmental conflict researchers concerned with dissociations and non-linkages in contemporary globalization.

Hybrid poplar plantations are increasing worldwide and are often accused of impoverishing bird communities. We conducted 124 bird point counts in a landscape where plantations, semi-natural forests and farmland occupied similar surface areas. As expected, birds occurred at higher densities in areas dominated by forests than dominated by plantations, mostly due to the scarcity of late-successional forest birds in plantations. Contrary to expectations, bird communities were the poorest in farmland dominated areas and the most specialised in areas dominated by young plantations. Indeed, many grassland species, including some of conservation concern in Europe, frequently used young plantations. However, plantations have probably depleted grassland bird communities by fragmenting open areas, while playing a limited positive role on forest species. Total length of unpaved roads had a positive effect on community specialisation index, while total length of paved roads and mean forest/plantation patch size played no role. Bird density increased with the development of the understory vegetation in mature poplar plantations. We conclude that poplar should not be planted at the expense of areas of high conservation value; in other cases, they may increase the overall diversity of bird communities. At the plantation scale, we advocate stopping understory removal as soon as possible and maintaining old trees and hedgerows alongside or within plantations to provide suitable breeding habitats for bird species that may be foraging in the plantations.

Large carnivores are recolonizing parts of their historical range in Europe, a heavily modified human landscape. This calls for an improvement of our knowledge on how large carnivores manage to coexist with humans, and on the effects that human activity has on large carnivore behaviour, especially in areas where carnivore populations are still endangered. Brown bears Ursus arctos have been shown to be sensitive to the presence of people and their activities. Thus, bear conservation and management should take into account potential behavioural alterations related to living in human-modified landscapes. We studied the behaviour of brown bears in the Cantabrian Mountains, NW Spain, where an endangered population thrives in a human-modified landscape. We analysed bear observations video-recorded over a 10-year period to try to identify human and landscape elements that could influence bear behaviour. Neither the occurrence nor the duration of vigilance behaviour in Cantabrian bears seemed to be influenced by the proximity of human infrastructures and activity. Our findings suggest that the general pattern of human avoidance by bears is adapted to the human-modified landscape they inhabit. Bears generally avoid people, but close presence of human infrastructures or activity did not seem to trigger an increased bear behavioural response. Coexistence between large carnivores and humans in human-modified landscapes is possible, even when human encroachment is high, provided that carnivores are not heavily persecuted and direct interactions are avoided. Further research should also document the potential existence of other responses to human presence and activity, e.g., hunting, traffic noise, and measuring stress levels with physiological indicators.

Throughout the twentieth century, Brazilian agriculture was responsible for rapid occupation of territory, especially because of two major crops that were characteristic of the most important agricultural frontiers. The coffee culture was predominant in Brazil during the first half of the century. This crop greatly influenced the country’s national and international economic standing. That period was called the Brazilian coffee cycle, most notably in the south and southeast, where pedoclimatic and geomorphological conditions were more appropriate. However, during the second half of the century, soy and cattle-raising became major factors influencing the expansion of Brazilian agriculture and the incorporation of new areas to the territory, specifically in the savanna region. This expansion was the result of prevailing morphopedological conditions and the new technologies brought about by advances in agronomic research linked to soil correction, fertilization, and irrigation. Subsequent hydropedological imbalances have accelerated erosive water dissection of the relief and the consequent production of sediments, responsible for silting valley floors, reservoirs, and drainage channels. These problems are frequently caused or promoted by the intense and indiscriminate deforestation taking place, in the case of coffee, on large expanses of the Mata Atlântica (Atlantic Forest), and in the case of soy, in the savanna.

Landscape variables were employed as indices of habitat heterogeneity, fragmentation, and human influence on the environment to characterize constituent units of a 635 km2 grid covering the state of Pennsylvania. Species richness was determined by overlaying the distributions of all 60 terrestrial mammalian species found within the state. All landscape variables investigated were correlated with species richness. Areas with high topographic variation and low road density had the highest species richness. Species sensitive to habitat fragmentation were also associated with large forest patches and low road density. These landscape variables may be useful in identifying areas that are important for the conservation of these species. Associations between species distributions and landscape variables were substantiated by published habitat associations. Species with extremely limited distributions were not associated with landscape variables and represent special cases for conservation planners. Rare species, as defined by their limited geographical distribution, were not associated with areas of high species richness (hotspots). The utility of species richness hotspots for conservation planning is disputable. Hotspots of species richness were associated with large forest patches and low road density.

Aureoboletus projectellus is a bolete native to eastern North America that has recently started to spread in Central Europe and is considered as a potentially invasive species. Maximum entropy approach implemented in MaxEnt was used to estimate the distribution of its potential niche in Europe. The model obtained and current data about species’ geographic distribution in the European range were combined to predict direction of further dispersal and provide a list of locations requiring monitoring. According to the model, a continuous ring of favourable conditions around the Baltic Sea, together with a well-established bridgehead in Poland and Baltic states, make the expansion in this region virtually unstoppable. The case of A. projectellus constitutes an excellent opportunity for testing the utility of the employed model in practice and studying the dynamics of alien species dispersal process.

We assessed how environmental drivers influence the occurrences of wood-inhabiting macrofungi in European beech forests, using an extensive dataset of fruit body records collected in 53 reserves across twelve European countries. We found that the 105 species included in this study varied greatly in their responses to covariates related to resource quality, climate and forest connectivity, both in the strength and direction of the observed effects. Climate was the most important driver for some species, while others responded more to connectivity, or simply to the presence of high quality substrates within the reserves. Species occurrences varied also across geographical regions, especially between the UK and the rest of Europe. Our results show that wood-inhabiting fungi in European beech forests respond individualistically to habitat filters and differ in their biogeographical distribution patterns, and they thus provide a detailed perspective of how wood-inhabiting fungal communities are structured across Europe.

Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), chlorinated pesticides (i.e., dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) and its metabolites, chlordanes (CHLs), dieldrin, hexachlorobenzene (HCB), and mirex), polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), perfluorinated chemicals (PFCs), and polyaromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were measured in blubber biopsy samples collected from 139 wild bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) during 2003–2005 in Charleston (CHS), SC and the Indian River Lagoon (IRL), FL. Dolphins accumulated a similar suite of contaminants with ∑ PCB dominating (CHS 64%, IRL 72%), followed by ∑ DDT (CHS 20%, IRL 17%), ∑ CHLs (CHS 7%; IRL 7%), ∑ PBDE (CHS 4%, IRL 2%), PAH at 2%, and dieldrin, PFCs and mirex each 1% or less. Together ∑ PCB and ∑ DDT concentrations contributed ∼ 87% of the total POCs measured in blubber of adult males. ∑ PCBs in adult male dolphins exceed the established PCB threshold of 17 mg/kg by a 5-fold order of magnitude with a 15-fold increase for many animals; 88% of the dolphins exceed this threshold. For male dolphins, CHS (93,980 ng/g lipid) had a higher ∑ PCBs geomean compared to the IRL (79,752 ng/g lipid) although not statistically different. In adult males, the PBDE geometric mean concentration was significantly higher in CHS (5920 ng/g lipid) than the IRL (1487 ng/g). Blubber ∑ PFCs concentrations were significantly higher in CHS dolphins. In addition to differences in concentration of PCB congeners, ∑ PBDE, TEQ, ∑ CHLs, mirex, dieldrin, and the ratios ∑ DDE/∑DDT and trans-nonachlor/cis-nonachlor were the most informative for discriminating contaminant loads in these two dolphin populations. Collectively, the current ∑ PCB, ∑ DDT, and ∑ PBDEs blubber concentrations found in CHS dolphins are among the highest reported values in marine mammals. Both dolphin populations, particularly those in CHS, carry a suite of organic chemicals at or above the level where adverse effects have been reported in wildlife, humans, and laboratory animals warranting further examination of the potential adverse effects of these exposures.

Changes in stand-level carbon (C) storage and C flows in biomass, litter and soil organic matter in the humus layer were studied under current and changing climatic conditions in Finland with the help of a gan-type simulation model. The changing climate scenario assumed increases in mean annual temperature of 0.4°C per decade for the first one hundred years and 0.2°C per decade for the second hundred years. Warming was assumed to be larger during the winter than during the other seasons.In southern Finland, the long term average (over 200 years) net forest ecosystem production (NEP) at the stand level was 0.4–1.0 Mg C/ha/a under the current climatic conditions, and 0.1–0.9 Mg C/ha/a under changing conditions, depending on the tree species. Under the climate change scenario, NEP decreased in Scots pine, Norway spruce and Pubescent birch stands, but increased in Pendula birch stands. During the first 25–50 years, however, NEP was found to be larger both in Scots pine and Pubescent birch stands. In northern Finland, the long term average NEP increaed, regardless of tree species, from 0.3–0.8 Mg C/ha/a to 0.4–1.0 Mg C/ha/a. The biggest changes took place in Norway spruce and Pendula birch stands.During the early and late phases of stand development, the stands were C sources, since emissions from decaying litter and soil organic matter in the humus layer exceeded the growth of vegetation. Stands became C sources earlier under the changing climatic conditions than under the current conditions. In southern Finland, the long term average C storage was 107–201 Mg C/ha under the current climatic conditions, and 88–142 Mg C/ha under the changing conditions, depending on tree species. In northern Finland, the long term average C storage was 77–151 Mg C/ha under the current climatic conditions and 89–177 Mg C/ha under the changing conditions.

The human exploitation of land resources (land use) has been considered the major factor responsible for changes in biodiversity within terrestrial ecosystems given that it affects directly the distribution of the fauna. Reptiles are known to be particularly sensitive to habitat change due to their ecological constraints. Here, the impact of land use on reptile diversity was analysed, choosing Catalonia (NE Iberia) as a case study. This region provides a suitable scenario for such a biogeographical study since it harbours: 1) a rich reptile fauna; 2) a highly diverse environment showing strong variation in those variables usually shaping reptile distributions; and 3) good species distribution data. Potential species richness was calculated, using ecological modelling techniques (Ecological Niche Factor Analysis – ENFA). The subtraction of the observed from the potential species richness was the dependent variable in a backwards multiple linear regression, using land use variables. Agriculture was the land use with the strongest relation with the non-fulfilment of the potential species richness, indicating a trend towards a deficit of biodiversity. Deciduous forest was the only land use negatively related with the subtracted species richness. Results indicate a clear relationship between land use and biodiversity at a mesoscale. This finding represents an important baseline for conservation guidelines within the habitat change framework because it has been achieved at the same spatial scale of chorological studies and management policies.

In order to understand the capacity of habitats to conserve species, many authors have searched for a species–area relationship (SAR) to evaluate the effect of patch size on species richness in habitat fragments. However, a range of different processes may underlie or obscure this relationship. For woody plant species in forest fragments, as for other taxa, considering forest edges separately in the investigation of SAR is particularly relevant. The objective of our study was to evaluate edge influence on SAR in a fragmented forest landscape in south-western France. To achieve this objective, we considered SAR in two separate spatial portions of the forest fragment: the edge and the forest interior. We also considered SAR for different ecological groups of species based on their shade tolerance and their mode of dispersal, as species can respond differently to habitat reduction depending on their ecological characteristics. In 40 woodlands in an agricultural landscape, we observed the presence/absence of all woody species along parallel walking transects 20-m wide to inventory the total number of species in each woodlot. Vegetation surveys resulted in the identification of 53 woody species, with a total of 23 trees and 30 shrubs, and a number of species per woodlot ranging from 18 to 44. The species richness found in a given woodlot was significantly correlated with its area. When considering the edge and the interior parts of the woodlot separately we found a steeper increase in species richness with area for the part we considered as the edge, compared with the increase found in the interior part of the forest. Our results confirm the contribution of forest edge to forest fragment SAR. Results also underlined the importance of two additional processes that may contribute to SAR: a possible extinction debt of shade-tolerant species in forest edge zones and colonisation by light-demanding species in forest interior zones probably due to disturbances. This approach underlines the importance of taking the edge effect into account when studying the influence of patch size on species richness and the dynamic of species richness pattern.

Concepts – abstract representations of nature – are ubiquitous in scientific work. Through them scientists organize and communicate knowledge, classify landscapes and regions, and control and conserve nature. Indeed, concepts create nature, serving not just as knowledge, but as physical objects – “forests” came into existence through the practice of scientific forestry, and we speak of mobile organisms as “invasive species” because of concepts constructed by conservation biologists. And so it has also been, as the contributors to this special issue explain, with several concepts essential to ecology and environmental science: faunal regions, animal migrations, ecosystems, and rewilding. Through analysis of their complex histories – both scientific and social – these authors demonstrate how these concepts originated, and now circulate and organize knowledge and power. This essay builds on these articles: outlining essential questions, identifying general lessons, and exploring potential future work. It also situates these articles in relation to work in several fields: the history and historical geography of science, environmental history, and political ecology. In doing so, it explores how scientific concepts are constructed as stable and uncontested, and how they derive from this status the capacity to circulate and to speak for nature: serving diverse institutional and social roles, imparting power to those who wield them, organizing not just nature, but humans. They therefore demand careful attention: because they reflect not merely reality, but the times and places in which they were created, and because they have consequences. From these features stem their ambiguous place in historical and geographical research, as essential tools that nevertheless require cautious and critical reflection.

Development of many rural forestry areas depends strongly on tourism activities; therefore, it is critical to incorporate these activities in the decision-making process for the management and conservation efforts. Different from other market resources provided by forests, recreation activities provide benefits not only to forest owners but to all surrounding communities. Economic valuation of recreation activities requires using indirect valuation approaches like the travel cost method. Annual welfare estimates for the “Aracena y Picos de Aroche Natural Park” in southern Spain ranged from 25.30 € per recreationist for driving and travel time costs to 72.69 € per recreationist for these former costs plus associated incidental (food, lodging, etc.) costs. The annual value of this natural protected area was estimated at 3,656,609 € for the driving and travel time costs approach; and it was increased to 10,505,885.7 € for the total costs approach. Distributing the recreation welfare estimate proportionally is not reasonable as the visitation rate to different areas is different. Therefore, we use the individual recreational activities demand to distribute the estimated recreation value. Finally, we integrate the consumer surplus, the vegetation resilience and the potential fire behavior to estimate the fire recreation susceptibility. The fire susceptibility was increased by 58.25 million € from driving and travel time costs to total costs including incidental costs. Development of a socio-economic susceptibility framework using Geographic Information Systems provides an objective tool for budget allocation and prioritization of prevention activities and suppression actions during wildfires.

Juçara (Euterpe edulis Martius) is a palm tree widely distributed in the Atlantic Forest, which produces round fruits that recently gained worldwide attention, mainly for its resemblance to fruits of Euterpe oleracea and Euterpe precatoria Martius used to produce açaí. Juçara fruits stand out for their high nutritional value, which contain different kinds of nutrients, including fatty acids, protein, fibers, minerals and vitamins, and bioactive compounds such as anthocyanins, non-anthocyanin flavonoids and phenolic acids, which are associated with potent biological activities. The main objective of this work is to present the available compositional data regarding juçara fruits to produce a comprehensive source of recent information on important chemical constituents and the potential health benefits of these fruits in reference to the species E. oleracea and E. precatoria. In addition, information on botanical aspects, production chain and markets are presented.

Background and aimsTropical montane rainforests play an important role in increasing atmospheric N2O concentration. Although accurate estimations of N2O fluxes in tropical montane rainforests are critical for predicting global climate change, there are still considerable uncertainties about the spatial and temporal variability of the emissions. This study aims to investigate the effects of canopy gap caused by typhoons on N2O emissions, a key factor for understanding the spatial heterogeneity and supporting environmental regulations.MethodsN2O fluxes were measured monthly using static chambers both inside and outside two large canopy gaps in the tropical montane rainforest of the Jianfengling National Natural Reserve on Hainan Island, south of China, from August 2012 to July 2013.ResultsMean annual N2O emissions were 2.19 ± 0.43 kg N2O-N ha−1 yr−1 inside canopy gaps, and 1.19 ± 0.29 kg N2O-N ha−1 yr−1 outside canopy gaps, revealing substantial differences in N2O emissions resulting from forest structure. Moreover, N2O emission rates within canopy gaps during the wet season (2.89 kg N2O-N ha−1 yr−1) were significantly higher than those during the dry season (1.34 kg N2O-N ha−1 yr−1), suggesting strong regulation of soil moisture and precipitation in controlling soil N dynamics. However, there were significant nonlinear relationships between N2O fluxes and water filled pore space, and soil temperature within canopy gaps, but no significant relationships were found under the closed canopy.ConclusionsContribution of canopy gaps should be considered to avoid underestimation of N2O emission rates from disturbed forests. Interestingly, emissions from gaps are more strongly coupled with climate drivers (moisture and temperature), with important implications for climate change projections. Therefore, the further research is needed to study the biogeochemical processes and mechanisms behind such phenomenon.

The proposed Mesoamerican Biological Corridor (MBC) is an ambitious effort to stem the erosion of biodiversity in one of the world's biologically richest regions. The intent is to connect large existing parks and reserves with new protected areas by means of an extensive network of biological corridors within Mesoamerica/Central America to create an environment which provides better prospects for the long-term survival of native species while also addressing the region's socioeconomic needs. While the forest types in northern Central America generally receive some dry season rainfall, in the proposed protected regions, however, it is unclear whether current rainfall has been altered by regional land-use change.Based upon climatological rainfall records at 266 stations in Guatemala and adjacent areas, dry season rainfall in March is markedly lower in deforested areas than in forested areas of the same life zone for each of the widespread life zones. In general, dry season deforested habitats have higher daytime temperatures, are less cloudy, have lower estimated soil moisture and lower values of normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) than do forested habitats in the same life zone. The result is hotter and drier air over deforested regions, with lower values of cloud formation and precipitation. Rainfall is predicted from the correlation of raingauge measurements and observed cloud cover; moreover, March rainfall deficiencies > 25 mm are found for several Holdridge life zones. The data suggest that deforestation is locally intensifying the dry season, increasing the risk of fire, especially for the long corridor connecting regions. In addition, forest regeneration in some parts of the MBC may not result in second-growth forest that is characteristic of that life zone but rather in forest regeneration more typical of drier conditions. The extent to which this would influence the conservation utility of any given corridor depends upon the ecological requirements of the organisms concerned.

In an effort to prioritize conservation efforts, scientists have developed the concept of biodiversity hotspots. Since most hotspots occur in countries where poverty is widespread, the success of conservation efforts depends upon the recognition that poverty can be a significant constraint on conservation, and at the same time conservation is an important component to the alleviation of long-term poverty. In this paper we present five key socio-economic poverty indicators (access to water, undernourishment, potential population pressure, number living below poverty line and debt service) and integrate them with an ecologically based hotspots analysis in order to illustrate magnitude of the overlap between biological conservation and poverty. The analysis here suggests that the overlap between severe, multifaceted poverty and key areas of global biodiversity is great and needs to be acknowledged. Understanding the magnitude of overlap and interactions among poverty, conservation and macroeconomic processes is crucial for identifying illusive, yet possible, win–win solutions.

Protected areas (PAs) are considered key priorities for ensuring long-term sustainability of small islands. The traditional approach of conservation versus development is currently being replaced by an approach of “win–win” relationships. During the last decades PAs have been increasingly requested to simultaneously ensure biodiversity conservation, mainstream ecosystem services into main development policies, and accounting for leisure-related revenues to sustain local and regional economies.Following this new paradigm, the Smartparks project (Planning and Management System for Small Islands Protected Areas), encompassing this study, aimed at an innovative approach for supporting the management of PAs in small islands. In this study, we propose a methodology based on Environmental Functional Analyses (EFA) to compare the potential for conservation and the potential for use of PAs that can be used not only on small islands but also in other territories. For this purpose, a set of environmental and socio-economic components was defined and selected indicators describing each component to calculate conservation and use/development functions of PAs were established. Pico Island, in the Azores archipelago (Portugal), was selected as the case study for testing the methodology.The EFA for all PAs of Pico Island was performed identifying those with more potential for conservation or for development of human activities, and also those with high levels of conflict. A total of 34 indicators was applied (assigning a value from 1 to 3) to the 22 PAs composing the INP of Pico Island: 44% were scored with a value of 1, in both ecological and social components; 22% and 29% were scored 3 in ecological and social components respectively. Social indicators were generally considered less important than environmental ones. In general, PAs presented higher values for conservation. The results further show that the potential for conservation and/or development was consistent with the IUCN category and the objectives assigned to each PA at the time of its classification. However, most PAs are located in the conflict zone of the EFA matrix, revealing a high interaction between PAs conservation objectives and human activities, which brings concern to decision makers and PAs managers.Despite several limitations, the method allowed the performances of PAs to be compared, providing a suitable tool to support rapid assessments and monitoring of PA networks in small islands. The adaptation of the EFA to the PA domain traces a new path for estimating the multiple values of PAs and it may contribute to improve PA management and decision-making. The method could be further included as part of scenario exercise and adaptive management, supporting the prediction of the future evolution of PAs and assessing their potential for conservation in the future throughout the proposed indicators. Thus, the methodology is not exclusive for small islands contexts and, with necessary adaptations and rescaling, it could be a powerful tool in PAs network management worldwide.

Zanthoxylum L. (prickly ash) is the only genus in the Citrus L. family (Rutaceae) with a pantropical distribution. We present the first detailed phylogenetic and biogeographic study of the genus and its close relatives in the proto-Rutaceae group. Our phylogenetic analyses based on two plastid and two nuclear markers show that the genus Toddalia Juss. is nested within Zanthoxylum, that earlier generic and intrageneric classifications need revision, and that the homochlamydeous flowers of the temperate species of Zanthoxylum are the result of a reduction from heterochlamydeous flowers. The biogeographic analyses reveal a Eurasian origin of Zanthoxylum in the Paleocene or Eocene with successive intercontinental or long-range migrations. Zanthoxylum likely crossed the North Atlantic Land Bridges to colonize the Americas in the Eocene, and migrated back to the Old World probably via the Bering Land Bridge in the Oligocene or Miocene. Zanthoxylum also colonized several Pacific Islands and the Hawaiian clade shows phylogenetic incongruence between the plastid and nuclear datasets, suggesting hybridization. The Hawaiian species are one of the rare examples of endemic Hawaiian lineages that are older than the current main islands.

Amazon parrots (Genus Amazona) are among the most recognizable and imperiled of all birds. Several hypotheses regarding the evolutionary history of Amazona are investigated using a combined phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequence data from six partitions including mitochondrial (COI, 12S, and 16S) and nuclear (β-fibint7, RP40, and TROP) regions. The results demonstrate that Amazona is not monophyletic with respect to the placement of the Yellow-faced parrot (Amazona xanthops), as first implied by Ribeiro (1920). In addition, the analysis corroborates previous studies suggesting a Neotropical short-tailed parrot genus as sister to Amazona. At a finer level, the phylogeny resolves the Greater Antillean endemic species as constituting a monophyletic group, including the Central American Amazona albifrons, while further revealing a paraphyletic history for the extant Amazon species of the Lesser Antilles. The reconstructed phylogeny provides further insights into the mainland sources of the Antillean Amazona, reveals areas of taxonomic uncertainty within the genus, and presents historical information that may be included in conservation priority-setting for Amazon parrots.

We examined the use of data from the North American Breeding Bird Survey (BBS) for assessments of ecological condition using an avian community-based indicator, the Bird Community Index (BCI). In previous research, the BCI was developed and applied to a random sample of sites in the Mid-Atlantic Highlands. The goal of providing national scale assessments with bird community indicators hinges on a demonstration that existing monitoring programs, like the BBS, can be tapped as source data for the indicators. Our goal was to compare a BBS-based assessment of the Mid-Atlantic Highlands to our original assessment based on random sampling locations. We subsampled three iterations of BBS route data from the study area to account for spatial and temporal scale differences between 40 km BBS routes and the original 1 km transects sampled to develop the BCI. All three iterations of BBS subsamples provided lower overall assessments of ecological condition for the Mid-Atlantic Highlands relative to our original research. Land cover analysis, however, revealed that BBS routes sampled land cover types in proportion to their actual prevalence in the region. Thus, we conclude that BBS data are appropriate as source data for broad scale ecological assessments with indicators such as the BCI. For numerous analytical and logistical reasons, we recommend 10-stop subsamples of BBS data as the preferred scale at which to apply bird community indicators of ecological condition.

Mercury contamination in freshwater food webs can be severe and persistent, and freshwater fish are a major source of mercury contamination in humans. Northern hemisphere studies suggest that the primary pathway by which freshwater fish accumulate mercury is the food web, and that atmospheric deposition is the primary route by which mercury enters freshwater systems. Levels of atmospheric deposition are closely linked to proximity to sources of mercury emissions. These propositions have not been tested in the southern hemisphere. In this study, we measured mercury levels at three lakes in southern Brazil and assessed relationships between mercury in precipitation, lake water, sediment and fish tissues at sites close to (industrial and suburban areas) and distant from (protected conservation area) sources of mercury emissions. We also assessed relationships between mercury in fish species and their trophic habits. Mercury concentrations in sediment and lake water did not vary among lakes. In contrast, mercury in precipitation at the study lakes increased with proximity to industrial sources. Mercury in fish tissue generally increased along the same gradient, but also varied with trophic level and preferred depth zone. Atmospheric mercury deposition to these closed lakes may be directly linked to concentrations in fish, with surface-feeding piscivorous species attaining the highest concentrations.

ine of many coral reef ecosystems in recent decades surprised experienced managers and researchers. It shattered old paradigms that these diverse ecosystems are spatially uniform and temporally stable on the scale of millennia. We now see reefs as heterogeneous, fragile, globally stressed ecosystems structured by strong positive or negative feedback processes. We review the causes and consequences of reef decline and ask whether management practices are addressing the problem at appropriate scales. We conclude that both science and management are currently failing to address the comanagement of extractive activities and ecological processes that drive ecosystems (e.g. productivity and herbivory). Most reef conservation efforts are directed toward reserve implementation, but new approaches are needed to sustain ecosystem function in exploited areas.

The present-day vegetation in the tropics is mainly characterized by forests worldwide except in tropical East Africa, where forests only occur as patches at the coast and in the uplands. These forest patches result from the peculiar aridity that is linked to the uplift of the region during the Late Cenozoic. The Late Cenozoic vegetation history of East Africa is of particular interest as it has set the scene for the contemporary events in mammal and hominin evolution. In this study, we investigate the conditions under which these forest patches could have been connected, and a previous continuous forest belt could have extended and fragmented. We apply a dynamic vegetation model with a set of climatic scenarios in which we systematically alter the present-day environmental conditions such that they would be more favourable for a continuous forest belt in tropical East Africa. We consider varying environmental factors, namely temperature, precipitation and atmospheric CO2 concentrations. Our results show that all of these variables play a significant role in supporting the forest biomes and a continuous forest belt could have occurred under certain combinations of these settings. With our current knowledge of the palaeoenvironmental history of East Africa, it is likely that the region hosted these conditions during the Late Cenozoic. Recent improvements on environmental hypotheses of hominin evolution highlight the role of periods of short and extreme climate variability during the Late Cenozoic specific to East Africa in driving evolution. Our results elucidate how the forest biomes of East Africa can appear and disappear under fluctuating environmental conditions and demonstrate how this climate variability might be recognized on the biosphere level.

Fire is used worldwide to clear natural vegetation areas for economic activities and to manage the regeneration of already opened sites. In Brazil, fire has been traditionally used to convert natural vegetation areas to agricultural lands (slash and burn) and to manage pastures for livestock. We developed the Burned Area Spectral Mixture Analysis (BASMA) algorithm in Google Earth Engine, which is designed to process Landsat data to produce a multi-temporal fire scar database representing annual burned area for an extent of 362,000 km2 in the transition zone between the Amazon forest and the Cerrado biome. This region is considered a conservation hotspot, given its high deforestation rates over the last four decades. We digitally processed a 32-year time-series (1985 to 2017) of Landsat 5 Thematic Mapper, Landsat 7 Enhanced Thematic Mapper+, and Landsat 8 Operational Land Imager data to map fire scars based on sub-pixel char fraction, aiming to generate a consistent burned area product at a finer scale and covering a longer period than those currently available for the region. Manually interpreted reference burned area polygons for each annual mosaic was used to guide the definition of the best fire scar endmember and its fraction threshold. To assess our BASMA-delineated fire scar, they were compared to independent datasets of manually delineated burned area produced by visual analysis of finer spatial resolution imagery, returning an average Dice Coefficient value of 0.86. Accuracy was also measured against the 30-meter Burned Area product available at the ‘Queimadas’ data portal. A total of 11,106,258 ha was mapped as having been affected by fire during the annual dry season over the 32 years, which represents 30.7% of the study region. Results showed a decreasing trend in the annual amount of burned area over the time-series. It reflects a similar pattern shown in the deforestation rate for the Legal Amazon, measured by the Brazilian National Institute for Space Research - INPE. Moreover, the Cerrado biome subset of the study region consistently showed higher burned area when compared to the Amazon forest subset. Our findings provide robust evidence that our approach is a consistent method to identify and delineate fire scars for large areas over a long time-series in a very efficient fashion, given the digital processing power of Google Earth Engine, which reduces the time necessary to analyze such big amount of data.

