Title: 'Population and Habitat of the Amur Tiger in the Russian Far East'
Author: 'Dmitry G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2078152015000152
Abstract: 'AbstractIn the beginning of 19th century, the range (areal) of Panthera tigris altaica included the forest part of the Korean Peninsula, the northern provinces of China, and the left bank of the Amur River in Russia and approached Transbaikalia and Yakutia. By the late 1930s, the number of tigers in Russia had decreased to 20\xe2\x80\x9330 individuals. Protections against hunting (1947), the entrapment of tiger cubs (1965), and a lack of a market for tiger derivatives contributed to growth in tiger numbers. By the 1960s, the tiger population in Russia had increased to 100\xe2\x80\x93110 individuals. According to a count in 1970, the population of tigers had reached 140\xe2\x80\x93150 individuals. At this point in time, the range covered the forest territory of Primorsky Krai and southern Khabarovsky Krai. The last two total counts (1995\xe2\x80\x9396 and 2004\xe2\x80\x9305) revealed a further increase in the numbers to 450\xe2\x80\x93500 animals and a range of 156,000\xc2\xa0km2. The latest recordings have confirmed the maximum numbers of tigers in the Sikhote-Alin and Lazovsky reserves and adjacent territories. However, the small areas of the reserves and their territorial separation preclude the maintenance of or increases in the population to or beyond 400\xe2\x80\x93500 adult animals, which in genetic terms, would ensure the long-term conservation of the tiger. Further conservation of the region requires the assignment of two protective zones of 45,000\xe2\x80\x9350,000\xc2\xa0km2 with centres in the Sikhote-Alin and Lazovsky reserves. Within these protective zones, economic development involving any type of forest felling or ungulate hunting should be fully prohibited. The creation of protective zones is the only route to preserving the natural complex of the Sikhote-Alin, including the Amur tiger in Russia.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleAre conflict-causing tigers different? Another perspective for understanding human-tiger conflict in Chitwan National Park, Nepal'
Author: 'B.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417300604
Abstract: "AbstractWe analyzed characteristics of the problem-causing tigers in Chitwan National Park (Nepal) to determine if specific groups or individuals in the source population have higher probability to get involved in conflicts with humans. From 2007 to 2016 we identified a total of 22 such tigers including 13 that killed humans, six serial livestock killers and three tigers that threatened human safety (with no reported human and livestock casualty). Thirteen of these tigers were controlled or killed and four were relocated. We compared a subset of 15 \xe2\x80\x98problem tigers\xe2\x80\x99 involved in conflict between 2009 and 2013 with the Chitwan's tiger population obtained from three different sessions of camera trapping (2009, 2010 and 2013). We found that <5% of this source population (tigers recorded in camera trap) were involved in conflict. We conclude that transient tigers without a territory or physically impaired animals are more likely to be involved in conflict and recommend an early warning system be adopted to anticipate conflicts before they occur. This system should include regular monitoring and timely identification of problem tigers followed by decisive management action to either remove the tiger or encourage local people to modify their behavior to reduce the risk of conflict."

Title: 'Original Research ArticleIdentifying landscape factors affecting tiger decline in the Bangladesh Sundarbans'
Author: 'Abu Naser Mohsin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418300350
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Sundarbans Forest (\xe2\x88\xbc10,000\xe2\x80\xafkm2) represents the only mangrove ecosystem inhabited by tigers Panthera tigris. However, in the Bangladesh portion of the Sundarbans (\xe2\x88\xbc6,000\xe2\x80\xafkm2) tigers appear to have declined. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of a range of environmental and landscape variables in possible changes in the relative abundance of tigers in the Bangladesh Sundarbans over a five-year period (2007\xe2\x80\x932011). In 2007, 2011 tiger relative abundance was assessed using sign surveys. Using regression models we investigated changes in relative abundance versus multiple landscape variables (human disturbance associated with villages and commercial shipping lanes, distance to the international border with India where there is enhanced patrolling, presence of forest guard stations, number of criminal prosecutions and forest protection status). Tiger relative abundance was higher in 2007 and declined by 2011 with changes best explained by the proximity to international boundaries. This result might have been affected by the high levels of security patrols at the India-Bangladesh border along with cross border tiger movement between India and Bangladesh. Neighboring tiger range countries could strengthen cross-border law enforcement, increasing protection of dispersing animals. Particularly alarming was the absence of a positive effect of protected areas relative to those outside the protected area system or forest guard stations, implying a lack of management effectiveness suggesting an urgent need for an improved strategy for managing tigers and their habitats.'

Title: 'Original research articleFrom intent to action: A case study for the expansion of tiger conservation from southern India'
Author: 'Sanjay'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416301019
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2To conserve the tiger it is critical to enable the persistence of the species across larger landscapes.\xe2\x80\xa2Establishing protected areas for tiger recovery remains one of the means of landscape approach.\xe2\x80\xa2While the gazetting of protected areas is necessary to enable this, it is not sufficient.\xe2\x80\xa2It is essential to benchmark and monitor the process that enable the recovery of tigers.AbstractTo conserve a large, wide-ranging carnivore like the tiger, it is critical not only to maintain populations at key habitat sites, but also to enable the persistence of the species across much larger landscapes. To do this, it is important to establish well-linked habitat networks where sites for survival and reproduction of tigers are complemented by opportunities for dispersal and colonization. On the ground, expanding protection to areas with a potential for tiger recovery still remains the means of operationalizing the landscape approach. Yet, while the gazetting of protected areas is necessary to enable this, it is not sufficient. It is essential to benchmark and monitor the process by which establishment of protected areas must necessarily be followed by management changes that enable a recovery of tigers, their prey and their habitats. In this paper, we report a case study from the Cauvery and Malai Mahadeshwara Hills Wildlife Sanctuaries of southern India, where we document the infrastructural and institutional changes that ensued after an unprecedented expansion of protected areas in this landscape. Further, we establish ecological benchmarks of the abundance and distribution of tigers, the relative abundance of their prey, and the status of their habitats, against which the recovery of tigers in this area of vast conservation potential may be assessed over time.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleUsing non-invasively collected genetic data to estimate density and population size of tigers in the Bangladesh Sundarbans'
Author: 'M. Abdul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417301130
Abstract: 'AbstractPopulation density is a key parameter to monitor endangered carnivores in the wild. The photographic capture-recapture method has been widely used for decades to monitor tigers, Panthera tigris, however the application of this method in the Sundarbans tiger landscape is challenging due to logistical difficulties. Therefore, we carried out molecular analyses of DNA contained in non-invasively collected genetic samples to assess the tiger population in the Bangladesh Sundarbans within a spatially explicit capture-recapture (SECR) framework. By surveying four representative sample areas totalling 1994\xc2\xa0km2 of the Bangladesh Sundarbans, we collected 440 suspected tiger scat and hair samples. Genetic screening of these samples provided 233 authenticated tiger samples, which we attempted to amplify at 10 highly polymorphic microsatellite loci. Of these, 105 samples were successfully amplified, representing 45 unique genotype profiles. The capture-recapture analyses of these unique genotypes within the SECR model provided a density estimate of 2.85\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa0SE 0.44 tigers/100\xc2\xa0km2 (95% CI: 1.99\xe2\x80\x933.71 tigers/100\xc2\xa0km2) for the area sampled, and an estimate of 121 tigers (95% CI: 84\xe2\x80\x93158 tigers) for the total area of the Bangladesh Sundarbans. We demonstrate that this non-invasive genetic surveillance can be an additional approach for monitoring tiger populations in a landscape where camera-trapping is challenging.'

Title: 'Assessing the Influence of Environmental Parameters on Amur Tiger Distribution in the Russian Far East Using a MaxEnt Modeling Approach'
Author: 'D.S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2078152015000036
Abstract: 'AbstractA better understanding of which biological and anthropogenic parameters are strong predictors of suitable habitats for tigers will help address conservation planning in those areas, which is crucial for maintaining connectivity and preventing further population fragmentation. The aim of this study was to develop a spatial model based on a number of environmental and anthropogenic variables as well as tiger presence data from a 2005 large-scale winter survey to predict Amur tiger distribution within its range in the RFE. Modeling the geographic distribution of Amur tigers required an application of the MaxEnt algorithm using a dataset of 1027 tiger track records and a set of environmental variables, such as distance to rivers, elevation and habitat type, and anthropogenic variables, such as distance to forest and main roads, distance to settlements and vegetation cover change. The models were divided into two groups based on elevation and habitat type. Elevation (AUC\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.821) appeared to be a better predictor of habitat suitability for tigers than habitat type (AUC\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.784).'

Title: 'Modeling tiger population and territory dynamics using an agent-based approach'
Author: 'Neil'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304380015002574
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We integrated territoriality into an agent-based model of tiger population dynamics.\xe2\x80\xa2The model was based on theories about resource use and conspecific interactions.\xe2\x80\xa2Model outputs closely matched real patterns observed in Nepal's Chitwan National Park.\xe2\x80\xa2The model can be a very useful tool for wildlife researchers and conservation planners.AbstractEffective conservation planning of globally endangered tigers (Panthera tigris) requires a good understanding of their population dynamics. Territoriality, an essential characteristic of many wildlife species, plays a crucial role in the population dynamics of tigers. However, previous models of tiger population dynamics have not adequately incorporated territoriality. We therefore developed and implemented a spatially explicit agent-based model of tiger population dynamics shaped by different territorial behaviors of males and females. To allow for predictions to new conditions, for which no data exist, territories are not imposed but emerge from the tigers\xe2\x80\x99 perception of habitat quality and from their interactions with each other. Tiger population dynamics is deduced from merging territory dynamics with observed demographic rates. We apply the model to Nepal's Chitwan National Park, part of a global biodiversity hotspot and home to a large (\xe2\x88\xbc125) population of tigers. Our model matched closely with observed patterns of the real tiger population in the park, including reproduction, mortality, dispersal, resource selection, male and female land tenure, territory size and spatial distribution, and tiger population size and age structure. The ultimate purpose of the model, which will be presented in follow-up work, is to explore human-tiger interactions and assess threats to tiger populations across contexts and scales. The model can thus be used to better inform decision makers on how to conserve tigers under uncertain and changing future conditions."

Title: 'Original Research ArticleInvestigating patterns of tiger and prey poaching in the Bangladesh Sundarbans: Implications for improved management'
Author: 'M. Abdul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416301287
Abstract: 'AbstractPoaching of tigers and their key prey threatens the survival of tigers across their range. This study investigated the methods, intensity, and driving factors of tiger and prey poaching in the Sundarbans Reserved Forest of Bangladesh, to help better design and direct future management interventions. The study identified a range of snaring methods used to catch prey and an approach to killing tigers by poisoning prey carcasses with a Carbofuran pesticide. We recorded six poisoned baits set to kill tigers and 1427 snare loops in 56 snare sets to kill tiger prey. With an average of 23 snare loops/snare set, this is equivalent to an estimated 6268 snare loops across the Sundarbans or 147 snare loops/100 km2. Poachers selected sites that tended to be away from guard posts, and close to river banks, but were not influenced by protected area status or distance to the forest boundary. The current poaching pressure is likely to have contributed to a recent decline in relative tiger abundance. We recommend using better regulation of Carbofuran use across tiger range countries, and using remote camera traps set up around snares and poisoned baits to help authorities identify poachers for arrest. This study demonstrates a simple approach to investigating the methods, intensity and distribution of poaching, that could be replicated across all tiger landscapes to better direct mitigating actions and monitor changes in threat levels over time.'

Title: 'An assessment of South China tiger reintroduction potential in Hupingshan and Houhe National Nature Reserves, China'
Author: 'Yiyuan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006320714004170
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The South China tiger is the most endangered tiger subspecies.\xe2\x80\xa2We evaluate the reintroduction potential of the South China tiger in China.\xe2\x80\xa2We model habitat suitability for two tiger prey species, wild boar and Sika deer.\xe2\x80\xa2The Hupingshan\xe2\x80\x93Houhe National Nature Reserve complex would support only a small population of tigers.\xe2\x80\xa2Limited habitat, insufficient prey base, and too many people will constrain reintroduction efforts.AbstractHuman-caused biodiversity loss is a global problem, large carnivores are particularly threatened, and the tiger (Panthera tigris) is among the world\xe2\x80\x99s most endangered large carnivores. The South China tiger (Panthera tigris amoyensis) is the most critically endangered tiger subspecies and is considered functionally extinct in the wild. The government of China has expressed its intent to reintroduce a small population of South China tigers into a portion of their historic range as part of a larger goal to recover wild tiger populations in China. This would be the world\xe2\x80\x99s first major tiger reintroduction program. A free-ranging population of 15\xe2\x80\x9320 tigers living in a minimum of 1000\xc2\xa0km2 of habitat was identified as a target. We assessed summer and winter habitat suitability of two critical prey species, wild boar (Sus scrofa) and Sika deer (Cervus nippon), using GIS spatial models to evaluate the potential for tiger reintroduction in one likely candidate site, the 1100\xc2\xa0km2 Hupingshan\xe2\x80\x93Houhe National Nature Reserve complex in Hunan and Hubei Provinces, China. Our preliminary analysis estimates that for wild boar, potential summer and winter habitat availability is 372\xe2\x80\x93714\xc2\xa0km2 and 256\xe2\x80\x93690\xc2\xa0km2, respectively, whereas for Sika deer, potential summer and winter habitat availability is 443\xe2\x80\x93747\xc2\xa0km2 and 257\xe2\x80\x93734\xc2\xa0km2, respectively. Our model identifies potential priority areas for release and restoration of prey between 195 and 790\xc2\xa0km2 with a carrying capacity of 596\xe2\x80\x932409 wild boar and 468\xe2\x80\x931929 Sika deer. Our analysis suggests that Hupingshan\xe2\x80\x93Houhe could support a small population of 2\xe2\x80\x939 tigers at a density of 1.1\xe2\x80\x931.2 tigers/100\xc2\xa0km2 following prey and habitat restorations. Thus, current habitat quality and area would fall short of the target recovery goal. We identify major challenges facing a potential tiger reintroduction project and conclude that restoring the habitat and prey base, addressing concerns of local people, and enhancing coordination across park boundaries are significant challenges to meeting the broader goals of supporting a reintroduced wild tiger population. Tiger range states have committed to doubling the world\xe2\x80\x99s wild tigers by 2022. The results of this study have implications for China\xe2\x80\x99s commitment to this goal and for the future of tiger and other large carnivore reintroduction efforts in Asia and globally.'

Title: 'Prediction of Potential Habitat for South China Tiger (Panthera tigris) Based on GIS and Web Datasets'
Author: 'Ming Yang'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1878029611004506
Abstract: 'AbstractDistribution map of South China tiger made from the Chinese State Forestry Administration survey report in 2001 and 33 environmental variables from open web datasets were gathered, four modeling methods of Logistic Regression (LR), Classification and Regression Trees (CART), Genetic Algorithm for Rule-Set Prediction (GARP), maximum entropy method (Maxent) were introduced to generate potential geographic distribution maps for South China Tiger in China. Then three statistical criteria of the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic curve (AUC), correlation (COR) and Kappa were calculated to evaluate the performance of the models, followed by analysis of major contribution variables. Results showed that, precipitation of coldest quarter (bio19, 61.8%), soil type (soil, 17.8%), precipitation of wettest quarter (bio16, 7.8%), mean diurnal range (bio2, 4.9%), forest coverage (tree_cover, 3.7%) were the five forcing environmental factors; 10 counties in provincial borders of Jiangxi, Fujian and Zhejiang in Wuyi Mountains should become the key areas for South China tiger conservation.'

Title: 'Research LettersRichness and composition of tiger moths (Erebidae: Arctiinae) in a Neotropical savanna: are heterogeneous habitats richer in species?'
Author: 'Carolina'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1679007314000115
Abstract: 'AbstractSeveral studies have found a positive relationship between habitat complexity and species richness. Here, we sampled Arctiinae moths in a savanna-forest gradient to test if (1) structurally complex habitats harbour more species and individuals than simple habitats, (2) composition of Arctiinae moths in forests is dissimilar from the other vegetation types, and (3) due to its strong association with the vegetation the tribe Arctiini will present more consistent results to the first two hypotheses when compared to the tribe Lithosiini. Species richness was higher in more complex vegetation types. Forest and savanna had distinct Arctiinae species composition. These findings were more consistent to Arctiini than to Lithosiini because Arctiini feeds on a great range of plant species whereas Lithosiini has a specialized diet on lichens, algae and bryophytes.'

Title: 'Original research articleConnecting the fragmented habitat of endangered mammals in the landscape of Riau\xe2\x80\x93Jambi\xe2\x80\x93Sumatera Barat (RIMBA), central Sumatra, Indonesia (connecting the fragmented habitat due to road development)'
Author: 'Barano Siswa'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S235198941630110X
Abstract: 'AbstractThe trend of wildlife habitat fragmentation worldwide continues as a result of anthropogenic activities on development of a linear infrastructure and land use changes, which is often implemented as part of spatial planning policies. In this paper we expand upon an existing approach to design wildlife corridors through habitat quality assessment. We used models of Habitat Quality of Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Trade-offs (InVEST) and Corridor Design tools. The habitat quality model of InVEST provides a rapid approach to assess status and change of biodiversity, and can contribute to enhanced corridor design of fragmented wildlife habitat. We conducted an assessment of habitat quality of the RIMBA corridor landscape, which is part of Riau, Jambi and West Sumatra provinces of central Sumatra Island. The result of the habitat quality model was used as the main input to evaluate habitat connectivity and assess the target segment of roads that cross the modelled corridor. We found 20 wildland blocks, the total area of the corridor modelled including wildland blocks was calculated as about 0.77 million hectares. We have obtained accurate quantitative measurement of the length of roads crossing the corridor, with a total of 417.78 km (artery 10.31 km; collector 19.52 km; and local 1987.9 km roads). This method can be replicated as an approach in valuing the quality of habitat as part of the implementation of the presidential decree of Sumatra Island Spatial Planning. This may also be applied to the spatial planning of other major islands in Indonesia and elsewhere.'

Title: 'ReportThe Genetic Basis of White Tigers'
Author: 'Xiao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982213004958
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Whole-genome sequencing enables mapping of the white tiger mutation\xe2\x80\xa2A single amino acid change in transporter SLC45A2 causes the white tiger phenotype\xe2\x80\xa2The white tiger mutation primarily affects the red/yellow pheomelanin pathway\xe2\x80\xa2The white tiger variant is viable in the wild and a natural polymorphism of the tigerSummaryThe white tiger, an elusive Bengal tiger (Panthera tigris tigris) variant with white fur and dark stripes, has fascinated humans for centuries ever since its discovery in the jungles of India [1]. Many white tigers in captivity are inbred in order to maintain this autosomal recessive trait [2, 3, 4, 5] and consequently suffer some health problems, leading to the controversial speculation that the white tiger mutation is perhaps a genetic defect [6]. However, the genetic basis of this phenotype remains unknown. Here, we conducted genome-wide association mapping with restriction-site-associated DNA sequencing (RAD-seq) in a pedigree of 16 captive tigers segregating at the putative white locus, followed by whole-genome sequencing (WGS) of the three parents. Validation in 130 unrelated tigers identified the causative mutation to be an amino acid change (A477V) in the transporter protein SLC45A2. Three-dimensional homology modeling suggests that the substitution may partially block the transporter channel cavity and thus affect melanogenesis. We demonstrate the feasibility of combining RAD-seq and WGS to rapidly map exotic variants in nonmodel organisms. Our results identify the basis of the longstanding white tiger mystery as the same gene underlying color variation in human, horse, and chicken and highlight its significance as part of the species\xe2\x80\x99 natural polymorphism that is viable in the wild.'

Title: 'Impact of cyclones and aquatic macrophytes on recruitment and landings of tiger prawns Penaeus esculentus in Exmouth Gulf, Western Australia'
Author: 'N.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0272771413001522
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We investigated changes in macrophyte cover and prawns following a major cyclone.\xe2\x80\xa2The cover of seagrass and macroalgae declined greatly but then recovered in four years.\xe2\x80\xa2Prawn recruitment and landings declined one year after the cyclone and then recovered.\xe2\x80\xa2Prawn populations are resilient to fishing and changes in the extent of macrophytes.AbstractThe cover of seagrasses and macroalgae, landings and fishery-independent measures of spawning stock and recruitment for brown tiger prawns, were monitored immediately following a major cyclone in Exmouth Gulf, Western Australia in March 1999. Anecdotal evidence on the extent of seagrass from 1990 to 1998 suggests that the cyclone caused a major, immediate disruption and loss of the seagrass/macroalgal beds (to \xe2\x89\xa42% cover), the critical prawn nursery habitat, and mangroves in the shallow inshore waters of the system. Prawn landings and recruitment to the fishery were not affected in the year of the\xc2\xa0cyclone, but were markedly lower in the two years immediately afterwards and then increased as the\xc2\xa0cover of macrophytes increased to over 40% in 2003. Tiger prawn landings and catch rates were not\xc2\xa0affected in Shark Bay, a system 500\xc2\xa0km south of Exmouth Gulf that did not experience cyclonic disturbance. Seagrasses in Exmouth Gulf showed a succession of species from small colonising species\xc2\xa0(Halophila ovalis and Halodule uninervis) to larger, broad-leaved species (Cymodocea serrulata, Syringodium isoetifolium) only two years after the cyclone. The recruitment and landings of tiger prawns were correlated significantly with the total cover of macroalgae and seagrass. The large loss of seagrass and macroalgae reduced the settling habitat for postlarvae and the nursery habitat for juvenile tiger prawns, probably leading to the lower recruitment to the fishery. These findings suggest that the extent of seagrass and macroalgae are some of the factors defining the productivity of the tiger prawn fishery in Exmouth Gulf.'

Title: 'News focusTiger in the bank'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982210006986
Abstract: 'SummaryBiodiversity 2010: Is it time to give up on the tiger? Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Original research articleImpacts of people and tigers on leopard spatiotemporal activity patterns in a global biodiversity hotspot'
Author: 'Neil'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989414000833
Abstract: 'AbstractLeopard population declines largely occur in areas where leopards and people frequently interact. Research on how leopards respond to human presence and competitors, like other predators, can provide important insights on leopard ecology and conservation in human-dominated regions; however, such research is lacking. Here we used data from field cameras in 2010 and 2011 to examine how human presence, prey, and tigers influence leopard spatiotemporal activity patterns in and around Nepal\xe2\x80\x99s Chitwan National Park, part of a global biodiversity hotspot. We found that leopards were adjusting their spatiotemporal activity patterns to both tigers and people, but by different mechanisms. Leopards spatially avoided tigers in 2010, but were generally active at the same times of day that tigers were. Despite pervasive human presence, people on foot and vehicles had no significant effect on leopard detection and space use, but leopard temporal activity was displaced from those periods of time with highest human activity. Temporal displacement from humans was especially pronounced outside the park, where there is a much greater prevalence of natural resource collection by local people. Continuing to evaluate the interconnections among leopards, tigers, prey, and people across different land management regimes is needed to develop robust landscape-scale conservation strategies.'

Title: 'Teleodynamics and institutional change: The hardship of protecting the Amur tiger, big-leaf mahogany, and gray wolf'
Author: 'Juha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1617138115000515
Abstract: 'AbstractThe global biodiversity is in decline because modern societies are organized for that purpose. The design, implementation and enforcement of international, regional and national environmental policies have not helped to reverse the trend. In our paper, we analyze the hardship of protecting the gray wolf in Finland, the big-leaf mahogany in Peru, and the Amur tiger in Russia. Our comparative approach is based on the old institutional economics, and our key concept \xe2\x80\x93 the unit of analysis \xe2\x80\x93 is a transaction, i.e. enactment, practice and transfer of formal and informal rights to future benefits. Transactions challenge, disturb and re-organize the existing institutional scaffold. William Connolly (The Fragility of Things, 2013) and Terrence Deacon (Incomplete Nature, 2012) have recently argued that teleodynamics, the purposeful and end-directed behaviors and the reactions and disturbances in other related ententional behaviors are key to understand not only the dynamics of institutional change per se but also, and especially so, the emergent patterns of behavior resulting from resistance and adaptation. These teleodynamic consequences reveal the problems in institutional fit, i.e. how the institutional arrangements, particular customary circumstances and habitual actors fit together. We abduct three types of emerging order springing from the reactions to national biodiversity policies: (i) the practice of faking the institutional fit, (ii) the practice of disobedience; and, (iii) willingness to take part in the making of new institutional arrangements. These vary according to the purpose, working rules (set of rights) and motivation. We explain the interrelated meaning of purpose, working rules and motivation in the context of institutional fit in detail. In our cases, the fit is not exactly the one envisioned through the authoritative rules and the purpose of institutional conservation, but it is an order nevertheless, and that order is not necessarily good for endangered species.'

Title: 'Landscape scale habitat suitability modelling of bats in the Western Ghats of India: Bats like something in their tea'
Author: 'Claire F.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006320715300562
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2First study of bats in tea plantations, first fine scale tropical bat HSM.\xe2\x80\xa2Many bats live in tea dominated landscapes if there is adequate native tree cover.\xe2\x80\xa2Shade coffee with native trees can be suitable even for some forest specialist bats.\xe2\x80\xa2Replanting even small forest patches will help bats, including forest specialists.\xe2\x80\xa2Riparian areas are important for all species not just riparian specialists.AbstractTo conserve biodiversity it is imperative that we understand how different species respond to land use change, and determine the scales at which habitat changes affect species' persistence. We used habitat suitability models (HSMs) at spatial scales from 100\xe2\x80\x934000\xc2\xa0m to address these concerns for bats in the Western Ghats of India, a biodiversity hotspot of global importance where the habitat requirements of bats are poorly understood. We used acoustic and capture data to build fine scale HSMs for ten species (Hesperoptenus tickelli, Miniopterus fuliginosus, Miniopterus pusillus, Myotis horsfieldii, Pipistrellus ceylonicus, Megaderma spasma, Hipposideros pomona, Rhinolophus beddomei, Rhinolophus indorouxii and Rhinolophus lepidus) in a tea-dominated landscape. Small (100\xe2\x80\x93500\xc2\xa0m) scale habitat variables (e.g. percentage tea plantation cover) and distances to habitat features (e.g. distance to water) were the strongest predictors of bat occurrence, likely due to their high mobility, which enables them to exploit even small or isolated foraging areas. Most species showed a positive response to coffee plantations grown under native shade and to forest fragments, but a negative response to more heavily modified tea plantations. Two species were never recorded in tea plantations. This is the first study of bats in tea plantations globally, and the first ecological Old World bat study to combine acoustic and capture data. Our results suggest that although bats respond negatively to tea plantations, tea-dominated landscapes that also contain forest fragments and shade coffee can nevertheless support many bat species."

Title: 'Comparative study of the reproductive performance and White Spot Syndrome Virus (WSSV) status of black tiger shrimp (Penaeus monodon) collected from the Bay of Bengal'
Author: 'Partho'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0044848613006911
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2WSSV is a major problem for the shrimp industry in Bangladesh.\xe2\x80\xa2WSSV prevalence in wild broodstock is related to the depth they are captured at.\xe2\x80\xa2WSSV is negatively correlated with reproductive performance of shrimp broods.\xe2\x80\xa2Use of domesticated SPF broods is required to reduce the risk of WSSV.AbstractA comparative study to assess length, weight, fecundity, hatching rate and White Spot Syndrome Virus (WSSV) prevalence in black tiger shrimp (Penaeus monodon) broods collected from shallow and deep water zones of the Bay of Bengal was carried out in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. Average size and reproductive performance of broods from the deep zone were significantly higher than those of broods caught from the shallow zone. The incidence of WSSV infection in shallow zone broods was much higher than that in deep zone broods. The association between depth zone and WSSV infection is independent of brood size. WSSV infection is negatively associated with hatching rate, irrespective of location. Exclusive use of tiger shrimp broods collected from the deep zone could reduce vertical transmission of WSSV by 46% without additional management measures. A variety of economic, social and ecological factors make this potential solution unworkable however. A better alternative could be to promote the use of domesticated P. monodon broods."

Title: 'Ten years of the Tiger: Aedes albopictus presence in Australia since its discovery in the Torres Strait in 2005'
Author: 'Andrew F.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352771415300161
Abstract: 'AbstractThe \xe2\x80\x9cAsian tiger mosquito\xe2\x80\x9d, Aedes albopictus, is highly invasive, an aggressive biter and a major arbovirus vector. It is not currently present on mainland Australia despite being intercepted on numerous occasions at international ports and infesting the Torres Strait of Australia since at least 2004. In the current paper, we describe the invasion and current status of Ae. albopictus in the Torres Strait, as well as research conducted to assess the threat of this species becoming established in arbovirus transmission cycles on the Australian mainland. Genetic analysis of the invading population demonstrated that the Indonesian region was the likely origin of the invasion and not Papua New Guinea (PNG) as initially suspected. There was also intermixing between Torres Strait, PNG and Indonesian populations, indicating that the species could be re-introduced into the Torres Strait compromising any successful eradication programme. Vector competence experiments with endemic and exotic viruses revealed that Ae. albopictus from the Torres Strait are efficient alphavirus vectors, but less efficient flavivirus vectors. Ae.albopictus obtains blood meals from a range of vertebrate hosts (including humans), indicating that it could play a role in both zoonotic and human-mosquito arbovirus transmission cycles in Australia. Predictive models coupled with climate tolerance experiments suggest that a Torres Strait strain of Ae. albopictus could colonise southern Australia by overwintering in the egg stage before proliferating in the warmer months. Cohabitation experiments demonstrated that the presence of Aedes notoscriptus larvae in containers would not prevent the establishment of Ae. albopictus. Evidence from these studies, coupled with global experience suggests that we need to be prepared for the imminent invasion of Australia by Ae. albopictus by thoroughly understanding its biology and being willing to embrace emerging control technologies.'

Title: 'Design ond Implementation of Zoopedia: Behaviour of Non Playable Character (NPC) of Tiger Hunting the Prey\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Heri Ahmad'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877042812053074
Abstract: 'AbstractZoopedia is an application that can provide information about animals by displaying a variety of visualizations, such as texts, images, videos, and simulations using 3-dimensional objects (3D) which allow it to interact with the users. Zoopedia application is more focused on developing simulations of animal behavior which is expected by the visualization of this simulation so that the user can obtain a more tangible experience of animal behavior. To obtain a realistic simulation quality, virtual animal agent which is an actor in the simulation should be made as identical as possible with the actual animal. In a game or an agent simulation that behaves in a virtual environment that is not controlled by the user, usually called Non Playable Character (NPC). NPC behavior can provide an overview of a certain situation or condition in a simulation. This study aims to design and implement tiger NPC behavior in Zoopedia application by using Finite State Mechine (FSM) method for decision making. NPC tiger behavior is designed to provide the closest to the actual behavior, then added a few attributes, such as energy, stamina and speed. Behaviors designed in this study includes deterministic and nondeterministic behaviors. The results obtained show that in general the NPC has behaved according to the design. Although the behavior of the NPC in this simulation has given a good impression on the users, this simulation still needs further development so that the simulation produced will be more dynamic. Further, it can be developed into more nondeterministic behaviors and also possible other algorithms that correspond to the behavior of animals that will be developed.'

Title: 'News focusNew support for polar bears and tigers'
Author: 'Nigel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982210015824
Abstract: 'SummaryTwo events have bolstered conservation efforts. Nigel Williams reports.'

Title: 'ReportGenetic Assimilation and the Postcolonization Erosion of Phenotypic Plasticity in Island Tiger Snakes'
Author: 'Fabien'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982209017758
Abstract: 'SummaryIn 1942, C.H. Waddington [1] suggested that colonizing populations could initially succeed by flexibly altering their characteristics (phenotypic plasticity; 2, 3, 4) in fitness-inducing traits, but selective forces would rapidly eliminate that plasticity to result in a canalized trait 1, 5, 6. Waddington termed this process \xe2\x80\x9cgenetic assimilation\xe2\x80\x9d 1, 7. Despite the potential importance of genetic assimilation to evolutionary changes in founder populations 8, 9, 10, empirical evidence on this topic is rare, possibly because it happens on short timescales and is therefore difficult to detect except under unusual circumstances 11, 12. We exploited a mosaic of snake populations isolated (or introduced) on islands from less than 30 years ago to more than 9000 years ago and exposed to selection for increased head size (i.e., ability to ingest large prey 13, 14, 15, 16). Here we show that a larger head size is achieved by plasticity in \xe2\x80\x9cyoung\xe2\x80\x9d populations and by genetic canalization in \xe2\x80\x9colder\xe2\x80\x9d populations. Island tiger snakes (Notechis scutatus) thus show clear empirical evidence of genetic assimilation, with the elaboration of an adaptive trait shifting from phenotypically plastic expression through to canalization within a few thousand years.'

Title: 'Original research articleAssessing the distribution and habitat use of four felid species in Bukit Barisan Selatan National Park, Sumatra, Indonesia'
Author: 'Jennifer L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S235198941400078X
Abstract: 'AbstractThere have been few targeted studies of small felids in Sumatra and there is little information on their ecology. As a result there are no specific management plans for the species on Sumatra. We examined data from a long-term camera trapping effort, and used Maximum Entropy Modeling to assess the habitat use and distribution of Sunda clouded leopards (Neofelis diardi), Asiatic golden cats (Pardofelis temminckii), leopard cats (Prionailurus bengalensis), and marbled cats (Pardofelis marmorata) in Bukit Barisan Selatan National Park. Over a period of 34,166 trap nights there were low photo rates (photo events/100 trap nights) for all species; 0.30 for golden cats, 0.15 for clouded leopards, 0.10 for marbled cats, and 0.08 for leopard cats. There is overlap in the predicted distributions of clouded leopards, golden cats, and marbled cats; indicating areas of high conservation importance for these species within the park. The predicted distribution of leopard cats was discrete from the other species which is important to consider in the development of conservation strategies. This study provides important documentation of small felid distribution in Sumatra, information for the development of management strategies within the park, and a basis upon which to develop future research for the species.'

Title: 'ReviewSustainable harvest, people and pandas: Assessing a decade of managed wild harvest and trade in Schisandra sphenanthera'
Author: 'J.A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S037887411830401X
Abstract: "AbstractEthnopharmacological relevanceEndemic to China, the distribution of Schisandra sphenanthera Rehder & E.H. Wilson includes giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca David, 1869) habitats in forests of the Minshan and Qinling Mountains, both inside and outside conservation areas. The fruit is used in indigenous medicines of the Qiang, Tibetan and Yi ethnic minorities of Sichuan. Also used in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), indications for use are prescribed in the Chinese Pharmacopoeia. For continued access and medical use, survival of healthy populations depends on forests. Biodiversity conservation programmes implemented in forests within the panda landscapes that also benefit rural and indigenous communities, link future access to wild medicinal plants with survival of the panda and resilient rural economies.Aims of the studyThis study aimed at assessing the project activities, institutional-level outcomes and achievements, 10 years on, of the 5-year (2007\xe2\x80\x932011) UNDP- and WWF- supported EU-China Biodiversity Programme for sustainable, \xe2\x80\x9cpanda-friendly\xe2\x80\x9d schisandra.Materials and methodsOur study combined analysis of quantitative data such as purchase records coupled with qualitative data obtained from field work, project documents, site-visit reports, certification documents and published articles about the project.ResultsAt start of project, interested companies were identified to support economic viability of the sustainable wild harvesting and a \xe2\x80\x9cpanda friendly\xe2\x80\x9d pro-conservation model that provided an incentive to maintain habitat outside formal protected areas. Criteria of relevant sustainability standards, the Organic Wild-crop Harvesting Practice Standard and FairWild Standard, were applied while a new standard was drafted, the Giant Panda Friendly Products Standard. The initial pilot project involving 1 village determined feasibility leading to formation of the Pingwu Shuijing TCM Cooperative which, by 2016, scaled out to membership of 22 villages. From the cooperative's first commercial sale of S. sphenanthera Rehder & E.H.Wilson fruits of 0.5 MT in 2009, annual quantities steadily increased up to 30 MT sold in 2017. The cooperative achieved organic certification in 2012. In 2016, governmental authorisation for the certification of Chinese operations implementing the FairWild Standard was granted. In 2017, the Giant Panda Friendly Products Standard became an official Chinese standard with the cooperative becoming the first panda-friendly certified operation in 2018.ConclusionsA decade after the project first started, there is strong evidence for the pro-conservation micro- and small enterprise model. For example, through the establishment of a TCM cooperative with members in 22 villages engaged in sustainable resource management, harvesting and equitable trade of TCM ingredients with organic and panda-friendly branding. The project benefited from multi-disciplinary collaboration of experts in ethnoecology, TCM, panda biology and habitat, nature conservation, sustainability standards and international trade. Inviting interested companies at the start enabled a transition from a funded-project to annual contracts for sustainably harvested TCM herbal drugs. At end of project (2011), the companies and NGOs remained engaged and motivating for completion of activities started during the project. Major eventual outcomes rooted in the initial project included Chinese government authorisation of the FairWild Standard (2016) and Giant Panda Friendly Products Standard (2017)."

Title: 'Improving management of a mid-Atlantic coastal barrier island through assessment of habitat condition'
Author: 'Tim J.B.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0272771412003204
Abstract: 'AbstractTo achieve desired environmental outcomes, environmental condition and trends need to be rigorously measured and communicated to resource managers, scientists, and a broader general audience. However, there is often a disconnect between responsive ecosystem monitoring and decision making for strategic long-term management. This project demonstrates how historical monitoring data can be synthesized and used for future planning and decision making, thereby closing the management feedback cycle. This study linked disparate datasets, collected for a variety of purposes and across multiple temporal and spatial scales, in order to assess and quantify current habitat conditions. The results inform integrated resource management decision-making at Assateague Island National Seashore (Maryland and Virginia, USA) by using ecological reference conditions to identify monitoring needs, areas of high vulnerability, and areas with potential for improved management. The approach also provides a framework that can be applied in the future to assess the effectiveness of these management decisions on the condition of island habitats, and is a replicable demonstration of incorporating diverse monitoring datasets into an adaptive management cycle.'

Title: 'LiDAR patch metrics for object-based clustering of forest types in a tropical rainforest'
Author: 'Cici'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0303243418300825
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Tropical forest patches are delineated by segmenting a Canopy Height Model.\xe2\x80\xa2The patches are clustered based on canopy height and cover attributes.\xe2\x80\xa2Arang forest, of high conservation value, is mostly assigned to a single cluster.\xe2\x80\xa2Clusters with the tallest trees occur at high elevations with steep slopes.\xe2\x80\xa2These tall clusters could represent undisturbed primary forests in Sumatra.AbstractTropical rainforests support a large proportion of the Earth\xe2\x80\x99s plant and animal species within a restricted global distribution, and play an important role in regulating the Earth\xe2\x80\x99s climate. However, the existing knowledge of forest types or habitats is relatively poor and there are large uncertainties in the quantification of carbon stock in these forests. Airborne Laser Scanning, using LiDAR, has advantages over other remote sensing techniques for describing the three-dimensional structure of forests. With respect to the habitat requirements of different species, forest structure can be defined by canopy height, canopy cover and vertical arrangement of biomass. In this study, forest patches were identified based on classification and hierarchical merging of a LiDAR-derived Canopy Height Model in a tropical rainforest in Sumatra, Indonesia. Attributes of the identified patches were used as inputs for k-medoids clustering. The clusters were then analysed by comparing them with identified forest types in the field. There was a significant association between the clusters and the forest types identified in the field, to which arang forests and mixed agro-forests contributed the most. The topographic attributes of the clusters were analysed to determine whether the structural classes, and potentially forest types, were related to topography. The tallest clusters occurred at significantly higher elevations (>850\xe2\x80\xafm) and steeper slopes (>26\xc2\xb0) than the other clusters. These are likely to be remnants of undisturbed primary forests and are important for conservation and habitat studies and for carbon stock estimation. This study showed that LiDAR data can be used to map tropical forest types based on structure, but that structural similarities between patches of different floristic composition or human use histories can limit habitat separability as determined in the field.'

Title: "Original Research ArticleA review of bear farming and bear trade in Lao People's Democratic Republic"
Author: 'E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417302615
Abstract: "AbstractThis study reviews the bear farming industry in Lao PDR with the objective of documenting the current number of commercial bear facilities (i.e. captive bear facilities judged to be trading in bear bile and/or bears and bear parts) and the number of bears contained within these facilities, noting changes since it was last examined between 2000 and 2012 by Livingstone and Shepherd (2014). We surveyed all known commercial bear facilities and searched for previously unrecorded facilities. We compared our records with Livingstone and Shepherd (2014) and corrected some duplicate records from their study. In 2017, we recorded seven commercial facilities; four dedicated bear farms, and three tiger farms that were reportedly also keeping bears. We found that between 2012 and 2017 the recorded number of dedicated bear farms reduced by two, and the recorded number of tiger farms also keeping bears increased by one. Within the same period, the total number of captive bears among all facilities in Lao PDR hardly changed (+one), but the number of bears within each facility did. The northern facilities, owned by ethnic Chinese, have expanded since 2012, and central and southern facilities have downsized or closed. While bear farming appears to be downsizing in Lao PDR overall, efforts to phase it out are undermined by the expansion of foreign owned facilities in the north, within Special and Specific Economic Zones that largely cater to a Chinese market, and where the Lao government's efforts to enforce laws and protect wildlife appear to be lacking. Closing the facilities in the north will require political will and decisive law enforcement."

Title: 'Original Research ArticleGlobal conservation status of marine pufferfishes (Tetraodontiformes: Tetraodontidae)'
Author: 'Emilie'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418300076
Abstract: 'AbstractPuffers are biologically and ecologically fascinating fishes best known for their unique morphology and arsenal of defenses including inflation and bioaccumulation of deadly neurotoxins. These fishes are also commercially, culturally, and ecologically important in many regions. One-hundred-and-fifty-one species of marine puffers were assessed against the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List Criteria at a 2011 workshop held in Xiamen, China. Here we present the first comprehensive review of puffer geographic and depth distribution, use and trade, and habitats and ecology and a summary of the global conservation status of marine puffers, determined by applying the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List Criteria. The majority (77%) of puffers were assessed as Least Concern, 15% were Data Deficient, and 8% were threatened (Critically Endangered, Endangered or Vulnerable) or Near Threatened. Of the threatened species, the majority are limited-ranging habitat specialists which are primarily affected by habitat loss due to climate change and coastal development. However, one threatened puffer (Takifugu chinensis \xe2\x80\x93 CR) and four Near Threatened puffers, also in the genus Takifugu (which contains 24 species total), are wide-ranging habitat generalists which are commercially targeted in the international puffer trade. A disproportionate number of species of conservation concern are found along the coast of eastern Asia, from Japan to the South China Sea, with the highest concentration in the East China Sea. Better management of fishing and other conservation efforts are needed for commercially fished Takifugu species in this region. Taxonomic issues within the Tetraodontidae confound accurate reporting and produce a lack of resolution in species distributions. Resolution of taxonomy will enable more accurate assessment of the conservation status of many Data Deficient puffers.'

Title: 'ReviewA synthesis of thresholds for focal species along the U.S. Atlantic and Gulf Coasts: A review of research and applications'
Author: 'Emily J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0964569117306038
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We synthesized sea level rise and coastal storm thresholds for 45 fish, wildlife, and plant species.\xe2\x80\xa225 species have threshold data available related to the effects of sea level rise on some aspect of their life history.\xe2\x80\xa229% of species are projected to lose at least 50% of their population or habitat in some areas with future sea level rise.\xe2\x80\xa2Threshold metrics can enhance coastal management and decision making, even under uncertainty with future climate change.AbstractThe impacts from climate change are increasing the possibility of vulnerable coastal species and habitats crossing critical thresholds that could spur rapid and possibly irreversible changes. For species of high conservation concern, improved knowledge of quantitative thresholds could greatly improve management. To meet this need, we synthesized information pertaining to biological responses as tipping points to sea level rise (SLR) and coastal storms for 45 fish, wildlife, and plant species along the U.S. Atlantic and Gulf Coasts and Caribbean through a literature review and expert elicitation. Although these species were selected based on their ecological, economic, and cultural importance, just over half (56%, n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa025) have quantitative threshold data currently available that can be used to assess the effects of SLR and storms during some aspect of their life history. Birds, reptiles, and plants represent the best studied coastal species. Thirteen of the species (29%) are projected to lose at least 50% of their population or habitat (e.g., foraging, nesting, spawning, or resting habitat) in some areas with a 0.5\xc2\xa0m or greater rise in sea levels by 2100. Two species (a bird and reptile) may gain habitat from projected SLR and be resilient to future impacts. Numeric thresholds were not available for the remaining 20 species we searched for. Coastal fishes, mammals, and amphibians were among the groups representing a major information gap in this field of research. In addition, quantitative threshold responses to coastal storms were scarce for all taxa. While vulnerability assessments and qualitative research related to the impacts of SLR and storms on coastal species and habitats are increasing, work that incorporates quantitative thresholds as response and impact metrics remains limited. Additional monitoring, modeling, and research that provides multiple quantitative thresholds across species' life stages and/or latitudinal gradients is ideal to support robust coastal management and decision-making across spatio-temporal scales in the face of climate change."

Title: 'Behavior of Brown Bears During Feeding in the Sikhote-Alin'
Author: 'Ivan V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S207815201630027X
Abstract: "AbstractFeeding methods and habits of brown bear in Sikhote-Alin are varied and specific for each type of feeding behavior depending on the composition and condition of food, its availability and abundance, season, animal's sex, age, physical condition, personal preferences and experience, the presence of competitors and disturbance from other predators and humans. A feature of the feeding behavior of bears in Sikhote-Alin is consumption of the remains of meals of tigers."

Title: 'Statistical Estimation of Brown Bears (Ursus arctos L.) Population in the Rhodope Mountains'
Author: 'T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917309249
Abstract: 'AbstractThe brown bear (Ursus arctos L.) is the most widespread bear in the world. It can be found across Europe, Asia and North America in habitats ranging from forests to dry deserts and tundra. One of the best natural habitats of brown bears (Ursus arctos L.) in Europe are located in Bulgaria. They are situated in the mountain massifs: The Rhodopes, Balkan Mountains, Rila, Pirin, and Vitosha. The species is a strictly protected and the Nature protection act declared areas for conservation of its habitats. That is why it is important to estimate the population size of brown bears and how this population is changed in the country during the years. In this work we study the population of brown bears in the Rhodope Mountains, using statistical data received from the National monitorings which were carried out in autumn 2011 and 2012. The observed data during the National monitorings are incomplete and contains some uncertainties. Here we suggest some approaches to resolve this problem and obtain a satisfactory estimate of the brown bear population in The Rhodopes. The suggested approaches can be applied to estimate the population of the species in the other mountain massifs.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleObservations of illegal wildlife trade in Boten, a Chinese border town within a Specific Economic Zone in northern Lao PDR'
Author: 'Kanitha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418300052
Abstract: "AbstractThis study reports on the illegal wildlife trade in the town of Boten, a Specific Economic Zone in the Luang Namtha Province of Lao PDR, located 1\xe2\x80\xafkm from the Chinese border. A one-day survey was conducted in April 2016, involving a combination of direct observations of open trade and informal discussions with traders. This was matched against a rapid evaluation of the country's primary wildlife law that was effective at the time of the survey, to assess wildlife trade against regulatory controls. We recorded approximately 980 individual items comprising live animals, their parts and products from at least 13 species of mammals and two species of reptiles in seven outlets. Trade in wildlife for medicinal use was dominant, particularly involving bears. Bear-based products and bear parts made up 43% (or 425 individual items) of all products observed. We also observed at least 40 live bears in a bear facility. Other wildlife parts and products recorded included approximately 200 pangolin scales, 74 pieces of elephant skin and seven bottles of tiger Panthera tigris wine. Almost all trade recorded was deemed to be against national law, illustrating lax, or no law enforcement. Although only based on a one-day survey, findings confirm the important and active role Boten plays in the illegal wildlife trade, where an inherent link with China was apparent. All businesses were operated by Chinese nationals, revealed from discussions with the traders. Lao PDR's Economic Zones are known to cater to largely Chinese markets, including for the illegal sale of wildlife. Findings call for the need for much improved regulation and law enforcement, including within the Economic Zones, in adherence to national laws and in compliant obligations under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES)."

Title: 'Effects of male targeted harvest regime on sexual segregation in mountain lion'
Author: 'Jon R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006320715300975
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Male targeted harvest regimes of mountain lion can have many unintended cascading effects on mountain lion populations.\xe2\x80\xa2Our research found that female mountain lions in a heavily hunted area segregated away from males and spent more time at higher elevations than males or females without kittens.\xe2\x80\xa2This behavior was more pronounced during summer than in winter and may have led to greater predation on declining mule deer.AbstractMale targeted harvest regimes of carnivores are now widely accepted to result in increased sexually selected infanticide (SSI). Male targeted harvest regimes of males should therefore result in increased sexually segregated habitat use in infanticidal carnivores. We tested the effects of low and high levels of male hunting mortality and associated SSI on sexually segregated habitat use in mountain lions. The \xe2\x80\x9cno effect of hunting\xe2\x80\x9d hypothesis predicts that no sexual segregation would occur or that all female mountain lions would segregate from males because of sexual dimorphism. The \xe2\x80\x9chunting effect\xe2\x80\x9d hypothesis predicts that females with kittens would segregate from younger immigrant males in the heavily hunted population during summer when kittens are vulnerable to SSI. We rejected the \xe2\x80\x9cno effect\xe2\x80\x9d hypothesis and accepted the \xe2\x80\x9chunting effect\xe2\x80\x9d hypothesis for mountain lions. Females with kittens avoided immigrant males in the heavily hunted population during summer\xe2\x80\x94others did not. This sexual segregation corresponded with females with kittens selecting for food-poor, high elevations in the heavily hunted population but not in the lightly hunted population. Avoidance of males and selection for high elevations resulted in prey switching by females with kittens from abundant primary prey in lower elevations to rare, sensitive and threatened secondary prey at higher elevations. It appears that remedial sport hunting of mountain lions to reduce predation on declining prey actually caused sexual segregation and increased predation on declining prey. We suggest that excess mortality of male carnivores could result in unanticipated cascade effects including sexual segregation and prey switching to declining prey.'

Title: 'Social-ecological dynamics of the small scale fisheries in Sundarban Mangrove Forest, Bangladesh'
Author: 'Mohammad Mojibul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468550X17300898
Abstract: "AbstractThe Sundarban Mangrove Forest (SMF) is an intricate ecosystem containing the most varied and profuse natural resources of Bangladesh. This study presents empirical research, based on primary and secondary data, regarding the social-ecological system (SES), social-ecological dynamics, different stakeholders and relevant management policies of small-scale or artisanal fisheries such as the SMF; showing how, despite extensive diversification, the livelihood activities of the artisanal fishers in the SMF all depend on the forest itself. Regardless of this critical importance of mangroves, however, deforestation continues due to immature death of mangroves, illegal logging, increased salinity, natural disasters and significant household consumption of mangrove wood by local people. As the mangroves are destroyed fish stocks, and other fishery resources are reduced, leading to moves of desperation among those whose livelihood has traditionally been fishing. The present study also considers several risks and shock factors in the fishers' livelihood: attacks by wild animals (especially tigers) and local bandits, illness, natural disasters, river bank erosion, and the cost of paying off corrupt officials. The artisanal fishers of the SMF have adopted different strategies for coping with these problems: developing partnerships, violating the fisheries management laws and regulations, migrating, placing greater responsibility on women, and bartering fishing knowledge and information. This study shows how the social component (human), the ecological component (mangrove resources) and the interphase aspects (local ecological knowledge, stakeholder's interest, and money lenders or middle man roles) of the SMF as an SES are linked in mutual interaction. It furthermore considers how the social-ecological dynamics of the SMF have negative impacts on artisanal fishermen's livelihoods. Hence there is an urgency to update existing policies and management issues for the sustainable utilization of the SMF resources, eventually contributing to the improvement of the artisanal fishers' livelihoods."

Title: 'Original Research ArticleSpatial patterns of degraded tropical forest and biodiversity restoration over 70-years of succession'
Author: 'Janet E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417300422
Abstract: 'AbstractLandscape metrics have often been used to analyse the spatial dynamics of habitat fragmentation accompanying forest loss. However, there are few studies of the spatial dynamics of natural forest succession, especially over periods longer than the operational period of imaging satellites. This study applies spatial metrics to understand the spatial processes of a 70-year tropical secondary forest succession in Hong Kong, since World War 2. The highest rate of forest regeneration at 11% a year from 1989 to 2001 occurred when the landscape achieved greatest habitat diversity and juxtapositioning of habitat patches. This rapid regeneration occurred by infilling from remnant forest in adjacent valleys rather than by an advance along a broad forest front, and led to simplification of the landscape and declining habitat diversity. It was also accompanied by declines in species richness and abundance in regenerated forest patches. Thus both habitat and woody plant species diversity show a humped trend over the successional period as disconnected forest patches amalgamate, and shade-intolerant pioneers are shaded out by taller pioneers. From this point onwards, the birds of mixed habitats including bulbuls and hwamei known to disperse seed in the study area, may become less effective as forest patches consolidate, and only a few forest mammals remain. The observed improved connectivity within forest patches and reduced edge disturbances accompanying landscape simplification provide better conditions for dispersion within forest of light-intolerant climax species from the oldest, species-rich valley sites to the newly regenerated areas. However, in addition to the loss of forest dispersal agents, other natural dispersal agents such as gravity, flash floods and slope wash involving downward processes may be ineffective, as forest has regenerated upwards to higher elevations. Progression to a mature, biodiverse and stable forest ecosystem may depend on introduction of dispersal agents other than those which have operated over recent decades. Forest patches with high internal connectivity, indicated by high Mean radius of Gyration (MRG) and low Mean Perimeter-to-Area Ratio (MPAR) would appear to offer the best movement opportunities and least disturbance to such introductions.'

Title: 'Ecolog\xc3\xadaNymphalidae frug\xc3\xadvoras (Lepidoptera: Papilionoidea) asociadas a un ecomosaico agropecuario y de bosque tropical lluvioso en un paisaje del sureste de M\xc3\xa9xicoFrugivorous Nymphalidae (Lepidoptera: Papilionoidea) associated to an ecomosaic of agriculture and tropical rainforest in a landscape in Southeastern Mexico'
Author: 'Noel Antonio'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1870345316300033
Abstract: 'ResumenSe evalu\xc3\xb3 si la coloraci\xc3\xb3n de las Nymphalidae frug\xc3\xadvoras es un indicador de las unidades del paisaje. Se consideraron 4 condiciones de matriz agropecuaria (vegetaci\xc3\xb3n secundaria madura, vegetaci\xc3\xb3n secundaria joven, pastizales y cercos vivos) comparadas con 4 unidades de bosque (referente ecol\xc3\xb3gico), en Tenosique, Tabasco, M\xc3\xa9xico. En cada unidad de paisaje se establecieron 10 trampas Van Someren-Rydon durante 5 d\xc3\xadas, aplicando 4 repeticiones. Se identificaron 63 especies, 58 en la matriz agropecuaria y 42 en el referente ecol\xc3\xb3gico. Treinta y siete especies son compartidas, 21 asociadas a \xc3\xa1reas agropecuarias y 5 solo del referente ecol\xc3\xb3gico. La estructura de la vegetaci\xc3\xb3n afect\xc3\xb3 la abundancia y composici\xc3\xb3n, pero no la riqueza de mariposas. Las comunidades de la matriz agropecuaria difirieron\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa075% respecto al referente ecol\xc3\xb3gico. Hubo correlaci\xc3\xb3n entre el color y el h\xc3\xa1bitat preferencial. Los patrones tigre y transparente (Danainae) se encontraron en el dosel cerrado. Con excepci\xc3\xb3n de Adelpha (Limenitidinae) y las de color corteza (Biblidinae), las dem\xc3\xa1s utilizan ampliamente el paisaje, destacando el tipo Hamadryas asociado a ambientes abiertos. El mosaico del paisaje estudiado de remanentes de bosque asociados a una matriz agropecuaria arbolada favorece la conservaci\xc3\xb3n del gremio de lepid\xc3\xb3pteros y mantiene una alta diversidad de las Nymphalidae frug\xc3\xadvoras.AbstractWe evaluated the use of coloring of frugivorous Nymphalidae as an indicator of landscape units. Four environmental matrices were taken into consideration (old secondary vegetation, young secondary vegetation, pasture and live fences) and compared to four forest units (ecological reference), in Tenosique, Tabasco, M\xc3\xa9xico. In each landscape unit we set up 10 Van Someren-Rydon traps for 5 days, replicating the sampling 4 times. In total 63 species were identified, with 58 in the agricultural matrix and 42 in forested units. Of the total, 37 species were shared, 21 associated to agricultural areas and 5 to the forest units. The structure of the vegetation affected the species abundance and composition, but not the butterfly richness. The communities of butterflies in pasture lands and in fallows differ\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa075% of those of the forest units. There was correlation between color and preferential habitat. Tiger and transparent patterns (Danainae) prefer the closed canopy. Excepting Adelpha (Limenitidinae,) and those with bark colour (Biblidinae), all others are widely distributed in the landscape, particularly the Hamadryas type were associated with open environments. The landscape resulting from management, where forest remnants are mixed with agricultural plots and secondary vegetation in various stages of succession, seems to favor the conservation of Lepidoptera and to maintain a high diversity of frugivorous Nymphalidae.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleDemography and viability of the largest population of greater one-horned rhinoceros in Nepal'
Author: 'Naresh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417300938
Abstract: 'AbstractMegaherbivores are characterized by slow life history traits which when coupled with human exploitation makes them vulnerable to local extinctions. An understanding of key demographic parameters assists in guiding management interventions to ensure their recovery and persistence over the longer term. We monitored 110 (30 calves, 80 young and adults) individually known greater one-horned rhinoceros (Rhinoceros unicornis) for seven years in Chitwan National Park, Nepal (2009\xe2\x80\x9315). Using known fate model with staggered entry design in program MARK we estimated annual calf survival at 0.765\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.026 SE and that of remaining older age groups between 0.96 and 0.985. Both genders exhibited a typical Type I survivorship curve. The population consisted of 62% adults, 13% sub-adults and 26% juveniles and calves (dependent animals). The adult sex ratio (female: male) was 1.23\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.09 SE and dependent: cow ratio was 0.636\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.03 SE. Age at first calving was 7.91 years\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.31 SE. Shorter inter-calving intervals were observed for young adults compared to old adults. Overall inter-calving interval was 41.28 months\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa02.33 SE. Chitwan rhino population grew at a maximum realized rate of r\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.051\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.005 SE. PHVA results showed that low level continuous poaching increased extinction probability compared to high but intermittent poaching episodes. An increase in annual poaching of over six females and 12 males over the current average of 5.5 rhinos per year, coupled with habitat degradation, caused by the alien invasive Mikania micrantha resulted in high extinction risks. Annually upto 13 rhinos (8 males and 5 females) from Chitwan can be used for reintroduction and supplementation of rhinoceros across their current and historic range.'

Title: 'Original research articleConserving wildlife wealth of Patharia Hills Reserve Forest, Assam, India: A critical analysis'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416301664
Abstract: 'AbstractWildlife plays an important role in maintaining the balance of various natural processes of the earth. It contributes to food security, economical growth, pollination, seed dispersal for forest regeneration. The present study was carried out at Patharia Hills Reserve Forest (RF) of southern Assam (India) with the aim to study the wildlife distribution, species trend over time and various threats to them. Semi-structure interview and secondary literature were used during the study; 83 species of mammals were found to inhabit RF. Unfortunately, the wildlife of the RF are facing numerous threats, largely due to clearing of forest, encroachment, collection of timber and non-timber forest products, habitat loss and fragmentation. People are of the opinion that the RF is their common property which they can exploit as their wish. The study revealed the wildlife distribution and the various threats, which is the basic challenge for the conservation. Multi-action approaches for the benefit of villagers as well as wildlife are suggested. Elevating the status of the RF may be a vital solution to protect the RF in a better way.'

Title: 'CorrespondenceMorbid attraction to leopard urine in Toxoplasma-infected chimpanzees'
Author: 'Cl\xc3\xa9mence'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982215015171
Abstract: 'SummaryParasites are sometimes capable of inducing phenotypic changes in their hosts to improve transmission [1]. Toxoplasma gondii, a protozoan that infects a broad range of warm-blooded species, is one example that supports the so-called \xe2\x80\x98parasite manipulation hypothesis\xe2\x80\x99: it induces modifications in rodents\xe2\x80\x99 olfactory preferences, converting an innate aversion for cat odor into attraction and probably favoring trophic transmission to feline species, its only definitive hosts [2]. In humans, T. gondii induces behavioral modifications such as personality changes, prolonged reaction times and decreased long-term concentration [3]. However, modern humans are not suitable intermediate hosts because they are no longer preyed upon by felines. Consequently, behavioral modifications in infected people are generally assumed to be side effects of toxoplasmosis or residual manipulation traits that evolved in appropriate intermediate hosts. An alternative hypothesis, however, states that these changes result from parasite manipulative abilities that evolved when human ancestors were still under significant feline predation 3, 4. As such, T. gondii also alters olfactory preferences in humans; infected men rate cat urine, but not tiger urine, as pleasant while non-infected men do not [5]. To unravel the origin of Toxoplasma-induced modifications in humans, we performed olfactory tests on a living primate still predated by a feline species. We found in our closest relative, the chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes troglodytes), that Toxoplasma-infected (TI) animals lost their innate aversion towards the urine of leopards (Panthera pardus), their only natural predator. By contrast, we observed no clear difference in the response of TI and Toxoplasma-non-infected (TN) animals towards urine collected from other definitive feline hosts that chimpanzees do not encounter in nature. Although the adaptive value of parasitically induced behavior should be assessed carefully, we suggest that the behavioral modification we report could increase the probability of chimpanzee predation by leopards for the parasite\xe2\x80\x99s own benefit. This possible parasite adaptation would hence suggest that Toxoplasma-induced modifications in modern humans are an ancestral legacy of our evolutionary past.'

Title: 'FeatureProtected areas \xe2\x80\x93 protected species?'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982212004526
Abstract: 'SummaryCreating protected areas such as national parks and wildlife reserves sounds like an obviously good way of protecting habitats and thus species. However, conservationists have learned over time that context is important and that seemingly trivial details can save more wildlife than grand plans. Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Original ArticleAuthenticating the use of dried seahorses in the traditional Chinese medicine market in Taiwan using molecular forensics'
Author: 'Chia-Hao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1021949813000434
Abstract: 'AbstractSeahorse, which has a unique appearance and exhibits male pregnancy, is a useful component of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). With the growing demand for TCM, vast amounts of seahorses are harvested from the wild every year and traded internationally. This study investigated 58 dried seahorse samples collected from 23 Chinese herbal medicine stores across Taiwan using molecular forensics. Results showed that eight seahorse species were present in the Taiwan TCM market. Among them, Knysna seahorse (Hippocampus capensis) has an endangered status according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List, while the West African seahorse (Hippocampus algiricus), tiger tail seahorse (Hippocampus comes), thorny seahorse (Hippocampus histrix), great seahorse (Hippocampus kelloggi), yellow seahorse (Hippocampus kuda), hedgehog seahorse (Hippocampus spinosissimus), and three-spot seahorse (Hippocampus trimaculatus) have vulnerable status.'

Title: 'Cross-species transmission of canine distemper virus\xe2\x80\x94an update'
Author: 'Andreas'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352771415000087
Abstract: 'AbstractCanine distemper virus (CDV) is a pantropic morbillivirus with a worldwide distribution, which causes fatal disease in dogs. Affected animals develop dyspnea, diarrhea, neurological signs and profound immunosuppression. Systemic CDV infection, resembling distemper in domestic dogs, can be found also in wild canids (e.g. wolves, foxes), procyonids (e.g. raccoons, kinkajous), ailurids (e.g. red pandas), ursids (e.g. black bears, giant pandas), mustelids (e.g. ferrets, minks), viverrids (e.g. civets, genets), hyaenids (e.g. spotted hyenas), and large felids (e.g. lions, tigers). Furthermore, besides infection with the closely related phocine distemper virus, seals can become infected by CDV. In some CDV outbreaks including the mass mortalities among Baikal and Caspian seals and large felids in the Serengeti Park, terrestrial carnivores including dogs and wolves have been suspected as vectors for the infectious agent. In addition, lethal infections have been described in non-carnivore species such as peccaries and non-human primates demonstrating the remarkable ability of the pathogen to cross species barriers. Mutations affecting the CDV H protein required for virus attachment to host-cell receptors are associated with virulence and disease emergence in novel host species. The broad and expanding host range of CDV and its maintenance within wildlife reservoir hosts considerably hampers disease eradication.'

Title: 'PrimerPheromones'
Author: 'Tristram D.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982217307765
Abstract: 'SummaryThe reality of invisible chemical signals, pheromones, between members of the same species was recognized long before they could be identified. Charles Darwin proposed that the breeding season sexual smells of male crocodiles, goats and other animals, too, could have evolved by sexual selection of the smelliest males through female choice. But it\xe2\x80\x99s not just sex. We now know that pheromones are used by species all across the animal kingdom, in every habitat, and in a wide range of biological contexts, from trail, alarm, and queen pheromones in social insects to the mammary pheromone produced by mother rabbits. Pheromones have provided fascinating examples of signal evolution. In some model organisms, such as moths, Drosophila, Caenorhabditis elegans, and Mus musculus, a complete signaling system can be genetically dissected, from the enzymes producing pheromones, perception by chemosensory receptors, through to the neural circuits processing the signals.'

Title: "FeatureTurkey's biodiversity at the crossroads"
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982212007270
Abstract: 'SummaryTurkey has a remarkable diversity of wildlife, due to its wide variety of habitats and unique position between three continents and three seas. Ill-considered development projects are threatening biodiversity, but a new wildlife corridor offers hope for further conservation progress. Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Investigating photoreceptor densities, potential visual acuity, and cone mosaics of shallow water, temperate fish species'
Author: 'D.E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0042698915001194
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Compares the eye anatomy and retinal structure of eight different fish species.\xe2\x80\xa2Rod densities increased with the maximum habitat depth.\xe2\x80\xa2All shallow water species had a regular square cone mosaic structure.\xe2\x80\xa2There was a 3.9-fold difference in potential visual acuity among species.\xe2\x80\xa2Species with high rod density and potential visual acuity may react most to visual cues.AbstractThe eye is an important sense organ for teleost species but can vary greatly depending on the adaption to the habitat, environment during ontogeny and developmental stage of the fish. The eye and retinal morphology of eight commonly caught trawl bycatch species were described: Lepidotrigla mulhalli; Lophonectes gallus; Platycephalus bassensis; Sillago flindersi; Neoplatycephalus richardsoni; Thamnaconus degeni; Parequula melbournensis; and Trachurus declivis. The cone densities ranged from 38 cones per 0.01\xc2\xa0mm2 for S. flindersi to 235 cones per 0.01\xc2\xa0mm2 for P. melbournensis. The rod densities ranged from 22\xc2\xa0800 cells per 0.01\xc2\xa0mm2 for L. mulhalli to 76\xc2\xa0634 cells per 0.01\xc2\xa0mm2 for T. declivis and potential visual acuity (based on anatomical measures) ranged from 0.08 in L. gallus to 0.31 in P. melbournensis. Higher rod densities were correlated with maximum habitat depths. Six species had the regular pattern of four double cones arranged around a single cone in the photoreceptor mosaic, while T. declivis had only rows of double cones. P. melbournensis had the greatest potential ability for detecting fine detail based on eye anatomy. The potential visual acuity estimates and rod densities can be applied to suggest the relative detection ability of different species in a commercial fishing context, since vision is a critical sense in an illuminated environment for perceiving an oncoming trawl.'

Title: 'FeatureAlien invaders'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982212011347
Abstract: 'SummaryThousands of species have invaded new territories in recent decades, often aided by global trade and man-made habitat change. While many remain harmless, some may cause serious damage. Therefore, we need improvements in surveillance and in our understanding of which factors make a successful invasion possible. Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Review paperMammalian communities as indicators of disturbance across Indonesian Borneo'
Author: 'Susan M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416300361
Abstract: 'AbstractUsing camera traps at eight grids across Indonesian Borneo we show how mammalian species assemblages can provide reliable information about how disturbance affects a forest. This enables us to use the large mammal community structure at each site to assess the impacts of human disturbance and habitat variables. Occupancy ranged from 0.01\xe2\x80\x930.77 with pig-tailed macaques, muntjac, orang-utans, sun bears, bearded pigs and common porcupines consistently having an occupancy of >0.5. These large mammals were generally making use of the whole forest surveyed and avoided the forest edge in only a few grids. A General Linear Model with general contrasts and survey effort as a covariate was performed to assess the impact of different variables. Logging and hunting were positively associated with low species number (F=6.3, p=0.012 and F=5.4, p=0.003 respectively). Logging and hunting contributed to a low % of carnivorous species (F=1.5, p=0.021 and F=4.8, p=0.041 respectively) and a higher % of IUCN Endangered and Vulnerable species (F=5.9, p=0.044 and F=5.0, p=0.044 respectively). The presence of burnt areas within the study grids was positively associated with reduced species numbers (F=5.3, p=0.018) and reducted % of carnivorous species (F=6.8, p=0.023) but not the % of IUCN Endangered and Vulnerable species. This is likely a result of burnt areas reducing the area of suitable habitat for many mammals. The proximity of the grids to roads, villages, rivers and presence of logging camps have been proposed as suitable parameters to indicate disturbance. In our study none of these parameters significantly affected the total species numbers, % of carnivores, and % of IUCN concern (Endangered and Vulnerable), nor did the protected status of the forest. We have identified 4 species as specific indicators whose presence or absence can help determine the type and/or extent of forest disturbance and/or be a proxy indicator for the presence of other species. Leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis) and pig-tailed macaques (Macaca nemestrina, generalists); sambar deer (Rusa unicolour, large, wide-ranging herbivores) and clouded leopards (Neofelis diardi) as a proxy for at least 2 of the smaller felid species.'

Title: 'Review PaperBiases in wildlife and conservation research, using felids and canids as a case study'
Author: 'L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418301586
Abstract: "AbstractWith limited funds available for research and conservation, resources should primarily be focussed on taxa that need it the most. Although some consider all species equal, others argue that research prioritization should depend on a species' role in the ecosystem, taxonomic uniqueness, limited geographic range, or high risk of extinction. This study aimed to quantitatively compare scientific output to species characteristics in order to assess potential bias in research and conservation prioritization. The Felidae and Canidae families were used as case studies, and all peer-reviewed articles that were published between 2013 and 2017 were included. Articles were divided into topics, and research output was compared to species' body size, conservation status, keystone effect, geographic range, and evolutionary distinctiveness. Research allocation varied greatly among species, from zero to 579 publications. Overall, the best predictors for research allocation were body size and keystone effect. No significant correlation was found between research output and the conservation status, geographic range size and evolutionary distinctiveness of species. The average number of publications was the same for felid and canid species (N\xe2\x80\xaf=\xe2\x80\xaf60), yet a notable difference was that studies on felids mainly focussed on conservation and wildlife management, whereas canid studies most often involved diseases and other health issues. This study affirms that research effort are not yet focussed on species that need it the most. An attempt should be made to allocate research funds towards species that are understudied, endangered, and taxonomically unique, or have a small geographic range."

Title: 'Bats in the Ghats: Agricultural intensification reduces functional diversity and increases trait filtering in a biodiversity hotspot in India'
Author: 'Claire F.R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006320717305566
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Bat functional diversity was similar in shade coffee to protected forests.\xe2\x80\xa2Bat functional diversity was similar in forest fragments to protected forests.\xe2\x80\xa2Tea plantations retain far less bat functional diversity than shade grown coffee.\xe2\x80\xa2Large bats and bats with short, broad wings were filtered out in modified habitats.\xe2\x80\xa2Riparian corridors help retain bat functional diversity in a modified landscape.AbstractThe responses of bats to land-use change have been extensively studied in temperate zones and the neotropics, but little is known from the palaeotropics. Effective conservation in heavily-populated palaeotropical hotspots requires a better understanding of which bats can and cannot survive in human-modified landscapes. We used catching and acoustic transects to examine bat assemblages in the Western Ghats of India, and identify the species most sensitive to agricultural change. We quantified functional diversity and trait filtering of assemblages in forest fragments, tea and coffee plantations, and along rivers in tea plantations with and without forested corridors, compared to protected forests.Functional diversity in forest fragments and shade-grown coffee was similar to that in protected forests, but was far lower in tea plantations. Trait filtering was also strongest in tea plantations. Forested river corridors in tea plantations mitigated much of the loss of functional diversity and the trait filtering seen on rivers in tea plantations without forested corridors. The bats most vulnerable to intensive agriculture were frugivorous, large, had short broad wings, or made constant frequency echolocation calls. The last three features are characteristic of forest animal-eating species that typically take large prey, often by gleaning.Ongoing conservation work to restore forest fragments and retain native trees in coffee plantations should be highly beneficial for bats in this landscape. The maintenance of a mosaic landscape with sufficient patches of forest, shade-grown coffee and riparian corridors will help to maintain landscape wide functional diversity in an area dominated by tea plantations.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (218KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Research PaperInfluence of micro-topography and crown characteristics on tree height estimations in tropical forests based on LiDAR canopy height models'
Author: 'Cici'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0303243417302283
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Errors in tree locations and heights from a LiDAR CHM increase with terrain slope.\xe2\x80\xa2Conical tree heights are overestimated if terrain slope is larger than crown slope.\xe2\x80\xa2Errors in location are greater for spherical than conical trees on gentle slopes.\xe2\x80\xa2This is relevant for tropical forest biomass estimations on slopes based on a CHM.AbstractTree or canopy height is an important attribute for carbon stock estimation, forest management and habitat quality assessment. Airborne Laser Scanning (ALS) based on Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) has advantages over other remote sensing techniques for describing the structure of forests. However, sloped terrain can be challenging for accurate estimation of tree locations and heights based on a Canopy Height Model (CHM) generated from ALS data; a CHM is a height-normalised Digital Surface Model (DSM) obtained by subtracting a Digital Terrain Model (DTM) from a DSM. On sloped terrain, points at the same elevation on a tree crown appear to increase in height in the downhill direction, based on the ground elevations at these points. A point will be incorrectly identified as the treetop by individual tree crown (ITC) recognition algorithms if its height is greater than that of the actual treetop in the CHM, which will be recorded as the tree height. In this study, the influence of terrain slope and crown characteristics on the detection of treetops and estimation of tree heights is assessed using ALS data in a tropical forest with complex terrain (i.e. micro-topography) and tree crown characteristics.Locations and heights of 11,442 trees based on a DSM are compared with those based on a CHM. The horizontal (DH) and vertical displacements (DV) increase with terrain slope (r = 0.47 and r = 0.54 respectively, p\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa00.001). The overestimations in tree height are up to 16.6\xc2\xa0m on slopes greater than 50\xc2\xb0 in our study area in Sumatra. The errors in locations (DH) and tree heights (DV) are modelled for trees with conical and spherical tree crowns. For a spherical tree crown, DH can be modelled as R sin \xce\xb8, and DV as R (sec \xce\xb8 \xe2\x80\x93 1). In this study, a model is developed for an idealised conical tree crown, DV\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa0R (tan \xce\xb8 \xe2\x80\x93 tan \xcf\x88), where R is the crown radius, and \xce\xb8 and \xcf\x88 are terrain and crown angles respectively. It is shown that errors occur only when terrain angle exceeds the crown angle, with the horizontal displacement equal to the crown radius. Errors in location are seen to be greater for spherical than conical trees on slopes where crown angles of conical trees are less than the terrain angle. The results are especially relevant for biomass and carbon stock estimations in tropical forests where there are trees with large crown radii on slopes.'

Title: 'Original research articleRockfish size and age: The crossroads of spatial protection, central place fisheries and indigenous rights'
Author: 'Alejandro'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416300920
Abstract: 'AbstractIndigenous people harvest wild species for food and cultural practice, fundamentally linking biodiversity conservation and indigenous rights. Rockfishes (Sebastes spp.) are culturally significant to indigenous people (or First Nations) of coastal British Columbia (BC), Canada, who regulate their harvest under traditional governance structures. First Nations elders, however, have observed a decline in the body sizes and abundance of rockfishes, which coincides with increased exploitation by non-indigenous fishers. Rockfishes are vulnerable to overexploitation because fecundity and offspring quality increase with maternal size or age, yet fisheries truncate size and age structure. During 2006, 2007 and 2013\xe2\x80\x932015, we worked with the Wuikinuxv, Nuxalk, Heiltsuk and Kitasoo/Xai\xe2\x80\x99Xais First Nations of BC\xe2\x80\x99s Central Coast, examining rockfish population characteristics at 282 of their fishing sites. We used hook-and-line gear to collect fishery independent data, and sampled landings from First Nations subsistence fishers. Spatial fishery closures served as experimental treatments. We also applied central place foraging theory to predict declines in size, age and abundance with increasing distance from recreational fishing lodges and other ports. Analyses used linear mixed models and controlled for environmental variables. Our results suggest that spatial closures for commercial and recreational fishers led to greater size and abundance of some, but not all rockfishes, possibly due to interspecific differences in the extent to which closures contain suitable habitat, effects of non-compliance, or other factors. Notably, Yelloweye Rockfish (Sebastes ruberrimus), a species key to indigenous diets, were 21% larger inside than outside spatial closures. Possibly reflecting cumulative fishery exploitation, however, old-aged Yelloweye Rockfish were rare. Fishery impacts on size and relative abundance decreased at sites that required longer travel times and greater fuel costs for recreational fishers to exploit, but only for the longest-lived species (size responses) and for long-lived species analysed in aggregate (abundance responses). Measures for protecting indigenous access to rockfishes include evaluation of habitat suitability and compliance within spatial closures, improved understanding of recreational fishery impacts, and treating old-age and large size structures as explicit management objectives. Our study contributes to a global effort to integrate indigenous cultural values with biological conservation.'

Title: 'Original research articleAssessing patterns of human\xe2\x80\x93Asiatic black bear interaction in and around Wangchuck Centennial National Park, Bhutan'
Author: 'Yonten'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416300786
Abstract: 'AbstractBhutan has 2 of the 8 species of bears recorded in the world: Asiatic black bear and Sloth bear. Asiatic black bear is listed in Appendix I of the CITES and categorized as vulnerable in IUCN Red List. Asiatic black bear is increasingly becoming nuisance to people by attacking crops, livestock and even humans, threatening its own existence as a result of retaliation. With the need to understand the interactions between the communities living within the Wangchuck Centennial National Park (WCNP) and the Asiatic black bears, 620 households in and around WCNP were interviewed in 2010. Between 1960 and 2010, Asiatic black bears mauled 40 people in and around WCNP and four district hospitals within which WCNP operates recorded 19 cases of humans mauled by bear from 2013 to 2015. Majority (45% and 43% of respondents) reported the crop and livestock depredation during summer and autumn season respectively and 75% of the respondents reported sighting bear in 2010. About 52% of respondents believed that killing of bears could reduce the conflict, which may be a potential threat to the bear, though stringent conservation rules of the country restricts killing it. Community outreach programs like creating awareness on importance of bear and its habitat conservation may be pursued to help reduce the conflict. Integrated conservation measures such as providing electric fences may be initiated to help garner support for conservation. This may ensure the survival of Asiatic black bear, and also reduce the significant economic losses to inhabitants in and around WCNP.'

Title: 'An integrated approach to assessing marine seismic impacts: Lessons learnt from the Gippsland Marine Environmental Monitoring project'
Author: 'Rachel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0964569117306051
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We use a case study to assess an interdisciplinary approach investigating marine seismic impacts.\xe2\x80\xa2Multiple experimental components provide a failsafe in case of limited suitable data.\xe2\x80\xa2Although challenging, field observational studies provide unparalleled ecological realism.\xe2\x80\xa2Environmental baselines and time-series data account for spatiotemporal variability.\xe2\x80\xa2Standardisation in sound monitoring and calibration ensure comparability among studies.AbstractMarine seismic surveys are a fundamental tool for geological research, including the exploration of offshore oil and gas resources, but the sound generated during these surveys represents a source of noise pollution in the marine environment. Recent evidence has shown that seismic surveys may negatively affect some cetaceans, fish and invertebrates, although the magnitude of these impacts remains uncertain. This paper applies a case study on marine seismic impacts (the Gippsland Marine Environmental Monitoring (GMEM) project) to the critical assessment of the advantages and challenges of field-based methods in the context of future research and management priorities. We found that an interdisciplinary approach, using both conventional (e.g. dredging) and innovative (e.g. autonomous imagery) experimental components, make for more robust interpretations and also provide a failsafe in case of limited suitable data (e.g. equipment issues related to image acquisition). Field observational studies provide an unparalleled capability to undertake ecologically realistic research, although their practical challenges must be considered during research planning. We also note the need for appropriate environmental baselines and accessible time-series data to account for spatiotemporal variability of environmental and biological parameters that may mask effects, as well as the need for a standardised technique in sound monitoring and equipment calibration to ensure accuracy and comparability among studies.'

Title: 'Review ArticleConservation status of some endangered mammals in Barak Valley, Northeast India'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X18300542
Abstract: 'AbstractFrom the ancient time, the Northeast part of India is rich in biodiversity because of its diverse topographic, climatic features. Different varieties of mammalian, avian, and herpetofauna are endemic to this region. Unfortunately, life of this diverse flora and fauna is in jeopardy due to serious anthropogenic pressure. Once a large number of globally important species sustained in the Barak Valley. However, with the increasing population and subsequent demand on natural resources and developing activities, many of the species are no more found in the valley. If the conservation action is not initiated, the remaining species will also vanish with time. This article highlights the distribution and conservation problems of four endangered species in the Barak Valley of Assam, India and recommended conservation tactics.'

Title: 'Social and spatial relationships driving landowner attitudes towards aquatic conservation in a Piedmont-Blue Ridge landscape'
Author: 'Samuel N.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S240584401632360X
Abstract: 'AbstractMore than half of land in the U.S. is privately owned and covers most of known endangered species habitat. An understanding of private landowners\xe2\x80\x99 attitudes towards conservation may help to bridge the science-practice gap in regards to conservation initiatives. Aquatic biodiversity is particularly imperiled; in the United States headwaters and isolated wetlands receive little protection through regulations, becoming a focus of conservation planning. In an effort to assess how landowners view such efforts, a 27-question mixed methods survey was mailed to 409 landowners in the Blue Ridge and Piedmont ecoregions of South Carolina with wetland areas and where land was owned by a family or individual, not a corporation. We received 70 completed surveys and analyzed the results using an encapsulated mixed methods approach that analyzed both scaled and qualitative questions. The combined results gave a more contextual understanding of conservation on private lands in the study area.In this article we present a history of private land conservation and surveying landowners in understanding conservation potential. This demonstrates a need for a more comprehensive method needed in conservation planning. We then show our use of an integrated methodology, using quantitative and qualitative questions, to measure landowners\xe2\x80\x99 interest in conserving land. Through classification and spatial analysis, our study demonstrated that aquatic areas and wildlife are valued by and show influence on landowners\xe2\x80\x99 decisions. We also found that distance from protected area has a positive correlation to the willingness to protect aquatic areas. Landowners showed concern for threats of pollution from runoff and siltation. Disinterest in conservation seemed prevalent throughout many of the respondents\xe2\x80\x99 answers. These results suggest a relation to geographic distance and that the attitudes are more related near each other and specific places in the landscape. We conclude that any successful implementation of aquatic conservation initiatives must include focused outreach and communicating the benefits for society and landowners for building capacity for landscape-scale cooperation.'

Title: 'Global evaluation of shark sanctuaries'
Author: 'Christine A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0959378016304824
Abstract: 'AbstractDue to well-documented declines in many shark populations there is increasing pressure to implement new management and rebuilding strategies at the national and international scale. Since 2009, fifteen coastal countries in the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans have opted to ban commercial shark fishing altogether, and have laws that prohibit the possession, trade or sale of sharks and shark products. These \xe2\x80\x98shark sanctuaries\xe2\x80\x99 collectively cover >3% of the world\xe2\x80\x99s oceans, a similar coverage as all currently established marine protected areas combined. Despite their prominence, and an intense scientific debate about their usefulness, the condition of shark sanctuaries has not yet been empirically evaluated. Here, we report results from a global diver survey used to set baselines of shark populations, human use patterns, public awareness and threats in all 15 shark sanctuaries, and contrasted with observations from 23 non-sanctuary countries. Specific results varied by country, but there were some general trends: i) shark sanctuaries showed less pronounced shark population declines, fewer observations of sharks being sold on markets, and lower overall fishing threats compared to non-shark sanctuaries, ii) bycatch, ghost gear, marine debris and habitat destruction are significant threats that are often not addressed by sanctuary regulations and need to be resolved in other ways, and iii) participants in sanctuaries were more optimistic about the survival of shark populations in local waters, but also highlighted the need for further conservation efforts. These results suggest that shark sanctuaries, as seen through the lens of local experts, may be a helpful conservation tool but likely not sufficient in isolation. There is an urgent need for higher-resolution data on shark abundance, incidental catch, and markets to direct priority conservation needs and optimize the conservation benefits of existing and future shark sanctuaries.'

Title: 'Review articleBiodiversity research trends and gap analysis from a transboundary landscape, Eastern Himalayas'
Author: 'Pratikshya'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X15001028
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Kangchenjunga landscape, a transboundary complex shared by Bhutan, India, and Nepal, is one of the biologically richest regions in the Eastern Himalayas. Owing to the remarkable biodiversity, the three countries came together to enhance regional cooperation in conservation and development in 2012. To start a strategic conservation intervention, the status of our knowledge base on biodiversity of the landscape is the most important stepping stone. In this paper, we traced the history of biodiversity research in the Kangchenjunga landscape, and present the research trends over time and subject interests. Meanwhile, we also identified key research and knowledge gaps and future priorities. For this, we analyzed 500 peer-reviewed journal articles (until 2014) relating to biodiversity, which were retrieved from the web platform \xe2\x80\x98Google Scholar\xe2\x80\x99 and other peer-reviewed journals. The review showed that the landscape received attention from the scientific community as early as the 1840s, and grew progressively after the 1980s. Research on fauna (especially mammals) and flora (especially angiosperms) is most notable, but with major gaps in systematic research of their ecology, whereas invertebrates other than butterflies appear to be neglected. There is a need for systematic research with long-term monitoring that would allow us to understand changes occurring within the landscape.'

Title: 'MinireviewChallenges and Priorities in Shark and Ray Conservation'
Author: 'Nicholas K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982217304827
Abstract: 'SummarySharks, rays, and chimaeras (Class Chondrichthyes; herein \xe2\x80\x98sharks\xe2\x80\x99) are the earliest extant jawed vertebrates and exhibit some of the greatest functional diversity of all vertebrates. Ecologically, they influence energy transfer vertically through trophic levels and sometimes trophic cascades via direct consumption and predation risk. Through movements and migrations, they connect horizontally and temporally across habitats and ecosystems, integrating energy flows at large spatial scales and across time. This connectivity flows from ontogenetic growth in size and spatial movements, which in turn underpins their relatively low reproductive rates compared with other exploited ocean fishes. Sharks are also ecologically and demographically diverse and are taken in a wide variety of fisheries for multiple products (e.g. meat, fins, teeth, and gills). Consequently, a range of fisheries management measures are generally preferable to \xe2\x80\x98silver bullet\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98one size fits all\xe2\x80\x99 conservation actions. Some species with extremely low annual reproductive output can easily become endangered and hence require strict protections to minimize mortality. Other, more prolific species can withstand fishing over the long term if catches are subject to effective catch limits throughout the species\xe2\x80\x99 range. We identify, based on the IUCN Red List status, 64 endangered species in particular need of new or stricter protections and 514 species in need of improvements to fisheries management. We designate priority countries for such actions, recognizing the widely differing fishing pressures and conservation capacity. We hope that this analysis assists efforts to ensure this group of ecologically important and evolutionarily distinct animals can support both ocean ecosystems and human activities in the future.'

Title: 'Review articleInvestigating trends in human-wildlife conflict: is conflict escalation real or imagined?'
Author: 'Shaurabh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X17300262
Abstract: 'AbstractHuman\xe2\x80\x93wildlife conflict (HWC) has a history that is as old as human civilization; yet currently the phenomenon poses a serious environmental challenge for human society. Both due to their bio-geographical and social characteristics, developing regions of the world such as South and Southeast Asia are particularly vulnerable to this problem. Although the popular perception is that HWC intensity has escalated over the past few decades, there is little published literature to support this view. We argue that insights into the historical trajectories of HWC are important to comprehend past trends and set up future priorities. As a case study, we review conflict literature from India to analyze trends in HWC in the country over the past four decades. Our analysis reveals that there has been a consistent increase in the number of HWC publications, and that nearly 90% of the country is currently afflicted by HWC. A total of 88 species belonging to nine taxonomic groups are involved in HWC. Yet, research has been limited to select species and geographical locations. We discuss potential causes for this bias and set out research directions for efficient management of this issue.'

Title: 'Contributions of citizen scientists to arthropod vector data in the age of digital epidemiology'
Author: 'Sarah A'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214574518300026
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Citizen scientists expand the geographic coverage of vector research initiatives.\xe2\x80\xa2Cyber infrastructure allows widespread participation, transforming vector research.\xe2\x80\xa2Citizen contributions integrate with public health campaigns to improve health.Citizen-collected arthropod vectors are useful for epidemiological studies of vector\xe2\x80\x93borne disease, especially since the vectors encountered by the public are the subset of vectors in nature that have a disproportionate impact on health. Programs integrating educational efforts with collecting efforts may be particularly effective for public health initiatives, resulting in an empowered public with knowledge of vector\xe2\x80\x93borne disease prevention. Citizen science programs have been successfully implemented for the collection of unprecedented sample sets of mosquitos, ticks, and triatomines. Cyber infrastructure employed in digital epidemiology\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x94\xc2\xa0including websites, email, mobile phone apps, and social media platforms\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x94\xc2\xa0has facilitated vector citizen science initiatives to assess disease risk over vast spatial and temporal scales, advancing research to mitigate vector\xe2\x80\x93borne disease risk.Graphical AbstractDownload high-res image (164KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Science & SocietyCo-Adaptation Is Key to Coexisting with Large Carnivores'
Author: 'Neil H.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0169534716300507
Abstract: 'There is a pressing need to integrate large carnivore species into multi-use landscapes outside protected areas. However, an unclear understanding of coexistence hinders the realization of this goal. Here, we provide a comprehensive conceptualization of coexistence in which mutual adaptations by both large carnivores and humans have a central role.'

Title: 'DispatchConservation: Threatened by Luxury'
Author: 'Thomas\xc2\xa0J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982216303967
Abstract: 'SummaryWhen animals are traded in lucrative international luxury markets, individuals really do matter to conservation. Identifying the intrinsic and extrinsic factors that make some species especially vulnerable to this kind of threat helps set guidelines for more effective conservation.'

Title: 'Halioticida noduliformans infection in eggs of lobster (Homarus gammarus) reveals its generalist parasitic strategy in marine invertebrates'
Author: 'Corey'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022201117304743
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2First record of Halioticida noduliformans in European lobster eggs and gills.\xe2\x80\xa2Coinfection with Lagenidium callinectes detected in European lobster eggs.\xe2\x80\xa2Phylogenetic analyses confirm \xe2\x80\x98Haliphthoros sp. NJM 0034\xe2\x80\x99 is H. noduliformans.\xe2\x80\xa2Novel Oomycete-specific 18S rRNA gene PCR primers developed and tested.\xe2\x80\xa2Oomycete-specific primers detect wide diversity in environmental samples.AbstractA parasite exhibiting Oomycete-like morphology and pathogenesis was isolated from discoloured eggs of the European lobster (Homarus gammarus) and later found in gill tissues of adults. Group-specific Oomycete primers were designed to amplify the 18S ribosomal small subunit (SSU), which initially identified the organism as the same as the \xe2\x80\x98Haliphthoros\xe2\x80\x99 sp. NJM 0034 strain (AB178865.1) previously isolated from abalone (imported from South Australia to Japan). However, in accordance with other published SSU-based phylogenies, the NJM 0034 isolate did not group with other known Haliphthoros species in our Maximum Likelihood and Bayesian phylogenies. Instead, the strain formed an orphan lineage, diverging before the separation of the Saprolegniales and Pythiales. Based upon 28S large subunit (LSU) phylogeny, our own isolate and the previously unidentified 0034 strain are both identical to the abalone pathogen Halioticida noduliformans. The genus shares morphological similarities with Haliphthoros and Halocrusticida and forms a clade with these in LSU phylogenies. Here, we confirm the first recorded occurrence of H. noduliformans in European lobsters and associate its presence with pathology of the egg mass, likely leading to reduced fecundity.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (177KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Compatibility of Livestock Grazing and Recreational Use on Coastal California Public Lands: Importance, Interactions, and Management Solutions\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Kristina M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1550742416300768
Abstract: 'AbstractWhile the primary use of rangelands for over a century has been livestock grazing to produce food and fiber, elevated demand for recreational land has increasingly brought livestock-recreation interactions to the forefront. California\xe2\x80\x99s coastal range is a hotspot for graziers and recreationists alike and is an important region in which to address the challenges and opportunities of concurrent grazing and recreation. Here we review issues related to livestock grazing on publicly owned recreational lands, discuss potential areas of conflict, and highlight promising avenues for fostering positive livestock-recreation interactions. Managers grazing livestock on public lands have adopted a variety of management practices to minimize conflicts and maximize benefits derived from multiple uses of public lands. However, even a few perceived negative recreationist experiences may prompt some public land agencies to remove livestock grazing entirely. California\xe2\x80\x99s grasslands\xe2\x80\x94a large component of public lands\xe2\x80\x94are the most \xe2\x80\x9cat-risk\xe2\x80\x9d habitat type for development, and increasing economic and social pressures on ranchers who utilize leased public lands make it more likely that ranchers would sell their private lands to developers if access to public grazing land were eliminated, further increasing threats to our already dwindling rangelands. The continued accessibility of public lands for grazing is thus inextricably linked to the protection of private rangelands and the critical resources they provide. Novel approaches to public education and collaborative land management are critical to reducing negative livestock-recreation encounter and ensuring continued conservation of wildlands.'

Title: 'Adaptive introductions: How multiple experiments and comparisons to wild populations provide insights into requirements for long-term introduction success of an endangered shrub'
Author: 'Eric S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468265916300221
Abstract: 'AbstractRecovery of an imperiled plant species may require augmentation of existing populations or creation of new ones. Hundreds of such projects have been conducted over the last few decades, but there is a bias in the literature favoring successes over failures. In this paper, we evaluate a series of introductions that experimentally manipulated microhabitat and fire in an adaptive introduction framework. Between 2002 and 2012, we (and our collaborators) carried out ten introductions and augmentations of Florida ziziphus Pseudoziziphus (Condalia, Ziziphus) celata, a clonal shrub limited to very small populations and narrowly endemic to pyrogenic central Florida sandhills. Six of the introductions were designed as experiments to test hypotheses about how demographic performance was affected by microhabitat, fire, and propagule type. Introduced transplants had high survival (<90% annually), inconsistent growth, and little transition to reproduction, while introduced seeds had low germination and survival. Transplants were more efficient than seeds as translocation propagules. Shaded (vs. open) sites supported generally higher transplant and seedling survival and seed germination percentages, but growth responses varied among experiments. Supplemental irrigation increased transplant survival and seed germination, but otherwise seedling and plant survival and growth were not significantly affected. Contrary to expectations based on wild populations, introduced propagules have not been more successful in unshaded sites, suggesting that Florida ziziphus has broader microhabitat preferences than hypothesized. Compared to wild plants, introduced plants had similar survival and responses to fire, slower growth, and more delayed flowering. Introduced plants had no clonal spread. While no introduced population has demonstrated a capacity for long-term viability, one augmented population has flowered and produced viable fruits. Given that Florida ziziphus genets are long-lived, low levels of sexual reproduction may be adequate for the establishment of viable populations. Thus, after many translocations over more than a decade, it is premature to characterize any single translocation as a success or a failure, underscoring the need for a long view of translocation success.'

Title: 'FeatureFelids fighting for survival'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982212012547
Abstract: 'SummaryCat-like carnivores conquered the globe and became top predators on five continents. Today, however, most of the 37 surviving species are threatened, including the iconic species of large, roaring cats. Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Risk perception of vervet monkeys Chlorocebus pygerythrus to humans in urban and rural environments'
Author: 'Peter'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S037663571730476X
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Primates should optimise their escape strategy under the risk of predation.\xe2\x80\xa2Flight initiation distance (FID) reflects level of risk taking in animals.\xe2\x80\xa2We studied effect of habitat type, group size, sex and age on FID of vervet monkey.\xe2\x80\xa2FID was shorter in urban than rural monkeys.\xe2\x80\xa2FID positively correlated with group size but no effect of sex and age was found.AbstractLike other animals, primates respond to predation using behavioural adaptations. Hence, they should optimise their escape strategy under the risk of predation, and flee at a distance, referred to as flight initiation distance (FID), when the fitness-related benefits of staying are balanced against the costs of escape. However, there is an absence of FID studies in primates. In this study, we used vervet monkeys Chlorocebus pygerythrus, a medium-sized African cercopithecoid, as a model species to investigate the influence of environment type (urban and rural), group size (defined as the number of visible neighbours), sex and age on FID when approached by a human. We found significantly shorter FID among urban than rural monkeys; urban individuals delayed their escape compared to rural individuals. We found no relationship between FID and sex and age class, but FID was positively correlated with group size in both settings; urban monkeys live in smaller groups than monkeys in rural areas. As FID and group size are important predictors of predation risk perception in primates, results suggest that, despite probable effects of habituation, vervet monkeys in Uganda adjust their antipredator behaviour when coping with novel environments within human settlements. Our findings are consistent with some previous studies of risk perception in animals, and indicate that FID could be used as an alternative measure for predation risk in primates.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleThe numbers of the beast: Valuation of jaguar (Panthera onca) tourism and cattle depredation in the Brazilian Pantanal'
Author: 'Fernando R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417300501
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Ecotourism is a controversial tool for conservation.\xe2\x80\xa2This is the first study providing market values for a jaguar population.\xe2\x80\xa2Jaguars represent a revenue 52 times higher than usual economic at the same scale.\xe2\x80\xa2Jaguar tourism can provide funds to compensate the predation damage on the livestock.\xe2\x80\xa2The integration of both economic activities can be done at the same site rationally.AbstractLarge carnivores fascinate people because of their beauty and potential as human predators and have therefore become focal species for the ecotourism industry. Wildlife tourism has grown exponentially and has often been used as a financial argument for species conservation. However, carnivores depredate livestock, leading to a direct economic conflict with rural livelihoods, often resulting in lethal retaliation action. Here we show that jaguar ecotourism represents a gross annual income of US$6,827,392 in land-use revenue across a representative portion the Brazilian Pantanal, the world's largest wetland. Considering the aggregate costs of jaguar depredation on livestock within the same area, we estimate that the resident jaguar population would induce a hypothetical damage of only US$121,500 per year in bovine cattle losses. This large discrepancy between economic gains and losses reinforces the importance of wildlife tourism as a conservation tool in boosting tolerance of jaguars in private ranches. We also evaluate the partnership between ecotourism and cattle ranchers, in which cattle losses induced by jaguars could be compensated by a system of voluntary donations from tourists, ensuring that both traditional livestock husbandry and ecotourism can co-exist within the same ranches, thereby promoting landscape-scale jaguar conservation."

Title: 'FeatureCan zoos offer more than entertainment?'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982215005382
Abstract: 'SummaryZoos and aquariums are facing criticism due to a heightened awareness of animal welfare issues, but also see their importance for conservation work expanding. Can they adapt to a new role focused on conservation and education rather than just entertainment? Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Reducing cultivation risk for at-risk species: Predicting outcomes of conservation easements for sage-grouse'
Author: 'J.T.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006320716302300
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Sagebrush shrublands are increasingly threatened by cropland conversion.\xe2\x80\xa2Occurrence of sage-grouse is strongly reduced by cropland at a large spatial scale.\xe2\x80\xa2Projected crop expansion threatens 5\xe2\x80\x937% of the population without conservation.\xe2\x80\xa2Optimal allocation of $100\xc2\xa0M in conservation easements can prevent most losses.\xe2\x80\xa2Incorporating landscape-scale risk of conversion improves easement outcomes.AbstractConversion of native habitats to cropland is a leading cause of biodiversity loss. The northeastern extent of the sagebrush (Artemisia L.) ecosystem of western North America has experienced accelerated rates of cropland conversion resulting in many declining shrubland species including greater sage-grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus). Here we present point-process models to elucidate the magnitude and spatial scale of cropland effects on sage-grouse lek occurrence in eastern Montana, northeastern Wyoming, North Dakota and South Dakota. We also use a non-parametric, probabilistic crop suitability model to simulate future cropland expansion and estimate impacts to sage-grouse. We found cropland effects manifest at a spatial scale of 32.2\xc2\xa0km2 and a 10 percentage point increase in cropland is associated with a 51% reduction in lek density. Our crop suitability model and stochastic cropland build-outs indicate 5\xe2\x80\x937% of the remaining population in the US portion of sage-grouse Management Zone I is vulnerable to future cropland conversion under a severe scenario where cropland area expands by 50%. Using metrics of biological value, risk of conversion, and acquisition cost to rank parcels, we found that a US $100\xc2\xa0M investment in easements could reduce potential losses by about 80%, leaving just over 1% of the population in the study are vulnerable to cropland expansion. Clustering conservation easements into high-risk landscapes by incorporating landscape-scale vulnerability to conversion into the targeting scheme substantially improved conservation outcomes.'

Title: 'Research paperPleistocene magnetochronology of the fauna and Paleolithic sites in the Nihewan Basin: Significance for environmental and hominin evolution in North China'
Author: 'Hong'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1871101413000642
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2A new magnetostratigraphy for the oldest Daodi Fauna in the Nihewan Basin.\xe2\x80\xa2A Pleistocene magnetochronology for the Nihewan Faunas and Paleolithic sites.\xe2\x80\xa2Faunas indicate mixed savannah and woodland habitats of Nihewan hominins.\xe2\x80\xa2Multiple hominin groups with differential lithic technology in China after 0.8\xc2\xa0Ma.AbstractThe fluvio-lacustrine sequences in the Nihewan Basin of North China (known as the Nihewan Formation) are rich sources of Early Pleistocene Paleolithic sites and mammalian fossils (known as the Nihewan Fauna sensu lato), which offer an excellent opportunity to investigate the evolution of early humans and land mammals in East Asia. Also abundant mammalian fossils provide clues about the general environmental and climatic setting of early humans. Among the Nihewan Fauna (sensu lato), the Daodi Fauna is one of the most complete and oldest in the eastern Nihewan Basin: seven mammalian fossil-bearing layers in the Nihewan Formation have been described. Except for a biostratigraphy, however, precise age control on the Daodi Fauna has remained unavailable. Here we report a new magnetostratigraphic record that stringently constrains its age. The seven fossil-rich layers span an age range of ca 2.5\xe2\x80\x931.8\xc2\xa0Ma between the Gauss\xe2\x80\x93Matuyama boundary and the termination of the Olduvai polarity subchron. Combining our new and recently published paleomagnetic data, we further establish a Pleistocene magnetochronology of the fauna and Paleolithic sites in the Nihewan Basin. Age ranges of about 2.5\xe2\x80\x930.5\xc2\xa0Ma for the faunas and 1.7\xe2\x80\x930.3\xc2\xa0Ma for the Paleolithic sites are deduced, which span most of the Pleistocene. The chronological framework and calculated proportions of mammals that were adapted to different environments indicate that mixed settings of dominant grasslands and subordinate forests continued at least from 2.5 to 0.5\xc2\xa0Ma for early human occupation in the basin, similar to the mixed open savannah and woodland habitats of early humans in Africa. The Nihewan hominins consistently adopted a simple Oldowan-like technology (i.e., Mode 1 core and flake technologies) from at least ca 1.7 to 0.3\xc2\xa0Ma. A more advanced Acheulean technology (Mode 2) has not been found in the Nihewan Basin, although it started to emerge in the Bose Basin of South China at ca 0.8\xc2\xa0Ma. This implies that multiple groups of hominins distinguished by differential stone-tool-making capabilities may have coexisted in China after 0.8\xc2\xa0Ma.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleIdentifying ambassador species for conservation marketing'
Author: 'E.A.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417302470
Abstract: "AbstractConservation relies heavily on external funding, much of it from a supportive public. Therefore it is important to know which species are most likely to catalyse such funding. Whilst previous work has looked at the physical attributes that contribute to a species' appeal, no previous studies have tried to examine the extent to which a species' sympatriots might contribute to it's potential as flagship for wider conservation. Therefore, here we estimate \xe2\x80\x98flexibility\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98appeal\xe2\x80\x99 scores for all terrestrial mammals (n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa04320) and identify which of these might serve as ambassadors (defined as both highly appealing and flexible). Relatively few mammals (between 240 and 331) emerged as ambassadors, with carnivores featuring heavily in this group (representing 5% of terrestrial mammals but 39% of ambassadors). \xe2\x80\x98Top ambassadors\xe2\x80\x99 were defined as those with both flexibility and appeal scores greater than 1 standard deviation above the mean. Less than a quarter of the 20 most endangered and evolutionary distinct species in this study were classed as ambassadors, highlighting the need for surrogate species to catalyse conservation effort in areas with such priority species. This is the first global analysis bringing together flexibility and appeal for all terrestrial mammals, and demonstrates an approach for determining how best to market species in order to achieve maximal conservation gain in a world with urgent conservation need but limited resources."

Title: 'Mercury and risk assessment from consumption of crustaceans, cephalopods and fish from West Peninsular Malaysia'
Author: 'Zurahanim Fasha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0026265X18304788
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2The risk of Hg contamination through seafood consumption by Malaysians is assessed.\xe2\x80\xa2Total Hg and MeHg in 8 species of crustaceans, 5 species of cephalopods and 29 species of fish from are reported.\xe2\x80\xa2All fish and seafood were below the Malaysian Food Regulation of 0.5\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/g mercury for fish and fishery products and 1.0\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/g mercury for predatory fish.AbstractMercury (Hg) is a toxic element and has no known biological functions in humans. This study measured total Hg and methyl mercury (MeHg) concentrations in commonly consumed fish and seafood as well as to estimate the risk of Hg contamination through seafood consumption by Malaysians. The concentrations of total Hg and MeHg in 8 species of crustaceans (n\xe2\x80\xaf=\xe2\x80\xaf15), 5 species of cephalopods (n\xe2\x80\xaf=\xe2\x80\xaf12), and 29 species of fish (n\xe2\x80\xaf=\xe2\x80\xaf78) from West Peninsular Malaysia are reported. Total mercury concentrations in crustaceans, cephalopods and fish were 0.033\xe2\x80\xaf\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\xaf0.033\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/g, 0.040\xe2\x80\xaf\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\xaf0.025\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/g and 0.106\xe2\x80\xaf\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\xaf0.128\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/g wet weight respectively. The proportion of methyl mercury in fish was 81\xe2\x80\x9399% with a mean of 93\xe2\x80\xaf\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\xaf5% (n\xe2\x80\xaf=\xe2\x80\xaf15). Significantly higher mercury concentrations were observed in demersal fish, fish on higher trophic level and fish with body length of >20\xe2\x80\xafcm. All fish and seafood were below the Malaysian Food Regulations of 0.5\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/g wet weight mercury for fish and fishery products and 1.0\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/g wet weight mercury for predatory fish. The consumption of fish from certain seafood species, however, should be taken into consideration to ensure that the Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (PTWI) of MeHg does not exceed 1.6\xe2\x80\xaf\xce\xbcg/kg\xe2\x80\xafbody\xe2\x80\xafweight/week.'

Title: 'OpinionReasons to Conserve Nature'
Author: 'Richard G.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0169534716000501
Abstract: 'TrendsA framework is presented that can help unify diverse reasons for conserving nature.Recognizing the utilitarian value of nature does not deny its intrinsic value.Reconciling different viewpoints will result in better conservation practice.Is it sufficient to base arguments for conservation on the intrinsic value of nature, regardless of the services and economic benefits that biodiversity provides for humans? This question underlies much recent debate that has been at times acrimonious and has led to calls for a more inclusive approach to conservation. Yet melding different ideologies within a unified conceptual framework has proven difficult. Here I describe an approach that recognizes the importance of the level of biological organization and spatial extent in determining the strength of alternative arguments for why we should conserve nature. I argue that the framework helps reconcile contrasting viewpoints and brings clarity to when different conservation management approaches (for instance, regulation versus monetary valuation) are most appropriate.'

Title: 'News'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0025326X18304569
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Original research articleFactors influencing when species are first named and estimating global species richness'
Author: 'Mark J.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989415000748
Abstract: 'AbstractEstimates of global species richness should consider what factors influence the rate of species discovery at global scales. However, past studies only considered regional scales and/or samples representing <0.4% of all named species. Here, we analysed trends in the rate of description for all fish species (2% of all named species). We found that the number of species described has slowed for (a) brackish compared to marine and freshwater species, (b) large compared to small sized fish, (c) geographically widespread compared to localised, (d) species occurring in the tropics and northern hemisphere compared to southern hemisphere, and (e) neritic (coastal) species compared to pelagic (offshore) species. Most (68%) of the variation in year of description was related to geographic location and depth, and contrary to expectations, body size was a minor factor at just 6% (on a standardised scale). Thus most undiscovered species will have small geographic ranges, but will not necessarily be of smaller body size than currently known species. Accordingly, global assessments of how many species may exist on Earth need to account for geographic variation.'

Title: 'Book reviewThe human seizure of planet EarthDodging Extinction: Power, Food, Money, and the Future of Life on Earth Anthony Barnosky (University of California Press, Oakland, CA; 2014) ISBN: 9780520274372'
Author: 'David'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982216309411
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'FeatureFantastic species and where to find them'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982217300647
Abstract: 'SummaryFantastic beasts are not only found in the imaginary worlds of authors like J.K. Rowling. The oceans are full of them. Michael Gross rounds up some unusual suspects.'

Title: 'Original articleEvaluation of larvicidal activity of esters of 4-mercapto-2-butenoic acid against Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae)'
Author: 'Marco'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319562X18300809
Abstract: 'AbstractAedes albopictus (Skuse) (Diptera: Culicidae), an aggressive and annoying vector of several arbovirus including Chikungunya and Zika, is a serious health problem worldwide. Control of this mosquito is difficult because of high adaptability, egg resistance to dehydration and ability to exploit many man-made microhabitats. The most effective strategy appears the control of larval population. Based on previous data showing a larvicidal effect of plant extracts containing sulfhydryl and isothiocyanate compounds, we evaluated by bioassays the toxicity of three synthetic esters of 4-mercapto-2-butenoic acid on larvae of A. albopictus in comparison to cypermethrin. Among the compounds tested, the most effective was n-octyl 4-mercapto-2-butenoate, about 5 times more effective than ethyl 4-mercaptobut-2-enoate and about 20 times more effective than menthyl 4-mercaptobut-2-enoate. We advance the hypothesis that the larvicidal properties of n-octyl 4-mercapto-2-butenoate are due to its hydrophobic alkyl chain, longer than that of the other two compounds. This chain confers to the molecule the ability to spread on water surface and interfere with larval respiration. The larvicidal activity of n-octyl 4-mercapto-2-butenoate against A. albopictus appears interesting and may be developed after toxicological evaluation on vertebrates and humans, and environmental toxicity tests in compliance with WHO and ECDC rules.'

Title: 'EfficientPMM: Finite Automata Based Efficient Pattern Matching Machine'
Author: 'Ramanpreet'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050917308724
Abstract: 'AbstractIn text mining, vector space and bag of word models are poor candidates for topic discovery as they loose word order and co-occurrence, which are very crucial in understanding the meaning of a document. Phrase based models has proven to be promising in capturing the underlying document characteristics. This paper proposes a new document model and algorithm to perform efficient pattern matching for exact, prefix, postfix, and infix matching of phrases in near linear time. The pattern matching machine (PMM) uses the concepts of graph theory and the theory of automata to efficiently and intelligently match, index, track, and analyze phrase patterns. The scalability, space, and time performance are compared with the benchmark document models.'

Title: 'Evolutionary genetics and vector adaptation of recombinant viruses of the western equine encephalitis antigenic complex provides new insights into alphavirus diversity and host switching'
Author: 'Andrew B.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0042682214004814
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Host range barrier of FMV to mosquito cells is overcome by a nsP4 mutation.\xe2\x80\xa2New theory on the geographical origin of the EEEV\xe2\x80\x93SINV recombination event.\xe2\x80\xa2First comprehensive comparative analysis of the recombinant alphaviruses.\xe2\x80\xa2First gene-specific phylogenetic analysis of the genus Alphavirus.AbstractWestern equine encephalitis virus (WEEV), Highlands J virus (HJV), and Fort Morgan virus (FMV) are the sole representatives of the WEE antigenic complex of the genus Alphavirus, family Togaviridae, that are endemic to North America. All three viruses have their ancestry in a recombination event involving eastern equine encephalitis virus (EEEV) and a Sindbis (SIN)-like virus that gave rise to a chimeric alphavirus that subsequently diversified into the present-day WEEV, HJV, and FMV. Here, we present a comparative analysis of the genetic, ecological, and evolutionary relationships among these recombinant-origin viruses, including the description of a nsP4 polymerase mutation in FMV that allows it to circumvent the host range barrier to Asian tiger mosquito cells, a vector species that is normally refractory to infection. Notably, we also provide evidence that the recombination event that gave rise to these three WEEV antigenic complex viruses may have occurred in North America.'

Title: 'Original articleButterfly diversity in Kolkata, India: An appraisal for conservation management'
Author: 'Swarnali'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X15000539
Abstract: 'AbstractAn appraisal of butterfly species diversity was made using Kolkata, India as a model geographical area. Random sampling of rural, suburban, and urban sites in and around Kolkata metropolis revealed the presence of 96 butterfly species, dominated by Lycaenidae (31.25%) over Nymphalidae (28.13%), Hesperiidae (18.75%), Pieridae (12.50%), and Papilionidae (9.38%). Suburban sites accounted for 96 species, followed by rural (81 species) and urban (53 species) over the study period. The relative abundance of the butterflies varied with the site, month, and family significantly. It is apparent that the urban areas of Kolkata can sustain diverse butterfly species which includes species of requiring conservation effort. Considering the landscape of Kolkata, steps to enhance urban greening should be adopted to maintain butterfly diversity and sustain the ecosystem services derived from them.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleThe effect of priming, nationality and greenwashing on preferences for wildlife tourist attractions'
Author: 'Tom P.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417301907
Abstract: 'AbstractMany wildlife tourist attractions (WTAs) have negative impacts on animal welfare and species conservation. In the absence of regulation, raising standards requires tourists to create market pressure by discerning the likely impacts of WTAs, and choosing to attend those with benefits. We created a novel, experimental survey to examine whether priming tourists to engage with the ethical dimension of their choice of WTA may stimulate them to prefer WTAs that are beneficial for wildlife.Our experimental survey comprised 10 mock webpages, mimicking promotional materials for existing types of WTA, five designed to represent beneficial (\xe2\x80\x9cgood\xe2\x80\x9d), and five detrimental (\xe2\x80\x9cbad\xe2\x80\x9d) WTAs. WTAs were presented in random order via an online platform to 3224 respondents - 1614 Chinese in China, and 1610 English speakers in Australia, Canada, UK, and USA - who rated their preference for each. Prior to the survey 1610 respondents, stratified by country, were \xe2\x80\x9cprimed\xe2\x80\x9d by asking them introductory questions about WTAs\xe2\x80\x99 likely impacts.Primed English-speaking respondents were a mean of 4.1 times more likely to select lower likelihoods of attending bad WTAs, compared with control (unprimed) respondents. Priming had a smaller effect on Chinese respondents, making them 1.5 times more likely to select lower likelihoods of attending bad WTAs. Priming made all respondents more likely to select high likelihoods of attending good WTAs, but the effect was larger for Chinese respondents (2.0 times more likely) than English-speaking respondents (1.2 times more likely).After the survey respondents were shown ratings of each WTAs\xe2\x80\x99 welfare and conservation impacts, and asked to re-assess each WTA. English speaking respondents were 5\xe2\x80\x9313 times more likely to select lower likelihoods of attending bad WTAs after seeing the ratings, while Chinese respondents were 3\xe2\x80\x934 times more likely to do so.We conclude that respondents were able to discern beneficial from detrimental WTAs, and preferred beneficial WTAs when primed to consider the likely impacts of WTAs on wildlife conservation and animal welfare, but that the effect of priming was smaller for Chinese respondents. We recommend prominently hosting accurate information on the likely impacts of WTAs in the fora in which tourists are making their decisions, to direct tourist revenue away from WTAs with poor standards, and towards those that improve individuals\xe2\x80\x99 welfare, and/or support species conservation.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (427KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'News focusCrunch decade'
Author: 'Nigel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982210000060
Abstract: 'SummaryThe next ten years could be crucial for a list of iconic species, according to the WWF. Nigel Williams reports.'

Title: 'Roles for the Canidae in food webs reviewed: Where do they fit?'
Author: 'Peter J.S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352249616300118
Abstract: 'AbstractThe roles of the 37 species in the family Canidae (the dog family), are of great current interest. The Gray Wolf is the largest canid and their roles in food webs are much researched, as are those of Domestic Dogs, Coyotes and Red Foxes. Much less is known about the other canid species and their ecological roles.Here we describe general food web theory and the potential application of network theory to it; summarise the possible roles of predators in food webs; document the occurrence, diet and presumed functions that canids play in food webs throughout the world; give case studies of four threatened canid species of top, middle and basal trophic positions and six anthropogenically affected species; and identify knowledge limitations and propose research frameworks necessary to establish the roles of canids in food webs.Canids can be top-down drivers of systems or responsive to the availability of resources including suitable prey. They can be affected anthropogenically by habitat change, lethal control and changes to basic resource availability. They can be sustainable yield harvesters of their indigenous prey or passengers in complex ecosystems, and some are prey of larger canids and of other predators. Nevertheless, the roles of most canids are generally poorly studied and described, and some, e.g. Gray Wolves, Coyotes and Australian dingoes, are controversial. We advocate mensurative and experimental research into communities and ecosystems containing canids for a quantitative understanding of their roles in food webs and consequent development of better management strategies for ecosystems.Graphical abstractA continental schematic showing relative trophic positions (top, middle, bottom) of the 37 species of the family Canidae. Numbers are canid species in alphabetical order from the text and their IUCN status is shown by coloured shading, with white being of \xe2\x80\x9cleast concern\xe2\x80\x9d and darkest being \xe2\x80\x9ccritically endangered\xe2\x80\x9d (after Woodroffe and Sillero-Zubiri, 2012). Non-canid predators, including humans, are excluded for simplicity and some species, e.g. 5, 6, 36 and 37, occupy two or three trophic positions. The green & brown arrows at left (Interaction vector) represent the non-scalar, strength and directions of network interactions between canids at the three trophic levels, which are presently unquantified (?).Download high-res image (255KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Quick guideLions'
Author: 'Craig'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982210005646
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'ReviewThe Importance and Benefits of Species'
Author: 'Claude'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982215003942
Abstract: 'Humans depend on biodiversity in myriad ways, yet species are being rapidly lost due to human activities. The ecosystem services approach to conservation tries to establish the value that society derives from the natural world such that the true cost of proposed development actions becomes apparent to decision makers. Species are an integral component of ecosystems, and the value they provide in terms of services should be a standard part of ecosystem assessments. However, assessing the value of species is difficult and will always remain incomplete. Some of the most difficult species\xe2\x80\x99 benefits to assess are those that accrue unexpectedly or are wholly unanticipated. In this review, we consider recent examples from a wide variety of species and a diverse set of ecosystem services that illustrate this point and support the application of the precautionary principle to decisions affecting the natural world.'

Title: 'ReportRethinking Trade-Driven Extinction Risk in Marine and Terrestrial Megafauna'
Author: 'Loren'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982216304845
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We identified >100 species of megafauna hunted for international luxury markets\xe2\x80\xa2Economic value overrides biological sensitivity above a threshold value\xe2\x80\xa2Individual marine animals are as valuable as the most valuable terrestrial species\xe2\x80\xa2Large ranges buffer risk for terrestrial species, but not for marine speciesSummaryLarge animals hunted for the high value of their parts (e.g., elephant ivory and shark fins) are at risk of extinction due to both intensive international trade pressure and intrinsic biological sensitivity. However, the relative role of trade, particularly in non-perishable products, and biological factors in driving extinction risk is not well understood [1, 2, 3, 4]. Here we identify a taxonomically diverse group of >100 marine and terrestrial megafauna targeted for international luxury markets; estimate their value across three points of sale; test relationships among extinction risk, high value, and body size; and quantify the effects of two mitigating factors: poaching fines and geographic range size. We find that body size is the principal driver of risk for lower value species, but that this biological pattern is eliminated above a value threshold, meaning that the most valuable species face a high extinction risk regardless of size. For example, once mean product values exceed US$12,557\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921, body size no longer drives risk. Total value scales with size for marine animals more strongly than for terrestrial animals, incentivizing the hunting of large marine individuals and species. Poaching fines currently have little effect on extinction risk; fines would need to be increased 10- to 100-fold to be effective. Large geographic ranges reduce risk for terrestrial, but not marine, species, whose ranges are ten times greater. Our results underscore both the evolutionary and ecosystem consequences of targeting large marine animals and the need to geographically scale up and prioritize conservation of high-value marine species to avoid extinction.'

Title: 'Research PaperStimulus of developmental projects to landscape dynamics in Uttara Kannada, Central Western Ghats'
Author: 'T.V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1110982316300400
Abstract: 'AbstractUnplanned large scale developmental projects in recent times have been causing alterations in land use land cover [LULC] at spatial and temporal scales with the substantial changes in the landscape. Uttara Kannada district has the distinction of having highest forest cover in India. Forest ecosystems in the district have witnessed major transformations due to industrialization during the post-independence. Impact of developmental activities during the post-independence era, is evident from barren hill tops due to deforestation. The analysis of temporal spatial data acquired through space borne sensors highlights the decline of evergreen-semi evergreen forest cover from 67.73% (1973) to 32.08% (2013). The ad-hoc approaches adopted in the implementation of developmental projects in the ecologically sensitive regions has impaired the ecosystem services affecting the people\xe2\x80\x99s livelihood. The changes in the landscape structure with LULC changes have altered the functional abilities of an ecosystem evident from lowered hydrological yield, disappearing perennial streams, higher instances of human\xe2\x80\x93animal conflicts, declined ecosystem goods, etc. About 64355\xc2\xa0Ha of forest land is diverted for various non-forestry activities during the last four decades by the government apart from encroachment of 7072\xc2\xa0Ha of forest area for agriculture, horticulture activities, etc. Encroachment of forest land has resulted in the land degradation leading to reduced productivity. Alterations in bio-geo chemical and hydrological cycles have necessitated the restoration of native forests in the region to ensure water and food security, and livelihood of the local people. Monitoring and visualization of landscape dynamics helps in evolving appropriate management strategies. LULC dynamics analyses considering agents (developmental projects) through fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (AHP) integrated with Markov cellular automata (CA) indicate the developmental projects such as West Coast Paper Mill (WCPM) and Kaiga Nuclear Power House (KNPH) will lead to further fragmentation of forests with spurt in urbanization by 2022. This necessitates framing appropriate policy measures to sustain natural resources focusing on the landscape\xe2\x80\x99s ecological, hydrological, economic and social factors.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleTrade in bears in Lao PDR with observations from market surveys and seizure data'
Author: 'Lalita'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418300854
Abstract: "AbstractThis analysis examines seizure data that implicates Lao People's Democratic Republic (PDR) as a place of origin, transit point or destination of illegally-sourced live bears, their parts and derivatives, from 2010 to 2016. Intensive surveys of trade in 25 towns and villages carried out in 2016 recorded bear parts and derivatives for sale in more than half of locations surveyed, largely for use in traditional medicine. Live bears that were seized or surrendered to authorities are also analysed here, and of all cases combined, live bears accounted for more than half (62.7%). Live bears were largely cubs, and were most likely intended for sale to stock bear bile extraction facilities (bear farms). At least four other countries were implicated in cases involving trade in bears, their parts or derivatives, with Lao PDR, including China, Myanmar, the United States of America (US) and Viet Nam. This study provides evidence of Lao PDR's ongoing and open trade in bears, their parts and derivatives, in direct violation of national legislation, and of the continuing violations against the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES). Lao PDR remains a source of bears taken illegally from the wild, in Lao PDR and in neighbouring countries, and a hub of illegal wildlife trade. Clearly, more effort is needed to close down this trade, and steps need to be urgently taken to halt the adverse impacts on Lao PDR's wild bear populations."

Title: 'EssayCompromise solutions between conservation and road building in the tropics'
Author: 'Tim'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982214008331
Abstract: 'SummaryRoad construction is now common through wilderness and protected areas in tropical and subtropical countries with adverse consequences for their high native biodiversity. Here, we summarize the scope of the problem and advance specific compromise solutions that reconcile development with conservation.'

Title: 'Natural and traditional defense mechanisms to reduce climate risks in coastal zones of Bangladesh'
Author: 'Mohammed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221209471500002X
Abstract: 'AbstractSubstantially resourceful and densely populated coastal zones of Bangladesh experience numerous extreme events linked to hydro-meteorological processes viz. cyclones, tidal surges, floods, salinity intrusion and erosion etc. These hazards give rise to extensive damage to property and loss of lives every year. Further, anthropogenic activities in the coastal zones are accentuating environmental degradation causing widespread suffering. Cyclones and tornadoes in particular damage infrastructures and crops every year affecting the economy of the country negatively. Some naturally adapted plants as well as landscapes usually reduce the speed of cyclones and tornadoes and thus, protect the coastal zones. However, human activities have destroyed many of the forests and landscapes. Sundarbans and Chokoria Sundarbans mangrove forests of Bangladesh are under a great threat of extinction due to illicit logging and agricultural expansion. At least 34 plant species of tropical forest are on the verge of extinction. Many animals e.g., cats, bears, porcupines, wild boars, pythons and anteaters are in the process of being wiped out from the coastal areas. Among the marine and coastal species, Red crabs, jelly-fish, sharks, and dolphins are also rare but these were the major species prior to 1980s. This study revealed that during the recent decades there has been massive plantations and construction of embankment and polderization but these and other measures have been found to be impractical and ineffective in reducing disasters in coastal areas. There is a need for integration of traditional coping practices and wisdoms with modern approaches. Available knowledge on some of these traditional practices has been documented for establishing a sustainable policy for management of coastal zones of Bangladesh. By combining traditional and scientific management of coastal ecosystem with mangroves and other plants following triple-tier mechanism and habitat, it is possible to reduce the effects of natural and climate change-induced disasters. Under such a management system, the entire coastal zone can be made more productive and sustainable.'

Title: 'Review the Issue of Housing among Urban Dwellers in Malaysia with Special Reference towards Affordability to Home Ownership\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Hamidah'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212567116000277
Abstract: 'AbstractThis study aims to review the issue of housing among urban dwellers in Malaysia with special reference towards the affordability of home ownership. We find that the monthly income has a significant relationship with a type of home using correlation test. There is a negative relationship between type of home and monthly income at the 1% significance level. It shows that monthly income has a relationship to profitability. The correlation test shows that house price and time taken to buy have a positive correlation. For the regression test, only monthly income no significant impact towards the home type of ownership. There is a significant impact between the home type of ownership with time taken to buy and house price at 1% significant level.'

Title: "Securing a future for China's plant biodiversity through an integrated conservation approach"
Author: 'Sergei'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468265917301762
Abstract: 'AbstractThe severely threatened Chinese flora urgently needs a new, well adapted to China and properly formulated conservation strategy. The present review provides a detailed conservation methodology that complements previously described guidelines for preservation of plant species with extremely small populations (PSESP) in China. This review adds to the above concept in several aspects, making it relevant to all threatened Chinese plant species. The proposed integral conservation strategy has the following crucial components:-ecoregional basis for conservation planning and implementation;-a unified scoring system that is used in regional systematic planning for reserve design, monitoring and assessment of efficiency of a reserve network, and creation of seed banks and living collections;-a focus on population demography and the presence of naturally occurring regeneration as the key criteria for defining the conservation status of a species and the appropriate major focus of the species recovery plan;-creation of multi-species living collections that preserve species genetic variation and provide material for in situ actions;-experimental translocation of threatened species into multiple locations within and outside their known range.Adopting and implementing these strategies successfully and more fully in China requires that the country changes PA legislation and improves PA management, the National Science Foundation of China (NSFC) re-prioritizes the type of research that receives research funds, and local scientists improve their approach toward information sharing.'

Title: 'Production of live fish derived from frozen germ cells via germ cell transplantation'
Author: 'Goro'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187350611830093X
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Germ cells transplanted into the body cavity of hatchlings migrated towards the recipient gonads and initiated gametogenesis.\xe2\x80\xa2Spermatogonia transplanted into females completed oogenesis and oogonia transplanted into males completed spermatogenesis.\xe2\x80\xa2Cryopreserved germ cells transplanted into recipients produce functional gametes.AbstractThe conservation of endangered fish is an urgent issue. Although cryo-banking of fish gametes might ultimately help conserve endangered fish, cryopreservation of fish eggs or embryos is still not possible due to their large size and high yolk content. Therefore, as an alternative, we focused on undifferentiated germ cells, such as primordial germ cells, spermatogonia, and oogonia, as materials for cryopreservation. Transplantation of cryopreserved germ cells into the body cavity of allogeneic or xenogeneic recipients sterilized by triploidization or endogenous germ cell ablation resulted in migration of the transplanted germ cells toward the recipient genital ridges, where they were eventually incorporated. The donor-derived germ cells initiated either spermatogenesis or oogenesis in the recipient gonads, depending on the sex of the recipient. Furthermore, by mating the male and female recipients, viable offspring derived from the frozen germ cells were produced. Although this technology was established using salmonid fish, we found that it is applicable to a wide range of fish species. Thus, this method might represent a \xe2\x80\x9csilver bullet\xe2\x80\x9d for preserving the valuable genetic resources of endangered fish species.'

Title: 'ReviewManaging mosquitoes and ticks in a rapidly changing world \xe2\x80\x93 Facts and trends'
Author: 'Giovanni'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319562X1830158X
Abstract: 'AbstractVector-borne diseases transmitted by mosquitoes and ticks are on the rise. The effective and sustainable control of these arthropod vectors is a puzzling challenge for public health worldwide. In the present review, I attempted to provide a concise and updated overview of the current mosquito and tick research scenario. The wide array of control tools recently developed has been considered, with special reference to those approved by the World Health Organization Vector Control Advisory Group (WHO VCAG), as well as novel ones with an extremely promising potential to be exploited in vector control programs. Concerning mosquitoes, a major focus has been given on genetically modified vectors, eave tubes, attractive toxic sugar baits (ATSB) and biocontrol agents. Regarding ticks, the recent development of highly effective repellents and acaricides (including nanoformulated ones) as well as behavior-based control tools, has been highlighted. In the second part of the review, key research questions about biology and control of mosquitoes and ticks have been critically formulated. A timely research agenda outlining hot issues to be addressed in mosquito and tick research is provided. Overall, it is expected that the present review will contribute to boost research and applications on successful mosquito and tick control strategies, along with an improved knowledge of their biology and ecology.'

Title: 'Quick guideVultures'
Author: 'Evan R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982216001342
Abstract: ''

Title: 'Buffer Zone Delineation at Conservation Reserve\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Che Bon'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877042816303068
Abstract: 'AbstractStakeholders play an important role towards the Conservation Reserve Buffer Zone. Their perspectives with regards to the concept and delineation criteria of BZ are important and may reduce the conflict of interest between livelihood of the people and conservation objectives of the CR. This paper describes the pilot findings of in-depth interviews with the key stakeholders of two important CR in Malaysia. The findings shows that they understand the concept of BZ differently and there are disputes and agreements on delineation criteria and factors affecting the criteria.'

Title: 'Hotspots of canine leptospirosis in the United States of America'
Author: 'Allison M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S109002331730059X
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Machine learning methods were used to predict the spatial occurrence of canine leptospirosis in the USA.\xe2\x80\xa2Positive canine leptospirosis tests were more likely to occur in the Midwest, Eastern and Southwestern USA.\xe2\x80\xa2Deciduous forest and precipitation appear to influence the likelihood of occurrence of canine leptospirosis in the USA.AbstractLeptospirosis is a widespread zoonotic disease that causes hepatic and renal disease in dogs and human beings. The incidence of leptospirosis in dogs in the USA appears to be increasing. This study used 14 years of canine leptospirosis testing data across 3109 counties in the USA to analyze environmental and socio-economic correlates with rates of infection and to produce a map of locations of increased risk for canine leptospirosis. Boosted regression trees were used to identify the probability of a dog testing positive for leptospirosis based on microscopic agglutination test (MAT) results, and environmental and socio-economic data. The Midwest, East and Southwest were more likely to yield positive tests for leptospirosis, although specific counties in Appalachia had some of the highest predicted probabilities. Location (suburban areas or areas with deciduous forest) and climate (precipitation and temperature) were predictors for positive MAT results for leptospirosis, although the precise direction and strength of the effects was difficult to interpret. Wide geographic variation in predicted risk was identified. This risk mapping approach may provide opportunities for improved diagnosis, control and prevention of leptospirosis in dogs.'

