Title: 'Original Research ArticleUsing non-invasively collected genetic data to estimate density and population size of tigers in the Bangladesh Sundarbans'
Author: 'M. Abdul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989417301130
Abstract: 'AbstractPopulation density is a key parameter to monitor endangered carnivores in the wild. The photographic capture-recapture method has been widely used for decades to monitor tigers, Panthera tigris, however the application of this method in the Sundarbans tiger landscape is challenging due to logistical difficulties. Therefore, we carried out molecular analyses of DNA contained in non-invasively collected genetic samples to assess the tiger population in the Bangladesh Sundarbans within a spatially explicit capture-recapture (SECR) framework. By surveying four representative sample areas totalling 1994\xc2\xa0km2 of the Bangladesh Sundarbans, we collected 440 suspected tiger scat and hair samples. Genetic screening of these samples provided 233 authenticated tiger samples, which we attempted to amplify at 10 highly polymorphic microsatellite loci. Of these, 105 samples were successfully amplified, representing 45 unique genotype profiles. The capture-recapture analyses of these unique genotypes within the SECR model provided a density estimate of 2.85\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa0SE 0.44 tigers/100\xc2\xa0km2 (95% CI: 1.99\xe2\x80\x933.71 tigers/100\xc2\xa0km2) for the area sampled, and an estimate of 121 tigers (95% CI: 84\xe2\x80\x93158 tigers) for the total area of the Bangladesh Sundarbans. We demonstrate that this non-invasive genetic surveillance can be an additional approach for monitoring tiger populations in a landscape where camera-trapping is challenging.'

Title: 'Original Research ArticleIdentifying landscape factors affecting tiger decline in the Bangladesh Sundarbans'
Author: 'Abu Naser Mohsin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418300350
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Sundarbans Forest (\xe2\x88\xbc10,000\xe2\x80\xafkm2) represents the only mangrove ecosystem inhabited by tigers Panthera tigris. However, in the Bangladesh portion of the Sundarbans (\xe2\x88\xbc6,000\xe2\x80\xafkm2) tigers appear to have declined. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of a range of environmental and landscape variables in possible changes in the relative abundance of tigers in the Bangladesh Sundarbans over a five-year period (2007\xe2\x80\x932011). In 2007, 2011 tiger relative abundance was assessed using sign surveys. Using regression models we investigated changes in relative abundance versus multiple landscape variables (human disturbance associated with villages and commercial shipping lanes, distance to the international border with India where there is enhanced patrolling, presence of forest guard stations, number of criminal prosecutions and forest protection status). Tiger relative abundance was higher in 2007 and declined by 2011 with changes best explained by the proximity to international boundaries. This result might have been affected by the high levels of security patrols at the India-Bangladesh border along with cross border tiger movement between India and Bangladesh. Neighboring tiger range countries could strengthen cross-border law enforcement, increasing protection of dispersing animals. Particularly alarming was the absence of a positive effect of protected areas relative to those outside the protected area system or forest guard stations, implying a lack of management effectiveness suggesting an urgent need for an improved strategy for managing tigers and their habitats.'

Title: 'Comparative study of the reproductive performance and White Spot Syndrome Virus (WSSV) status of black tiger shrimp (Penaeus monodon) collected from the Bay of Bengal'
Author: 'Partho'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0044848613006911
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2WSSV is a major problem for the shrimp industry in Bangladesh.\xe2\x80\xa2WSSV prevalence in wild broodstock is related to the depth they are captured at.\xe2\x80\xa2WSSV is negatively correlated with reproductive performance of shrimp broods.\xe2\x80\xa2Use of domesticated SPF broods is required to reduce the risk of WSSV.AbstractA comparative study to assess length, weight, fecundity, hatching rate and White Spot Syndrome Virus (WSSV) prevalence in black tiger shrimp (Penaeus monodon) broods collected from shallow and deep water zones of the Bay of Bengal was carried out in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. Average size and reproductive performance of broods from the deep zone were significantly higher than those of broods caught from the shallow zone. The incidence of WSSV infection in shallow zone broods was much higher than that in deep zone broods. The association between depth zone and WSSV infection is independent of brood size. WSSV infection is negatively associated with hatching rate, irrespective of location. Exclusive use of tiger shrimp broods collected from the deep zone could reduce vertical transmission of WSSV by 46% without additional management measures. A variety of economic, social and ecological factors make this potential solution unworkable however. A better alternative could be to promote the use of domesticated P. monodon broods."

Title: 'Original Research ArticleInvestigating patterns of tiger and prey poaching in the Bangladesh Sundarbans: Implications for improved management'
Author: 'M. Abdul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416301287
Abstract: 'AbstractPoaching of tigers and their key prey threatens the survival of tigers across their range. This study investigated the methods, intensity, and driving factors of tiger and prey poaching in the Sundarbans Reserved Forest of Bangladesh, to help better design and direct future management interventions. The study identified a range of snaring methods used to catch prey and an approach to killing tigers by poisoning prey carcasses with a Carbofuran pesticide. We recorded six poisoned baits set to kill tigers and 1427 snare loops in 56 snare sets to kill tiger prey. With an average of 23 snare loops/snare set, this is equivalent to an estimated 6268 snare loops across the Sundarbans or 147 snare loops/100 km2. Poachers selected sites that tended to be away from guard posts, and close to river banks, but were not influenced by protected area status or distance to the forest boundary. The current poaching pressure is likely to have contributed to a recent decline in relative tiger abundance. We recommend using better regulation of Carbofuran use across tiger range countries, and using remote camera traps set up around snares and poisoned baits to help authorities identify poachers for arrest. This study demonstrates a simple approach to investigating the methods, intensity and distribution of poaching, that could be replicated across all tiger landscapes to better direct mitigating actions and monitor changes in threat levels over time.'

Title: 'ReportThe Genetic Basis of White Tigers'
Author: 'Xiao'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982213004958
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Whole-genome sequencing enables mapping of the white tiger mutation\xe2\x80\xa2A single amino acid change in transporter SLC45A2 causes the white tiger phenotype\xe2\x80\xa2The white tiger mutation primarily affects the red/yellow pheomelanin pathway\xe2\x80\xa2The white tiger variant is viable in the wild and a natural polymorphism of the tigerSummaryThe white tiger, an elusive Bengal tiger (Panthera tigris tigris) variant with white fur and dark stripes, has fascinated humans for centuries ever since its discovery in the jungles of India [1]. Many white tigers in captivity are inbred in order to maintain this autosomal recessive trait [2, 3, 4, 5] and consequently suffer some health problems, leading to the controversial speculation that the white tiger mutation is perhaps a genetic defect [6]. However, the genetic basis of this phenotype remains unknown. Here, we conducted genome-wide association mapping with restriction-site-associated DNA sequencing (RAD-seq) in a pedigree of 16 captive tigers segregating at the putative white locus, followed by whole-genome sequencing (WGS) of the three parents. Validation in 130 unrelated tigers identified the causative mutation to be an amino acid change (A477V) in the transporter protein SLC45A2. Three-dimensional homology modeling suggests that the substitution may partially block the transporter channel cavity and thus affect melanogenesis. We demonstrate the feasibility of combining RAD-seq and WGS to rapidly map exotic variants in nonmodel organisms. Our results identify the basis of the longstanding white tiger mystery as the same gene underlying color variation in human, horse, and chicken and highlight its significance as part of the species\xe2\x80\x99 natural polymorphism that is viable in the wild.'

Title: 'Research LetterAbnormal origin of right coronary artery and use of Tiger catheter through femoral route'
Author: 'Goutam'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0019483215002564
Abstract: 'AbstractBackgroundAbnormal origin of right coronary artery (RCA) is not uncommon. The incidence is .25\xe2\x80\x93.92%. Right Judkin catheter is used universally for engaging right coronary ostium from femoral route. We have tried Tiger catheter from femoral route in abnormal origin of RCA patients. We were successful in cannulating RCA ostium in most of the cases.Materials and methodsWe have studied about 5120 patients over 4 years. We have selected patients from November 2010 to November 2014. Our patients are from two institutions\xe2\x80\x94I.P.G.M.E.R., Kolkata and Burdwan Medical College, West Bengal. Right Judkin 3.5 and 4 were used universally. We have used AL-1,2,3, AR1,2, multipurpose, different guide catheters for cannulating RCA ostium in those cases where we failed to engage by right Judkin catheter. We have used Tiger catheter as a last resort when all endeavor failed.Results and analysisAmong 40 cases of left sinus origin Type A\xe2\x80\x949, Type B\xe2\x80\x9414, Type C\xe2\x80\x946, Type D\xe2\x80\x943, and Type E\xe2\x80\x948 patients were observed. But 668 cases abnormal origin of RCA were from right coronary sinus only. High take-off origin were 422 cases (8%), low take-off were 132 cases (2.5%), and posterior origin were 114 cases (2%). We could engage right coronary ostium by Tiger catheter in 690 cases (97%). We failed in 23 cases (3%).ConclusionTiger catheter can be used successfully in abnormal RCA origin cases. It is more effective but less risky in comparison to other catheters.'

Title: 'Modeling tiger population and territory dynamics using an agent-based approach'
Author: 'Neil'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304380015002574
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2We integrated territoriality into an agent-based model of tiger population dynamics.\xe2\x80\xa2The model was based on theories about resource use and conspecific interactions.\xe2\x80\xa2Model outputs closely matched real patterns observed in Nepal's Chitwan National Park.\xe2\x80\xa2The model can be a very useful tool for wildlife researchers and conservation planners.AbstractEffective conservation planning of globally endangered tigers (Panthera tigris) requires a good understanding of their population dynamics. Territoriality, an essential characteristic of many wildlife species, plays a crucial role in the population dynamics of tigers. However, previous models of tiger population dynamics have not adequately incorporated territoriality. We therefore developed and implemented a spatially explicit agent-based model of tiger population dynamics shaped by different territorial behaviors of males and females. To allow for predictions to new conditions, for which no data exist, territories are not imposed but emerge from the tigers\xe2\x80\x99 perception of habitat quality and from their interactions with each other. Tiger population dynamics is deduced from merging territory dynamics with observed demographic rates. We apply the model to Nepal's Chitwan National Park, part of a global biodiversity hotspot and home to a large (\xe2\x88\xbc125) population of tigers. Our model matched closely with observed patterns of the real tiger population in the park, including reproduction, mortality, dispersal, resource selection, male and female land tenure, territory size and spatial distribution, and tiger population size and age structure. The ultimate purpose of the model, which will be presented in follow-up work, is to explore human-tiger interactions and assess threats to tiger populations across contexts and scales. The model can thus be used to better inform decision makers on how to conserve tigers under uncertain and changing future conditions."

Title: 'ReportSubspecies Genetic Assignments of Worldwide Captive Tigers Increase Conservation Value of Captive Populations'
Author: 'Shu-Jin'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S096098220800434X
Abstract: 'SummaryTigers (Panthera tigris) are disappearing rapidly from the wild, from over 100,000 in the 1900s to as few as 3000 1, 2. Javan (P.t. sondaica), Bali (P.t. balica), and Caspian (P.t. virgata) subspecies are extinct, whereas the South China tiger (P.t. amoyensis) persists only in zoos 1, 3. By contrast, captive tigers are flourishing, with 15,000\xe2\x80\x9320,000 individuals worldwide, outnumbering their wild relatives five to seven times [4]. We assessed subspecies genetic ancestry of 105 captive tigers from 14 countries and regions by using Bayesian analysis and diagnostic genetic markers defined by a prior analysis of 134 voucher tigers of significant genetic distinctiveness [5]. We assigned 49 tigers to one of five subspecies (Bengal P.t. tigris, Sumatran P.t. sumatrae, Indochinese P.t. corbetti, Amur P.t. altaica, and Malayan P.t. jacksoni tigers) and determined 52 had admixed subspecies origins. The tested captive tigers retain appreciable genomic diversity unobserved in their wild counterparts, perhaps a consequence of large population size, century-long introduction of new founders, and managed-breeding strategies to retain genetic variability. Assessment of verified subspecies ancestry offers a powerful tool that, if applied to tigers of uncertain background, may considerably increase the number of purebred tigers suitable for conservation management.'

Title: 'Numerical Study on Storm Surge and Associated Coastal Inundation for 2009 AILA Cyclone in the Head Bay of Bengal\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'R.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214241X15000553
Abstract: 'AbstractStorm surge from tropical cyclones leads to extreme coastal flooding along low gradient shorelines, barriers, and deltaic system. Typically low-lying deltaic environment comprises of soft sediments and are densely populated, and these regions are quite dynamic and changes in coastal geomorphology are quite rapid from impact of each cyclone. The horizontal extent of coastal flooding depends on factors such as cyclone intensity, wind speed, and onshore topography. One can expect the worst possible scenario of coastal flooding when the time of storm surge coincides with astronomical high tides. Flooding potential from storm surge is quite high for coastal regions in West Bengal, Bangladesh and Myanmar. High tidal amplitude (\xe2\x89\x88 4-5 m) along with complex coastline geometry comprising of several inlets, tidal creeks, and river drainage systems cause differential flooding along the onshore regions. The risk level is quite high as flooding from surge can penetrate the river system and inundate low-lying areas along riverbanks. The current study investigates the scenario of coastal flooding associated with the 2009 Aila cyclone for the West Bengal and Bangladesh regions. The numerical Advanced Circulation (ADCIRC) model estimated the storm surge and associated onshore inundation. The computed maximum storm surge was around 4 m along the Sunderban region. The estimated average inland inundation was about 350 m along the coastal belts and major riverbanks. The inundation occurred along 500\xc2\xa0km coastal stretch, with inland penetration distance reaching a maximum of about 600 m at certain low-lying areas in West Bengal and Bangladesh. This study emphasizes the need for inundation mapping in vulnerable coastal areas, having practical significance in coastal disaster management'

Title: 'Employee Motivation from Performance Appraisal Implications: Test of a Theory in the Software Industry in West Bengal (India)\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'M.K.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212567114001877
Abstract: "AbstractThe Software industry and its operation have attracted the concentration of a considerable number of researchers in the last decade, as the industry has proven its uniqueness in nature, operation, contribution to GDP and HR practice. The software industry is distinguished from other industries, by fast changing technology, quality conscious and multinational clients, stiff international competition and shortage as well as fast obsolesce of skill, although the success of IT companies depends on its\xe2\x80\x99 talented and skilled workforce. As a result, measurement and management of performance of individual, team and the organization as a whole is a requisite. The paper tried to study the attitude of the employees\xe2\x80\x99 of the software companies in West Bengal (India) towards performance appraisal. The paper has identified main consequences of appraisal from the previous literatures and tried to find out the effects of those end results on employee motivation towards performance appraisal. The exploratory paper, based on primary survey of 506 employee data collected from 19 software companies of Kolkata, the tier I region for the software industry in West Bengal. Data are analyzed using factor analysis, to find out the applications of appraisal, followed by a binary regression to understand their implications on the employee motivation. The study has found the importance of the line managers in the practice of the appraisal process also reviewed different dilemmas regarding appraisal practice and employee issues depending on company's size, business focus. The practice of appraising and its implications are also diverse in different companies throughout the industry."

Title: 'Telecardiology for chest pain management in Rural Bengal \xe2\x80\x93 A private venture model: A pilot project'
Author: 'Tapan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0019483215007762
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Original Research ArticleObservations of illegal wildlife trade in Boten, a Chinese border town within a Specific Economic Zone in northern Lao PDR'
Author: 'Kanitha'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989418300052
Abstract: "AbstractThis study reports on the illegal wildlife trade in the town of Boten, a Specific Economic Zone in the Luang Namtha Province of Lao PDR, located 1\xe2\x80\xafkm from the Chinese border. A one-day survey was conducted in April 2016, involving a combination of direct observations of open trade and informal discussions with traders. This was matched against a rapid evaluation of the country's primary wildlife law that was effective at the time of the survey, to assess wildlife trade against regulatory controls. We recorded approximately 980 individual items comprising live animals, their parts and products from at least 13 species of mammals and two species of reptiles in seven outlets. Trade in wildlife for medicinal use was dominant, particularly involving bears. Bear-based products and bear parts made up 43% (or 425 individual items) of all products observed. We also observed at least 40 live bears in a bear facility. Other wildlife parts and products recorded included approximately 200 pangolin scales, 74 pieces of elephant skin and seven bottles of tiger Panthera tigris wine. Almost all trade recorded was deemed to be against national law, illustrating lax, or no law enforcement. Although only based on a one-day survey, findings confirm the important and active role Boten plays in the illegal wildlife trade, where an inherent link with China was apparent. All businesses were operated by Chinese nationals, revealed from discussions with the traders. Lao PDR's Economic Zones are known to cater to largely Chinese markets, including for the illegal sale of wildlife. Findings call for the need for much improved regulation and law enforcement, including within the Economic Zones, in adherence to national laws and in compliant obligations under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES)."

Title: 'Tidal intrusion within a mega delta: An unstructured grid modelling approach'
Author: 'Lucy M.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0272771416303791
Abstract: "AbstractThe finite volume community ocean model (FVCOM) has been applied to the Ganges-Brahmaputra-Meghna (GBM) delta in the northern part of the Bay of Bengal in order to simulate tidal hydrodynamics and freshwater flow in a complex river system. The delta region is data-poor in observations of both bathymetry and water level; making it a challenge for accurate hydrodynamic models be configured for and validated in this area. This is the first 3D baroclinic model covering the whole GBM delta from deep water beyond the shelf break to 250\xc2\xa0km inland, the limit of tidal penetration.This paper examines what controls tidal penetration from the open coast into an intricate system of river channels. A modelling approach is used to improve understanding of the hydrodynamics of the GBM delta system. Tidal penetration is controlled by a combination of bathymetry, channel geometry, bottom friction, and river flow. The simulated tides must be validated before this delta model is used further to investigate baroclinic processes, river salinity and future change in this area. The performance of FVCOM tidal model configuration is evaluated at a range of sites in order to assess its ability to capture water levels which vary over both a tidal and seasonal cycle.FVCOM is seen to capture the leading tidal constituents well at coastal tide gauge stations, with small root-mean-squared errors of 10\xc2\xa0cm on average. Inland, the model compares favourably with twice daily observed water levels at thirteen stations where it is able to capture both tidal and annual timescales in the estuarine system. When the river discharge is particularly strong, the tidal range can be reduced as the tide and river are in direct competition.The bathymetry is found to be the most influential control on water levels within the delta, though tidal penetration can be significantly affected by the model's bottom roughness, and the inclusion of large river discharge. We discuss the generic problem of implementing a model in a data-poor region and the challenge of validating a hydrodynamic model from the open coast to narrow river channels."

Title: 'Social-ecological dynamics of the small scale fisheries in Sundarban Mangrove Forest, Bangladesh'
Author: 'Mohammad Mojibul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468550X17300898
Abstract: "AbstractThe Sundarban Mangrove Forest (SMF) is an intricate ecosystem containing the most varied and profuse natural resources of Bangladesh. This study presents empirical research, based on primary and secondary data, regarding the social-ecological system (SES), social-ecological dynamics, different stakeholders and relevant management policies of small-scale or artisanal fisheries such as the SMF; showing how, despite extensive diversification, the livelihood activities of the artisanal fishers in the SMF all depend on the forest itself. Regardless of this critical importance of mangroves, however, deforestation continues due to immature death of mangroves, illegal logging, increased salinity, natural disasters and significant household consumption of mangrove wood by local people. As the mangroves are destroyed fish stocks, and other fishery resources are reduced, leading to moves of desperation among those whose livelihood has traditionally been fishing. The present study also considers several risks and shock factors in the fishers' livelihood: attacks by wild animals (especially tigers) and local bandits, illness, natural disasters, river bank erosion, and the cost of paying off corrupt officials. The artisanal fishers of the SMF have adopted different strategies for coping with these problems: developing partnerships, violating the fisheries management laws and regulations, migrating, placing greater responsibility on women, and bartering fishing knowledge and information. This study shows how the social component (human), the ecological component (mangrove resources) and the interphase aspects (local ecological knowledge, stakeholder's interest, and money lenders or middle man roles) of the SMF as an SES are linked in mutual interaction. It furthermore considers how the social-ecological dynamics of the SMF have negative impacts on artisanal fishermen's livelihoods. Hence there is an urgency to update existing policies and management issues for the sustainable utilization of the SMF resources, eventually contributing to the improvement of the artisanal fishers' livelihoods."

Title: 'Review articleBiodiversity research trends and gap analysis from a transboundary landscape, Eastern Himalayas'
Author: 'Pratikshya'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X15001028
Abstract: 'AbstractThe Kangchenjunga landscape, a transboundary complex shared by Bhutan, India, and Nepal, is one of the biologically richest regions in the Eastern Himalayas. Owing to the remarkable biodiversity, the three countries came together to enhance regional cooperation in conservation and development in 2012. To start a strategic conservation intervention, the status of our knowledge base on biodiversity of the landscape is the most important stepping stone. In this paper, we traced the history of biodiversity research in the Kangchenjunga landscape, and present the research trends over time and subject interests. Meanwhile, we also identified key research and knowledge gaps and future priorities. For this, we analyzed 500 peer-reviewed journal articles (until 2014) relating to biodiversity, which were retrieved from the web platform \xe2\x80\x98Google Scholar\xe2\x80\x99 and other peer-reviewed journals. The review showed that the landscape received attention from the scientific community as early as the 1840s, and grew progressively after the 1980s. Research on fauna (especially mammals) and flora (especially angiosperms) is most notable, but with major gaps in systematic research of their ecology, whereas invertebrates other than butterflies appear to be neglected. There is a need for systematic research with long-term monitoring that would allow us to understand changes occurring within the landscape.'

Title: 'Snake bite in India: A few matters to note'
Author: 'Siju V.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221475001830177X
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Study of diatom assemblages in Sundarbans mangrove water based on light microscopy and rbcL gene sequencing'
Author: 'Brajogopal'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2405844017318820
Abstract: "AbstractSundarbans, the world's largest mangrove deltaic region, is one of the most productive ecosystems in tropical and subtropical latitudes and also serve as a nursery ground for rich coastal fisheries. In this study, we highlighted diatom assemblages from the Indian part of Sundarbans Biosphere Reserve (SBR) area for the first time based on light microscopy and rbcL gene sequencing and phylogeny. In total, 15 diatom species (11 centric forms and 4 pennate forms) were documented using light microscopy, and 3 major clades of diatoms were detected in rbcL phylogeny. Out of 15 diatom species, 7 were the first record from Sundarbans mangrove water. One of the species, Thalassiosira ferelineata Hasle and Fryxell, was reported for the first time in an Asian mangrove ecosystem based on light microscopy. Our study suggests the importance of establishing cultures and their polyphasic taxonomy are the future necessity to create an authenticated diatom database from mangrove water, which is still overlooked globally."

Title: 'Original research articleConserving wildlife wealth of Patharia Hills Reserve Forest, Assam, India: A critical analysis'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416301664
Abstract: 'AbstractWildlife plays an important role in maintaining the balance of various natural processes of the earth. It contributes to food security, economical growth, pollination, seed dispersal for forest regeneration. The present study was carried out at Patharia Hills Reserve Forest (RF) of southern Assam (India) with the aim to study the wildlife distribution, species trend over time and various threats to them. Semi-structure interview and secondary literature were used during the study; 83 species of mammals were found to inhabit RF. Unfortunately, the wildlife of the RF are facing numerous threats, largely due to clearing of forest, encroachment, collection of timber and non-timber forest products, habitat loss and fragmentation. People are of the opinion that the RF is their common property which they can exploit as their wish. The study revealed the wildlife distribution and the various threats, which is the basic challenge for the conservation. Multi-action approaches for the benefit of villagers as well as wildlife are suggested. Elevating the status of the RF may be a vital solution to protect the RF in a better way.'

Title: 'SelectLearning from Exotic Species'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0092867413008362
Abstract: 'Although much of what we know about biology has come from the study of a handful of organisms, these existing models only provide a sampling of the interesting traits and adaptations of life. Technological advances have enabled biologists to take a much broader look, with this Select highlighting recent insights into fundamental processes revealed from the study of nonmodel organisms.'

Title: 'Original articleTaxonomic revision of the tribe Danaini (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae: Danainae) from Myanmar'
Author: 'Nan Zarchi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X1730002X
Abstract: 'AbstractThe tribe Danaini is reviewed for the first time from Myanmar. Ten species of four genera belonging to two subtribes are taxonomically described. Identification keys for the subtribes, the genera, and all species are provided. The adult illustrations for all examined species are also presented.'

Title: 'ReviewOutstanding Challenges in the Transferability of Ecological Models'
Author: 'Katherine L.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0169534718301812
Abstract: 'HighlightsModels transferred to novel conditions could provide predictions in data-poor scenarios, contributing to more informed management decisions.The determinants of ecological predictability are, however, still insufficiently understood.Predictions from transferred ecological models are affected by species\xe2\x80\x99 traits, sampling biases, biotic interactions, nonstationarity, and the degree of environmental dissimilarity between reference and target systems.We synthesize six technical and six fundamental challenges that, if resolved, will catalyze practical and conceptual advances in model transfers.We propose that the most immediate obstacle to improving understanding lies in the absence of a widely applicable set of metrics for assessing transferability, and that encouraging the development of models grounded in well-established mechanisms offers the most immediate way of improving transferability.Predictive models are central to many scientific disciplines and vital for informing management in a rapidly changing world. However, limited understanding of the accuracy and precision of models transferred to novel conditions (their \xe2\x80\x98transferability\xe2\x80\x99) undermines confidence in their predictions. Here, 50 experts identified priority knowledge gaps which, if filled, will most improve model transfers. These are summarized into six technical and six fundamental challenges, which underlie the combined need to intensify research on the determinants of ecological predictability, including species traits and data quality, and develop best practices for transferring models. Of high importance is the identification of a widely applicable set of transferability metrics, with appropriate tools to quantify the sources and impacts of prediction uncertainty under novel conditions.'

Title: 'FeatureFelids fighting for survival'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982212012547
Abstract: 'SummaryCat-like carnivores conquered the globe and became top predators on five continents. Today, however, most of the 37 surviving species are threatened, including the iconic species of large, roaring cats. Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Effects of primatological training on anthropomorphic valuations of emotions'
Author: 'Roberto E.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2451830118300323
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Anthropomorphism is a consequence of similarities between human and non-human animals.\xe2\x80\xa2Primatologists use sensory and motor processes to infer primate emotional expressions.\xe2\x80\xa2Training and experience influence anthropomorphic attributions made by primatologists.\xe2\x80\xa2Experience is accompanied by functional plasticity of sensory and motor cortices.AbstractAnthropomorphism implies the attribution of human like emotions and cognition to non-human animals. This tendency may be conditioned by similar morphologies between mammals and is particularly important in primatology. Some neurocognitive findings suggest that prefrontal brain activity associated to conceptual learning influences anthropomorphic judgments, nevertheless, individual differences are also presented indicating that training on primate behavior may influence anthropomorphism. We identified and interpreted brain activity registered by functional magnetic resonance imaging while seven trained primatologists (39.42\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x8910.86\xe2\x80\x89yr.) inferred emotions in human primates, non-human primates and non-primate animals; comparisons were made with seven matched scholars with no primatological training (38.71\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x899.34\xe2\x80\x89yr.). Primatologists manifested cerebellar, occipital and frontal activity related to sensory and motor processes when valuating humans and non-human primates, but not for other animals. So, primatological training and experience may elicit brain plasticity processes allowing inner motor and sensory models through frontal and cerebellar interactions.'

Title: 'Fisheries resources of Bangladesh: Present status and future direction'
Author: 'Md. Mostafa'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2468550X16300260
Abstract: "AbstractBangladesh is considered one of the most suitable regions for fisheries in the world, with the world's largest flooded wetland and the third largest aquatic biodiversity in Asia after China and India. This paper reviews the performance of fisheries in Bangladesh using data collected from the Bangladesh Department of Fisheries, and related un-published grey literatures. The findings within describe recent growth within Bangladeshi inland fisheries, primarily in the inland aquaculture sector (2014\xe2\x80\x932015). This increase in the aquaculture production has been made possible with the implementation of scientific and technological modernization. From 2000 and 2016, aquaculture production increased from 712,640 and 2,060,408 metric t, a much larger quantity than wild capture production (1.023 million t) in 2016. There has also been a recent increase in the value of fishery exports, with more than US $34.08 billion in 2010 rising to more than US $46.60 billion in 2015. However, fisheries production is well below production targets despite the large gains seen in the aquaculture sector."

Title: 'FeatureCan zoos offer more than entertainment?'
Author: 'Michael'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982215005382
Abstract: 'SummaryZoos and aquariums are facing criticism due to a heightened awareness of animal welfare issues, but also see their importance for conservation work expanding. Can they adapt to a new role focused on conservation and education rather than just entertainment? Michael Gross reports.'

Title: 'Review ArticleConservation status of some endangered mammals in Barak Valley, Northeast India'
Author: 'Nazimur Rahman'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X18300542
Abstract: 'AbstractFrom the ancient time, the Northeast part of India is rich in biodiversity because of its diverse topographic, climatic features. Different varieties of mammalian, avian, and herpetofauna are endemic to this region. Unfortunately, life of this diverse flora and fauna is in jeopardy due to serious anthropogenic pressure. Once a large number of globally important species sustained in the Barak Valley. However, with the increasing population and subsequent demand on natural resources and developing activities, many of the species are no more found in the valley. If the conservation action is not initiated, the remaining species will also vanish with time. This article highlights the distribution and conservation problems of four endangered species in the Barak Valley of Assam, India and recommended conservation tactics.'

Title: 'FeatureSpecies highs'
Author: 'Nigel'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982209016157
Abstract: 'SummaryA new report highlights the threat of climate change to new species discovered in the eastern Himalayas over recent years, writes Nigel Williams.'

Title: 'Original ArticleGenetic variation in wild and hatchery populations of giant freshwater prawn (Macrobrachium rosenbergii) revealed by randomly amplified polymorphic DNA markers'
Author: 'Babul'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1687157X17300148
Abstract: 'AbstractSustainable improvement and conservation of any genetic resource depend on the assessment of its intra- and inter-population genetic variation. In order to estimate genetic variation in both wild and hatchery populations of Macrobrachium rosenbergii, randomly amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) analysis was performed. Analyses of 51 polymorphic loci amplified from genomic DNA by three decamer random primers revealed different degrees of genetic variation in two wild (Bhairab and Rupsha rivers) and hatchery-derived gher (Gher-1 and Gher-2) populations. The proportion of polymorphic loci was found to be higher in wild populations (0.90 and 0.65 for the Bhairab and Rupsha populations, respectively) than the hatchery-derived gher populations (0.29 and 0.16 for Gher-1 and Gher-2, respectively). Likewise, the river populations contained higher levels of gene diversity (0.221 and 0.179 for Bhairab and Rupsha populations, respectively) than the gher populations (0.114 and 0.045 for Gher-1 and Gher-2, respectively). These results suggest reduction of genetic variation and heterozygosity in the hatchery-derived gher populations. Inter-population similarity indices and pairwise genetic distance values showed that variation between the wild or between the gher populations were lower than those between the wild and hatchery populations. On average, 14 loci exhibited significant deviation from homogeneity in wild vs hatchery population pairs, whereas 2 and 3 loci showed heterogeneity in Gher-1 vs Gher-2 and Bhairab vs Rupsha population pairs, respectively. A genetic distance-based UPGMA dendrogram segregated river populations from the gher populations. Our study, therefore, revealed substantial levels of genetic variation between wild and hatchery populations of M. rosenbergii.'

Title: 'Original research articleAssessing patterns of human\xe2\x80\x93Asiatic black bear interaction in and around Wangchuck Centennial National Park, Bhutan'
Author: 'Yonten'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989416300786
Abstract: 'AbstractBhutan has 2 of the 8 species of bears recorded in the world: Asiatic black bear and Sloth bear. Asiatic black bear is listed in Appendix I of the CITES and categorized as vulnerable in IUCN Red List. Asiatic black bear is increasingly becoming nuisance to people by attacking crops, livestock and even humans, threatening its own existence as a result of retaliation. With the need to understand the interactions between the communities living within the Wangchuck Centennial National Park (WCNP) and the Asiatic black bears, 620 households in and around WCNP were interviewed in 2010. Between 1960 and 2010, Asiatic black bears mauled 40 people in and around WCNP and four district hospitals within which WCNP operates recorded 19 cases of humans mauled by bear from 2013 to 2015. Majority (45% and 43% of respondents) reported the crop and livestock depredation during summer and autumn season respectively and 75% of the respondents reported sighting bear in 2010. About 52% of respondents believed that killing of bears could reduce the conflict, which may be a potential threat to the bear, though stringent conservation rules of the country restricts killing it. Community outreach programs like creating awareness on importance of bear and its habitat conservation may be pursued to help reduce the conflict. Integrated conservation measures such as providing electric fences may be initiated to help garner support for conservation. This may ensure the survival of Asiatic black bear, and also reduce the significant economic losses to inhabitants in and around WCNP.'

Title: 'Natural and traditional defense mechanisms to reduce climate risks in coastal zones of Bangladesh'
Author: 'Mohammed'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221209471500002X
Abstract: 'AbstractSubstantially resourceful and densely populated coastal zones of Bangladesh experience numerous extreme events linked to hydro-meteorological processes viz. cyclones, tidal surges, floods, salinity intrusion and erosion etc. These hazards give rise to extensive damage to property and loss of lives every year. Further, anthropogenic activities in the coastal zones are accentuating environmental degradation causing widespread suffering. Cyclones and tornadoes in particular damage infrastructures and crops every year affecting the economy of the country negatively. Some naturally adapted plants as well as landscapes usually reduce the speed of cyclones and tornadoes and thus, protect the coastal zones. However, human activities have destroyed many of the forests and landscapes. Sundarbans and Chokoria Sundarbans mangrove forests of Bangladesh are under a great threat of extinction due to illicit logging and agricultural expansion. At least 34 plant species of tropical forest are on the verge of extinction. Many animals e.g., cats, bears, porcupines, wild boars, pythons and anteaters are in the process of being wiped out from the coastal areas. Among the marine and coastal species, Red crabs, jelly-fish, sharks, and dolphins are also rare but these were the major species prior to 1980s. This study revealed that during the recent decades there has been massive plantations and construction of embankment and polderization but these and other measures have been found to be impractical and ineffective in reducing disasters in coastal areas. There is a need for integration of traditional coping practices and wisdoms with modern approaches. Available knowledge on some of these traditional practices has been documented for establishing a sustainable policy for management of coastal zones of Bangladesh. By combining traditional and scientific management of coastal ecosystem with mangroves and other plants following triple-tier mechanism and habitat, it is possible to reduce the effects of natural and climate change-induced disasters. Under such a management system, the entire coastal zone can be made more productive and sustainable.'

Title: 'The diversity and impact of hookworm infections in wildlife'
Author: 'Mauricio'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2213224417300081
Abstract: 'Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2At least 68 hookworm species have been described in 111 species of wild mammals.\xe2\x80\xa2Wildlife are permanent hosts of important hookworms of humans and domestic animals.\xe2\x80\xa2Hookworms cause anemia, retarded growth and mortality in canids, felids and otariids.\xe2\x80\xa2Hookworm biomass is a key driver of pathogenic effects in a host population.AbstractHookworms are blood-feeding nematodes that parasitize the alimentary system of mammals. Despite their high pathogenic potential, little is known about their diversity and impact in wildlife populations. We conducted a systematic review of the literature on hookworm infections of wildlife and analyzed 218 studies qualitative and quantitatively. At least 68 hookworm species have been described in 9 orders, 24 families, and 111 species of wild mammals. Black bears, red foxes, and bobcats harbored the highest diversity of hookworm species and Ancylostoma pluridentatum, A.\xc2\xa0tubaeforme, Uncinaria stenocephala and Necator americanus were the hookworm species with the highest host diversity index. Hookworm infections cause anemia, retarded growth, tissue damage, inflammation and significant mortality in several wildlife species. Anemia has been documented more commonly in canids, felids and otariids, and retarded growth only in otariids. Population- level mortality has been documented through controlled studies only in canines and eared seals although sporadic mortality has been noticed in felines, bears and elephants. The main driver of hookworm pathogenic effects was the hookworm biomass in a population, measured as prevalence, mean burden and hookworm size (length). Many studies recorded significant differences in prevalence and mean intensity among regions related to contrasts in local humidity, temperature, and host population density. These findings, plus the ability of hookworms to perpetuate in different host species, create a dynamic scenario where changes in climate and the domestic animal-human-wildlife interface will potentially affect the dynamics and consequences of hookworm infections in wildlife.Graphical abstractDownload high-res image (236KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'Transshipment Hub Port Competitiveness of the Port of Colombo against the Major Southeast Asian Hub Ports*'
Author: 'Chathumi Ayanthi'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2092521218300221
Abstract: "AbstractThe hub port competition has intensified beyond regional boundaries, resulting in the port of Colombo competing with the Southeast Asian hub ports of Singapore, Klang, and Tanjung Pelepas in the transshipment market. This study analyzes the competitiveness of Colombo as a transshipment hub in \xe2\x80\x9chub and spoke\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9crelay\xe2\x80\x9d networks. Shipping lines evaluate the selection criteria for transshipment hub ports and the performance of competitive hub ports. The generalized cost approach together with a discrete choice model is used to assess port choice behavior by estimating the transshipment market share of hub ports and analyzing several scenarios. The results reveal Colombo's lack of competitiveness in relay networks and most of the feeder ports in hub and spoke networks, mainly due to its high deviation from trunk sea routes and lower performance in some non-quantitative criteria. Singapore has dominant market share in relay networks and for most feeder ports in hub and spoke networks, mainly due to its high performance in non-quantitative criteria, except Pipavav and Nhava Sheva, dominated by Colombo."

Title: 'DispatchDecision making: The two stages of neuronal judgement'
Author: 'B.A.J'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982201003633
Abstract: "AbstractA recent study of how a monkey's frontal cortex responds when decisions are made more difficult has characterised the two distinct stages which turn sensory evidence into a command for action."

Title: 'Original articleTaxonomic review of ant genus Nylanderia Emery, 1906 (Hymenoptera: Formicidae) in India'
Author: 'Aijaz Ahmad'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2287884X15000308
Abstract: 'AbstractIn this paper, Indian Nylanderia fauna is revised for the first time. Seven species are recognized, of which Nylanderia himalayana sp. nov. is described as new. Hitherto undescribed female and male castes of N.\xc2\xa0birmana are described for the first time. Photomontage images and comparative diagnosis by workers are provided. Information on the distribution of Indian Nylanderia is given. A revised key to the workers of Nylanderia for the Indian region is provided.'

Title: 'An Empirical Study on the Current Feeder Shipping Network Patterns among Malaysian Feeder Service Providers\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Muhamad Nasir'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2092521217300573
Abstract: 'ABSTRACTRoute network patterns have been investigated globally by many researchers, with the majority of studies only focussing on the liner shipping industry for long-distance services, and with less attention paid to the feeder services industry. The feeder services industry is important to enhance the economic sustainability and viability of feeder service providers and trade partners. The primary objectives of this paper were to study the focal economy points of feeder services in Malaysia and to demonstrate the type of network patterns practised by Malaysian feeder service providers. Accordingly, an empirical study was conducted through the cooperation of eight Malaysian feeder service providers via face-to-face interviews and port visits to understand the patterns of each shipping route deployed. Moreover, to demonstrate the network patterns of each feeder service provider, a route network model was designed. The main finding from this study found that Port Klang was the primary feeder hub port and focal economy point in Malaysia due to the highest number of feeder vessels entering the port. Furthermore, the type of route patterns applied by Malaysian feeder service providers were determined and categorised based on three models: 75% (basic model), 17.5% (butterfly model), and 7.5% (chain model) collected data consisting of 40 service routes. This paper will assist future and existing feeder service providers in their planning and execution of the optimal service routes regarding their efficiency in servicing existing and future customers and promoting strategic and tactical allocation of shipping services to specific ports.'

Title: 'Research paperWillingness to pay for mitigating human-elephant conflict by residents of Nepal'
Author: 'Dinesh'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1617138117300638
Abstract: 'AbstractHuman-elephant Conflict (HEC) is a significant problem in Nepal, with approximately two-thirds of households being impacted by elephants (Elephas maximus), particularly during the winter. In addition to elephant casualties, more than 10% of the households surveyed have had human casualties (injury or death) during the past 5 years. This study evaluates the economic viability of elephant conservation in Nepal within the context of current and proposed HEC mitigation scenarios. Face-to-face interviews were carried out using a structured questionnaire to elicit the residents\xe2\x80\x99 willingness to pay (WTP) for elephant conservation and HEC mitigation programs using seemingly unrelated regression (SUR). Residents\xe2\x80\x99 WTP was found to be positively related to income and education, and negatively related to damage-related programs. Local stakeholders were willing to pay about 42% more to programs that were economically transparent and improved upon existing management. Residents\xe2\x80\x99 WTP were also greater if they have had previous HEC-related injuries or deaths.'

Title: 'Original research articlePangolin trade in the Mong La wildlife market and the role of Myanmar in the smuggling of pangolins into China'
Author: 'Vincent'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989415300342
Abstract: 'AbstractWe report on the illegal trade in live pangolins, their meat, and their scales in the Special Development Zone of Mong La, Shan State, Myanmar, on the border with China, and present an analysis of the role of Myanmar in the trade of pangolins into China. Mong La caters exclusively for the Chinese market and is best described as a Chinese enclave in Myanmar. We surveyed the morning market, wildlife trophy shops and wild meat restaurants during four visits in 2006, 2009, 2013\xe2\x80\x932014, and 2015. We observed 42 bags of scales, 32 whole skins, 16 foetuses or pangolin parts in wine, and 27 whole pangolins for sale. Our observations suggest Mong La has emerged as a significant hub of the pangolin trade. The origin of the pangolins is unclear but it seems to comprise a mixture of pangolins from Myanmar and neighbouring countries, and potentially African countries. Myanmar, on the basis of its geographic position, size and weak government, has emerged as an important transit country for the smuggling of pangolins to China. Data from 29 seizures from Myanmar and 23 from neighbouring countries (Thailand, India, China) implicating Myanmar as a source of pangolins or as a transit point for pangolins sourced in other countries, in the period 2010\xe2\x80\x932014, illustrate the magnitude of this trade. Combined these seizures amount to 4339 kg of scales and 518 whole pangolins, with a retail value in Myanmar of US$3.09 million. Trade in pangolins, their parts of their derivatives is illegal in Myanmar and CITES II listing with a zero-quota preclude international trade in them. We urge the Myanmar government to liaise with regional authorities to curb the trade in pangolins and recommend that the Myanmar and Chinese CITES authorities in particular come together urgently as to resolve the illicit trade of pangolins and their parts across their borders.'

Title: 'The Semang Kensiu Orang Asli of Lubuk Legong, Baling: Their Language and Cultural Endangerment\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Alias Abd'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877042815055172
Abstract: "AbstractThis paper reports on a study on endangered indigenous Semang group of Orang Asli of Peninsular Malaysia, with the main focus on the Semang Kensiu sub-group of Orang Asli of Lubok Legong, Baling. It presents findings of the study on language choice based on 225 word lists conducted on the Semang Kensiu Orang Asli community in the northern state of Kedah, Malaysia. The Semang are the smallest group of Orang Asli sub groups in Peninsular Malaysia, and are classified under the Northern Aslian group (Benjamin, 2012). Their language belongs to Mon-Khmer language. They comprise only 3.2% of the Orang Asli population (JHEOA (1994)). JHEOA, 2008 statistics show that the total population has decreased to 2.6%. Some Orang Asli groups have suffered physical, cultural and language extinction over the last century. Wazir Jahan Karim (2001) notes that some groups of Orang Asli have experienced a demographic crisis, disappearing while others disperse into smaller groups and eventually assimilate with Malay or other Orang Asli communities. She expresses concern about the future of Semang languages due to this discouraging pattern of population growth. Burenhault (2001) also reported the threatened status of the Semang language. This is further supported by the findings of the study conducted by Fazrul Azmin Zakaria (2010) which state that the Semang Kensiu's language is at 2.25 on the scale of the UNESCO's Level of Endangerment suggesting that the Semang Kensiu's language is considered to be \xe2\x80\x98severely endangered\xe2\x80\x99 language under the UNESCO classification (2007)."

Title: 'Original Article/ResearchEcological integrity and environmental protection for Vijayawada region \xe2\x80\x93 Scattered Eastern Ghats'
Author: 'Srikonda'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2212609015000102
Abstract: 'AbstractThe ecological integrity is widely discussed as a new concept by several ecologists and environmentalists. A consensus in this regard is yet to be derived for its definition. Human intervention for its developmental activities results in several environmental changes that enhance some species, ecosystem and ecological processes while at the same time brings irrecoverable damage to the Planet Earth. It is essential and crucial to focus research and scientific analysis and establish awareness and education to provide a means of distinguishing responses between improvements in quality of ecosystem and those of damages. The focus of this paper is to emphasize the organized urban planning at a macro level and the architectural design interventions at the micro level in Vijayawada where eco \xe2\x80\x93 sensitivity exists with due consideration to ecological integrity and environmental protection. The ecological dynamics of continuity indicated that hillocks of Vijayawada region are a part of Eastern Ghats. The study is to elaborate that the landscape, eco-patches and its connectivity establishes a unique corridor to strengthen ecological system and as a green corridor to Vijayawada city to fulfill the demands of the city and also to create the ecological patch connectivity to scattered Eastern Ghats especially in the Krishna-Guntur region which connects the Nallamala hills through Kondapalli hill toward Sothern side and to the Papikondalu at the northern side of Eastern Ghats. These corridors may even support environmental conservation and provides rural edge in urban context and functions as lung spaces to ease the heat island effect of urban settlement. So the explicit development controls have been derived to guide and organize at micro level so as to achieve the macro level considerations of ecological integrity.'

Title: 'Original research articleHigh carbon stocks in roadside plantations under participatory management in Bangladesh'
Author: 'Md. Mizanur'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2351989415000128
Abstract: 'AbstractPlantations are important REDD+strategies for increasing carbon sequestration while enhancing local livelihoods. Reforestation along roads and highways under participatory forest management in southwestern Bangladesh could contribute to REDD+. This study assessed the diversity and structure of roadside plantations in order to develop a basal area based generalized allometric model for estimating above- and below-ground tree biomass carbon in Southwestern Bangladesh. All woody plants with d.b.h. \xe2\xa9\xbe2cm were identified and their diameters measured in 108 systematically selected zigzag plots of equal size (2\xc3\x9710m). A total of 36 species in 17 families were recorded. Leguminosae accounted for 28% of species and 94% of the total estimated biomass carbon. We estimated a mean stem density of 4528ha\xe2\x88\x921, basal area of 52.6m2ha\xe2\x88\x921 and biomass carbon of 192.80\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921. Samanea saman, Dalbergia sissoo, Acacia nilotica, and Leucaena leucocephala accounted for most density, basal area, and carbon. We developed and validated three allometric models with equal strength (R2 0.94\xe2\x80\x930.98) using generalized linear regression. Roadside plantations in Bangladesh can now surely participate in the UNFCCC\xe2\x80\x99s carbon mitigation and adaptation mechanism, but challenges to their long-term sustainability must be addressed.'

Title: 'Influence of seasonal variation in water quality on the microalgal diversity of sewage wastewater'
Author: 'Nirmal'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0254629913004535
Abstract: "Highlights\xe2\x80\xa2Microalgal diversity was analyzed in a canal near fields (India).\xe2\x80\xa2Sampling at monthly intervals revealed the dominance of members of Cyanophyta.\xe2\x80\xa2Diversity indices revealed low microalgal diversity in sewage wastewater.\xe2\x80\xa2High species richness was positively correlated with the nitrate level.\xe2\x80\xa2Phormidium sp. was the dominant genus present throughout the year.AbstractAn investigation was undertaken to assess the variation in microalgal diversity vis a vis physicochemical characteristics of sewage wastewater at monthly time intervals. Diversity analyses revealed the presence of algal members belonging to all major divisions, with a predominance of Cyanophyta. Shannon-Wiener and Simpson's diversity indices illustrated low microalgal diversity in sewage wastewater. Highest chemical oxygen demand (COD) of 14,000\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0L\xe2\x88\x92\xc2\xa01 was recorded in December 2012. Spectrometric analyses of sewage wastewater revealed the presence of heavy metals, with Cr ranging from 3 to 4\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0L\xe2\x88\x92\xc2\xa01 being detected in all the samples collected over the year. A positive correlation was found between COD and total heavy metal concentration (r\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.77). The indices of microalgal diversity showed a positive correlation with nutrients and a negative correlation with COD and heavy metal concentrations, implying the significant role of these factors in influencing the algal population. Phormidium sp. was the dominant genus present throughout the year."

Title: 'Tackling Food Price Volatility: The Challenge of the Days to Come\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Siddique'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214011514000149
Abstract: 'AbstractAfter the price spike of 1974 the real price of food commodities continued to decline approximately at an average rate of 1 percent till 1999. But from the very beginning of twenty first century the world food price began to rise upward with high degrees of volatility both in nominal and real term. World Bank Global Food Price Index increased at an average annual rate of 6.5 percent between 2000 and 2012. Of this period since 2006 volatility has increased dramatically. Although projection based on historical data do not indicate actual shortage of major grains, but extreme global weather events due to climate change, will pose high harvest variation, which leaves fundamental food security risks for consumers and governments. This paper tries to focus on the cause and effects of the food price volatility in the way of summative content analysis of the existing literature and data available from World Bank and United Nation Food and Agricultural Organization. This paper also focus on possible ways to tackle the food price volatility in poor and developing countries as the people of these countries are the most vulnerable to unpredictable price spike.'

Title: 'ORIGINAL ARTICLEScreening and characterization of antimicrobial secondary metabolites from Halomonas salifodinae MPM-TC and its in vivo antiviral influence on Indian white shrimp Fenneropenaeus indicus against WSSV challenge'
Author: 'S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1018364713000268
Abstract: 'AbstractAntimicrobial secondary metabolites from extremophiles play a significant role in the pharmacological industry due to their stable and strong activity and it is used in the treatment of microbial infections. In the present work, Halomonas salifodinae MPM-TC (M. Peter Marian-T. Citarasu) was isolated from the solar salt works in India and identified by 16S rRNA sequencing. The secondary metabolites were extracted from H. salifodinae MPM-TC and tested for antibacterial activity against aquatic bacterial pathogens such as Vibrio harveyi, Vibrio parahaemolyticus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Aeromonas hydrophila isolated from infected fish/shrimp, and it effectively controlled them with more than 10\xc2\xa0mm of zone of inhibition. The metabolites were purified through silica column chromatography and in vitro antiviral activity was performed against White Spot Syndrome Virus (WSSV) using different fractions. Among the different tested fractions, fraction-III (F-III) was able to suppress WSSV replication. Shrimps challenged with a WSSV inoculum incubated with F-III and treated Fenneropenaeus indicus survived around twice as many as the controls. Gas chromatography\xe2\x80\x93mass spectroscopic (GC\xe2\x80\x93MS) analysis revealed that the antiviral active fraction contains around eight compounds including Perfluorotributylamine, Cyclopentane, 1-butyl-2-ethyl and 1,1\xe2\x80\xb2-Biphenyl]-3-amine. Further the active fraction F-III was incorporated in the artificial diets at the concentration of 200 (HS1), 400 (HS2) and 800 (HS3) \xce\xbcg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921 and fed to F. indicus for 30\xc2\xa0days. After 30\xc2\xa0days of culture, shrimps were challenged with virulent WSSV and studied for WSSV VP 28 gene expression, biochemical, haematological and immunological changes. Surprisingly, groups treated with lower concentrations of fraction F-III (HS1 or HS2) significantly (P\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa00.05) suppressed the viral replication. Different levels of protein and glucose, improved total haemocyte count (THC), coagulase activity and oxyhaemocyanin level all were comparable to controls. Also, immunological parameters such as prophenol oxidase and intracellular superoxide anion production were significantly increased (F\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa097.18; P\xc2\xa0\xe2\xa9\xbd\xc2\xa00.001 and F\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa05.70; P\xc2\xa0\xe2\xa9\xbd\xc2\xa00.05) in the groups treated with the three test concentrations. The presence of antiviral and immunostimulant active principles in the F-III fraction effectively suppressed the WSSV load and boosted F. indicus\xe2\x80\x99s immune system. This research will help to develop novel antiviral drugs from plants against aquatic important pathogens.'

Title: 'cDNA cloning, characterization and expression analysis of a novel antimicrobial peptide gene penaeidin-3 (Fi-Pen3) from the haemocytes of Indian white shrimp Fenneropenaeus indicus'
Author: 'S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0944501311000589
Abstract: 'AbstractA new member of antimicrobial peptide genes of the penaeidin family, penaeidin 3, was cloned from the haemocytes of Indian white shrimp Fenneropeneaus indicus (F. indicus), by reverse transcription PCR (RT-PCR) and rapid amplification of cDNA end (RACE-PCR) methods. The complete nucleotide sequence of cDNA clone of Indian white shrimp F. indicus Penaeidin 3 (Fi-Pen3) was 243\xc2\xa0bp long and has an open reading frame which encodes 80 amino acid peptide. The homology analysis of Fi-Pen3 sequence with other Penaeidins 3 shows higher similarity with Penaeus monodon (92%). The theoretical 3D structure generated through ab initio modelling indicated the presence of two-disulphide bridges in the alpha-helix. The signal peptide sequence of Fi-Pen3 is almost entirely homologous to that of other Penaeidin 3 of crustaceans, while differing relatively in the N-terminal domain of the mature peptide. The mature peptide has a predicted molecular weight of 84.9\xc2\xa0kDa, and a theoretical pI of 9.38. Phylogenetic analysis of Fi-Pen3 shows high resemblance with other Pen-3 from P. monodon, Litopenaeus stylirostris, Litopenaeus vannamei and Litopenaeus setiferus. Fi-Pen3 found to be expressed in haemocytes, heart, hepatopancreas, muscles, gills, intestine, and eyestalk with higher expression in haemocytes. Microbial challenge resulted in mRNA up-regulation, up to 6\xc2\xa0h post injection of Vibrio parahemolyticus. The Fi-Pen3 mRNA expression of F. indicus in the premolt stage (D01 and D02) was significantly up-regulated than the postmolt (A and B) and intermolt stages (C). The findings of the present paper underline the involvement of Fi-Pen3 in innate immune system of F. indicus.'

Title: 'Document headingScreening, isolation and optimization of anti\xe2\x80\x93white spot syndrome virus drug derived from terrestrial plants'
Author: 'Upasana'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2221169115302549
Abstract: 'ABSTRACTObjectiveTo screen, isolate and optimize anti-white spot syndrome virus (WSSV) drug derived from various terrestrial plants and to evaluate the efficacy of the same in host\xe2\x80\x93pathogen interaction model.MethodsThirty plants were subjected to Soxhlet extraction using water, ethanol, methanol and hexane as solvents. The 120 plant isolates thus obtained were screened for their in vivo anti\xe2\x80\x93WSSV property in Litopenaeus vannamei. The best anti\xe2\x80\x93WSSV plant isolate, TP22C was isolated and further analyzed. The drug was optimized at various concentrations. Viral and immune genes were analysed using reverse transcriptase PCR to confirm the potency of the drug.ResultsSeven plant isolates exhibited significant survivability in host. The drug TP22C thus formulated showed 86% survivability in host. The surviving shrimps were nested PCR negative at the end of the 15 d experimentation. The lowest concentration of TP22C required intramuscularly for virucidal property was 10 mg/mL. The oral dosage of 750 mg/kg body weight/day survived at the rate of 86%. Neither VP28 nor ie 1 was expressed in the test samples at 42nd hour and 84th hour post viral infection.ConclusionsThe drug TP22C derived from Momordica charantia is a potent anti-white spot syndrome virus drug.'

Title: 'Random Walks based Image Segmentation Using Color Space Graphs\xe2\x98\x86'
Author: 'Sonu Kumar'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221201731300515X
Abstract: 'AbstractImage segmentation is one of the most involved topics of research in the area of Computer Vision and has attracted a lot of attention from the researchers. The goal of image segmentation is to change the representation of the image into something that is more meaningful and easier to analyze. In this process an image is partitioned into multiple segments by assigning label to pixels of the image so that the pixels sharing the same label can be characterized as a distinct object present in that image. Several automatic and semi-automatic approaches have been designed in order to segment an image. In this paper we will focus on a semi-automatic approach called the Random Walker approach which was first introduced by Leo Grady and we will contribute several improvements which leads to better segmented images compared to the image segmentations achieved by the ideas involved in the above said paper. We will use graph theoretical approaches to partition the color space and give a new definition of the distance between two pixels that results in an improved segmentation.'

Title: 'Inclusive growth in India through Islamic banking'
Author: 'Faisal'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877042812007574
Abstract: 'AbstractIndian economy has been growing, but paradoxically the rate of poor people is also on the rise. The State must endeavour to establish an egalitarian society. However, most of the Indian citizens do not have access to credit. The present banking system is not conducive for protecting the interests of all sections of the population. The banking system of Islam, based on Islamic law (Shariah), has been institutionalised in many parts of the world in the last couple of decades. Islamic banking is interest-free banking system based on real asset and risks are shared between lender and borrower under the mechanisms of partnership, joint ownership, lease and sale. Money is considered only as a medium of exchange, unlike the conventional banking, where dealing in interest being a main product, implies that money is traded as a commodity. Islamic banking has the potential to uplift the vulnerable groups such as farmer and Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and can fosters inclusive economic growth. Besides, there is a strong argument that interest-free finance may attract investment from the Gulf region. Finally, it provides impetus to the socialist goal envisaged by the Constitution. There are several studies including Planning Commission Report of 2008, favouring Islamic banking in India. Apart from the objections on theoretical grounds and its working, it is not possible to establish such banking system under the present legal regime. However, it seems that the recent trend in India is to promote religious law for advancing the goal of secular law. In this context, the Kerala High Court has upheld the constitutional validity of Islamic finance in the case of Dr. Subramaniam Swamy vs. State of Kerala & Ors. (decided on 3rd February, 2011). An attempt has been made to demonstrate the viability of Islamic banking.'

Title: 'Roles for the Canidae in food webs reviewed: Where do they fit?'
Author: 'Peter J.S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352249616300118
Abstract: 'AbstractThe roles of the 37 species in the family Canidae (the dog family), are of great current interest. The Gray Wolf is the largest canid and their roles in food webs are much researched, as are those of Domestic Dogs, Coyotes and Red Foxes. Much less is known about the other canid species and their ecological roles.Here we describe general food web theory and the potential application of network theory to it; summarise the possible roles of predators in food webs; document the occurrence, diet and presumed functions that canids play in food webs throughout the world; give case studies of four threatened canid species of top, middle and basal trophic positions and six anthropogenically affected species; and identify knowledge limitations and propose research frameworks necessary to establish the roles of canids in food webs.Canids can be top-down drivers of systems or responsive to the availability of resources including suitable prey. They can be affected anthropogenically by habitat change, lethal control and changes to basic resource availability. They can be sustainable yield harvesters of their indigenous prey or passengers in complex ecosystems, and some are prey of larger canids and of other predators. Nevertheless, the roles of most canids are generally poorly studied and described, and some, e.g. Gray Wolves, Coyotes and Australian dingoes, are controversial. We advocate mensurative and experimental research into communities and ecosystems containing canids for a quantitative understanding of their roles in food webs and consequent development of better management strategies for ecosystems.Graphical abstractA continental schematic showing relative trophic positions (top, middle, bottom) of the 37 species of the family Canidae. Numbers are canid species in alphabetical order from the text and their IUCN status is shown by coloured shading, with white being of \xe2\x80\x9cleast concern\xe2\x80\x9d and darkest being \xe2\x80\x9ccritically endangered\xe2\x80\x9d (after Woodroffe and Sillero-Zubiri, 2012). Non-canid predators, including humans, are excluded for simplicity and some species, e.g. 5, 6, 36 and 37, occupy two or three trophic positions. The green & brown arrows at left (Interaction vector) represent the non-scalar, strength and directions of network interactions between canids at the three trophic levels, which are presently unquantified (?).Download high-res image (255KB)Download full-size image'

Title: 'RETRACTED: Marine actinobacterial metabolites: Current status and future perspectives'
Author: 'Panchanathan'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0944501313000177
Abstract: 'This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal (https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal).This article has been retracted at the request of the Editor. Authors and Editor agreed to retract this article because substantial parts of the text were copied from the following sources without proper attribution: Lam, K.S. (2006), Discovery of novel metabolites from marine actinomycetes. Current Opinion in Microbiology 9(3), pp. 245\xe2\x80\x93251; Subramani, R., Aalbersberg, W. (2012), Marine actinomycetes: An ongoing source of novel bioactive metabolites. Microbiological Research 167(10), pp. 571\xe2\x80\x93580; Dharmaraj, S. (2010), Marine Streptomyces as a novel source of bioactive substances. World Journal of Microbiology and Biotechnology 26(12), pp. 2123\xe2\x80\x932139. The authors apologize for this oversight and any inconvenience caused.'

Title: 'Pending abstracts from CSI 2013'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0019483214000984
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'ORIGINAL ARTICLENatural products in treatment of ulcerative colitis and peptic ulcer'
Author: 'Amani S.'
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1319610312000397
Abstract: 'AbstractUlcerative colitis is an inflammatory chronic disease that affects the mucosa and submucosa of the colon and rectum. Several types of drugs are available such as aminosalicylates. Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a common disorder that affects millions of individuals worldwide and it can be considered one of the most important common diseases in the world. Treatment of peptic ulcers depends on using a number of synthetic drugs that reduce the rate of stomach acid secretion (Antiacids), protect the mucous tissues that line the stomach and upper portion of the small intestine (Demulcents) or to eliminate Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori). In most cases, incidence of relapses and adverse reactions is seen in the following synthetic antiulcer therapy. Accordingly, the main concern of the current article is to introduce a safe drug (or more) of natural origin, to be used for the management of gastric ulcers without side effects.A widespread search has been launched to identify new anti-ulcer therapies from natural sources. Herbs, medicinal plants, spices, vegetables and crude drug substances are considered to be a potential source to control various diseases including gastric ulcer and ulcerative colitis. In the scientific literature, a large number of medicinal plants and their secondary metabolites with potential anti-ulcer (anti-peptic ulcer and antiulcerative colitis) activities have been reported. Treatment with natural products produces promising results and fewer side effects. Our goal is to collect the published data in the last 24 years and reviews the natural products reported in the treatment of these diseases and their mechanism of action.'

Title: 'Master author index'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0014579376810083
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'Full Issue PDF'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0735109717369097
Abstract: Abstract not available

Title: 'FEBS letters volumes 242\xe2\x80\x93258 master author index'
Author: Author not available
URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/001457938981703X
Abstract: Abstract not available

