'BackgroundAvian haemosporidia are obligate blood parasites with an ample range of hosts worldwide. To understand how host communities may influence the diversity of parasites of the neotropics, the spatial genetic variation of avian Plasmodium, Haemoproteus, and Leucocytozoon was examined between areas of host endemism and along the elevational gradient in the tropical Andes.MethodsA total of 1686 accessions of the cytochrome b gene of avian haemosporidia were selected from 43 publications, that further provides additional information on 14.2% of bird species in the Neotropics. Haplotype groups were identified using a similarity-based clustering of sequences using a cut-off level \xe2\x89\xa5\xe2\x80\x8999.3% of sequence identity. Phylogenetic-based analyses were implemented to examine the spatial genetic structure of avian haemosporidia among areas of host endemism and the elevation gradient in the tropical Andes.ResultsThe areas of avian endemism, including the tropical Andes, can explain the differential distribution of the haemosporidia cytochrome b gene variation. In the tropical Andes region, the total number of avian haemosporidia haplotypes follows a unimodal pattern that peaks at mid-elevation between 2000 and 2500\xc2\xa0m above sea level. Furthermore, the haplotype assemblages of obligate blood parasites tend to overlap towards mid-elevation, where avian host diversity tends to be maximized.ConclusionsSpatial analyses revealed that richness and turnover in haemosporidia suggest an association with montane host diversity, according to elevation in the tropical Andes. In addition, the spatial distribution of haemosporidia diversity is closely associated with patterns of host assemblages over large geographical scale in the tropical Andes and areas of avian endemism nearby.'

'The Turquoise Dacnis (Dacnis hartlaubi) and the Cerulean Warbler (Setophaga cerulea) are categorized as \xe2\x80\x9cvulnerable\xe2\x80\x9d at global scale. Habitat loss and degradation following rapid agricultural expansion and urban development are the main causes of their declines. In this note we present the first documented records of these species in urban green areas in South America. Our observations were undertaken between 2007-2014 during surveys of the avifauna of Armenia City in the central Andes of Colombia. We recorded Turquoise Dacnis on 19 occasions and Cerulean Warbler on 10. Most records were solitary males foraging in Cecropia angustifolia and Inga ornata trees, and some were associated with mixed species flocks. Both species used forest patches, parks and areas with scattered trees. Our observations suggest that cities may provide passage and/or wintering areas for these threatened species.'

'Natural regeneration of abandoned farmland provides an important opportunity to contribute to global reforestation targets, including the Bonn Challenge. Of particular importance are the montane tropics, where a long history of farming, frequently on marginal soils, has rendered many ecosystems highly degraded and hotspots of extinction risk. Ants play crucial roles in ecosystem functioning, and a key question is how time since abandonment and elevation (and inherent temperature gradients therein) affect patterns of ant recovery within secondary forest systems. Focusing on the Colombian Andes across a 1300\xc2\xa0m altitudinal gradient and secondary forest (2\xe2\x80\x9330\xc2\xa0years) recovering on abandoned cattle pastures, we find that over time ant community composition and species richness recovered towards that of primary forest. However, these relationships are strongly dependent on elevation with the more open and warmer pasturelands supporting more ants than either primary or secondary forest at a particular elevation. The loss of species richness and change in species composition with elevation is less severe in pasture than forests, suggesting that conditions within pasture and its remaining scattered trees, hedgerows and forest fragments, are more favourable for some species, which are likely in or near thermal debt. Promoting and protecting natural regenerating forests over the long term in the montane tropics will likely offer significant potential for returning ant communities towards primary forest levels.'

'Using IUCN Red List species as biodiversity surrogates, supplemented with additional analyses based on ecoregional diversity, priority areas for conservation in Mesoamerica, Choc\xc3\xb3, and the Tropical Andes were identified using the methods of systematic conservation planning. Species\xe2\x80\x99 ecological niches were modeled from occurrence records using a maximum entropy algorithm. Niche models for 78 species were refined to produce geographical distributions. Areas were prioritized for conservation attention using a complementarity-based algorithm implemented in the ResNet software package. Targets of representation for Red List species were explored from 10 to 90% of the modeled distributions at 10% increments; for the 53 ecoregions, the target was 10% for each ecoregion. Selected areas were widely dispersed across the region, reflecting the widespread distribution of Red List species in Mesoamerica, Choc\xc3\xb3, and the Tropical Andes, which underscores the region\xe2\x80\x99s importance for biodiversity. In general, existing protected areas were no more representative of biodiversity than areas outside them. Among the countries in the region, the protected areas of Belize performed best and those of Colombia and Ecuador worst. A high representation target led to the selection of a very large proportion of each country except Colombia and Ecuador (for a 90% target, 83\xe2\x80\x9395% of each country was selected). Since such large proportions of land cannot realistically be set aside as parks or reserves, biodiversity conservation in Mesoamerica, Choc\xc3\xb3, and the Tropical Andes will require integrative landscape management which combines human use of the land with securing the persistence of biota.'

'Agroforestry systems have great potential to conserve biodiversity in highly-altered tropical landscapes. Although certain types of agroforestry, such as shade-coffee and cacao, are well known to support a diverse assemblage of resident and migratory birds, the ability of silvopastures to contribute to bird conservation is poorly understood. Important physiognomic differences among agroforestry systems suggest that the most effective habitat management strategies to support migratory birds may likewise differ. We surveyed two common agroforestry systems, shade-coffee plantations and silvopastures, in the Colombian Andes from 2011 to 2013 to identify which physiognomic features were most heavily associated with use by mixed-species flocks and migratory birds. Contrary to our expectations, the same management strategies may perform well in both systems. Flock activity increased with increasing canopy cover and tree density in both shade-coffee and silvopastoral systems. In addition, abundances of several migratory bird species within flocks increased with tree basal area and structural complexity, indicating that complex agroforests with a mid-range of canopy cover will provide the most suitable habitat for migrants attending mixed-species flocks. Our study suggests that suitability of shade-coffee and silvopastoral systems can be improved for overwintering migrants by increasing canopy cover to 25\xe2\x80\x9340\xc2\xa0% and incorporating emergent shade trees to produce a basal area of >5\xc2\xa0m2/ha.'

'Mountain forests deserve special attention from ecologists and conservation biologists given the ecosystem services they provide to society, and their threat under global change. In the subalpine region of the Andes, Polylepis woodlands occur as arboreal islands in a matrix of grassland and scrub. Due to overgrazing and burning, however, these woodland patches are believed to cover only 11% of their potential area in Bolivia, core area for Polylepis. We reviewed the knowledge on the species diversity for the Bolivian Polylepis woodland remnants, assessed the conservation status of the occurring species, determined their trophic niche, and related species richness with climatic variables and elevation. Based in 31 publications, we found 780 identified species occurring in Polylepis woodlands: 425 plants, 266 birds, 46 mammals, 35 butterflies and 8 reptiles. Ten of the 13 Bolivian Polylepis species, as well as 7 other plant species, 14 bird species and 4 mammal species were categorized as threatened or near threatened according to IUCN criteria. In general, plant species richness increased with increased precipitation and length of the growth season, while it decreased with increasing elevation. There was a positive relationship between bird species richness, precipitation and length of the growth season. The highest bird endemism in Polylepis woodland remnants occurred at intermediate elevations, temperatures and precipitation. Mammal species richness decreased with increasing maximum temperature. Finally, we discuss the most important knowledge gaps regarding biodiversity in Bolivian Polylepis woodland remnants.'

Abstract not available

'A multi-proxy study on a sediment core from Pedro Palo Lake, a mid-altitude endorheic Andean Lake in northern South America, was carried out to understand the effects of human activities and climate variability on tropical mountain freshwater ecosystems. Results indicate that between\xe2\x80\x89~\xe2\x80\x897980 and 4110\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP the lake maintained well-mixed, mesotrophic conditions, within which a diverse planktonic and benthic diatom community flourished. From 4110 to about 2050\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP, benthic diatoms almost disappeared, and the planktonic community changed to include small Discostella spp. and large Fragilaria species, suggesting higher nutrient concentrations and possibly, more turbid waters. At this time, peaks in charcoal concentration and in the sedimentary C/N ratio imply that forest fires in the watershed intensified and that more organic matter, derived from terrestrial vegetation, accumulated in the lake. This period coincides with an increase in population, and in the social, technological and agricultural complexity of indigenous peoples. We propose that anthropogenic activities, burning and deforestation, increased the nutrient load to the lake causing the observed changes in the diatom communities. After 2050\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP, periphytic diatoms returned, the intensity and frequency of fires diminished, and a secondary forest grew. We infer an associated decrease in nutrients, resulting from reforestation and/or lower water levels caused by drier climates. Estimations based on the age model of the core suggest that it took approximately 30\xc2\xa0years for the lake to change from its most degraded state in the middle Holocene to its state in the late Holocene. However, the much-reduced diversity of the diatom community after\xe2\x80\x89~\xe2\x80\x892050\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP indicates that the lake did not rebound to its previous middle Holocene conditions. The record from Pedro Palo is therefore a good example of the detrimental and long-lasting effects of anthropic deforestation.'

'Understanding and managing the responses of natural systems to climate change requires knowing whether recent changes in ecosystem structure and function are within the bounds of natural variation or whether the systems are entering new states that are unprecedented. Several recent studies of the fossil diatom record of the last\xe2\x80\x89~\xe2\x80\x89150\xc2\xa0years in Andean lakes have shown changes in diatom species composition that suggest changes in lake thermal structure in response to regional climate warming. Yet these paleolimnological records are only a few hundred years in length, so it is unclear whether the systems have entered new states, with potentially severe consequences for ecosystem structure and function, or whether current trends are within the natural variability of the systems. Here, we use a recently compiled diatom database from tropical South America to explore the regional distribution and ecological controls of selected planktic diatom taxa that are associated with warming and changes in the lake thermal structure. We also review published Andean stratigraphic records that span thousands of years to characterize the long-term dynamics of relevant planktic species in response to past climate change. The contemporary data show that many planktic taxa have broad latitudinal and elevational distributions. The distributions of several taxa are correlated with surface water temperature, but most also are correlated with pH and/or conductivity. A review of existing stratigraphic data from Andean lakes demonstrates that rapid changes in diatom abundance, including abrupt increases followed by decades to centuries of near extirpation, are a common mode of population variation for some planktic taxa. Yet the majority of these published paleolimnological investigations are of lakes that are larger and differ in nutrient status and conductivity from the small dilute systems where recent species shifts have been observed. We propose that assessing the resilience of contemporary diatom communities and, by inference, lake ecosystems is best done by generating new records from Andean lakes of varied size and chemistry that span a millennium or more and hence a broader spectrum of climate conditions, coupled with new ecological and biogeographic studies that build upon ongoing research programs in the tropical Andes.'

'Climate changes occurring during the past several decades in the high elevations of the tropical Andes Mountains have implications for the native plant and animal species, for the ecological integrity of the affected land cover, and for the human-biophysical systems involved. Consequences are also probable for rural inhabitants and their livelihoods, especially for farmers and pastoralists. Biophysical factors have always changed in these mountainous zones; the extent and degree of alteration acting on native and agricultural biodiversity is the concern. Addressing these climate changes is probably within the adaptive capacity of many local land-use systems, unless external socioeconomic or political forces are unsupportive or antagonistic. Suitable programs to provide information, subsidies, or alternatives could be designed. We highlight some of the inherent resiliencies of natural and cultural systems in the Andes and suggest that these systems contain lessons that could be useful elsewhere, in terms of the traits that allow for the sustainable utilization of dynamic and heterogeneous landscapes.'

'The Thrush-like Wren (Campylorhynchus turdinus) is a polytypic, non-migratory, cooperatively breeding species of bird widely distributed in central South America. In recent decades it has expanded its range by approximately 24%, based on a published map of its distribution in the mid-1980s and recent reports submitted to eBird up through March 2017. The northwestern subspecies, C. t. hypostictus, dramatically expanded its elevation range upward from approximately 1200 m to 4200 m a.s.l. in the Peruvian Andes. During 1977\xe2\x80\x932015 the southwestern subspecies, C. t. unicolor, dramatically expanded the southern border of its range from central Brazil and northern Paraguay (approximately 22\xc2\xb006\xe2\x80\x99S) southward into northeastern Argentina and throughout Paraguay to 29\xc2\xb040\xe2\x80\x99S in southeastern Brazil, extending its range east-southeast approximately 934 km at a rate of 24.6 km/yr, and latitudinally southward 838 km at a rate of 22.1 km/yr. It also expanded its range westward into the relatively dry Chaco of western Paraguay and north-central Argentina. Midwinter records near the southern border of its range in northeastern Argentina suggest it is non-migratory. Because of its affinity for disturbed habitats, its range expansion has been attributed to deforestation, but its range expansion is also consistent with the prediction that organisms are extending their geographic distribution toward higher latitudes and elevations as a consequence of climate change.'

"By comparing geographical patterns of old and new species with historical and ecological processes, interpretations can be made about time patterns of diversification. Such interpretations can form a basis for developing rationales for ranking biodiversity conservation priorities. The results of the comprehensive study of avian DNA were used to compare geographical distributions in Africa and South America of species of strong Plio-Pleistocene radiations and species representing older monophyletic branches. Striking patterns, some of them overlooked so far, were found. Most old species are widespread across a physiognomic and climatic domain, such as lowland rainforests, and therefore, are not specific conservation targets. In contrast, new species have evolved in well defined places with a special local environment, in particular in ecologically equable places inside geologically complex ecotonal regions. High species richness and taxonomic diversity, where maintained over wide areas by steady habitat alteration through patch dynamics, may be easiest to protect by general reforms that integrate regional development and protection of ecosystem services, rather than by strictly site-oriented projects. Areas of active speciation, although small, may have important regulatory functions and a critical role for maintaining evolutionary fronts'. The Tropical Andes Region includes a dozen such places. There is a congruence between the occurrence of old species which have relictual distributions and aggregates of limited-range component species of recent vicariance patterns, indicating that vicariance events take place mainly by isolation in extremely ecologically stable areas. Although these places do not necessarily have the highest taxic diversity, they should be top priorities for rapid and concentrated conservation action."

'Patterns of point, \xce\xb1-, and \xce\xb2-diversity, and of an index of range size were studied for Acanthaceae, Araceae, Bromeliaceae, Melastomataceae, Palmae, and Pteridophyta in 204 vegetation plots of 400 m2 along an elevational gradient in humid montane forest at 220\xe2\x80\x933950 m in central Bolivia. Zonal forest point-diversity (mean species number per plot) and \xce\xb1-diversity (extrapolated total species number) showed either hump-shaped curves or constant values from lowlands to mid-elevations, followed by a steep decline. These patterns correspond to the hypothesis of maximum diversity at intermediate levels of productivity, while for pteridophytes and epiphytic Bromeliaceae they also fitt a null-model of random distribution within bounded geographical ranges. The ratio of point to \xce\xb1-diversity was surprisingly constant across study groups and elevation with values of 0.2\xe2\x80\x930.4. Range size index (mean inverse range size of all species recorded at a given elevation) either increased with elevation, showed hump-shaped patterns, or remained roughly constant. Non-zonal habitats (ravines, ridge-tops, rock faces, roadsides, pastures) contributed significantly to overall species number for terrestrial herbs and shrubs of Bromeliaceae, Melastomataceae, and Pteridophyta, but not for Acanthaceae, Araceae, and epiphytic taxa. With few exceptions, endemism was most pronounced in zonal forests. These results imply that conservation measures should focus on zonal forests in a few large reserves at low and mid-elevations and in many smaller reserves at higher elevations.'

"In Bolivia dry forests are distributed extensively in the southeastern lowlands and extend into the country's northern and southern Andes in rain-shadowed intermontane valleys, where they often form habitat islands. We examined the biogeography and composition of bird communities at 14 Andean and seven lowland dry forest localities in Bolivia. To minimise biases, analyses considered only core speciessensu Remsen (1994) of zonal vegetation types. Of a total of 608 recorded species, 454 were zonal forest core species and 99 (22 %) typical dry forest species. Core species richness varied from 65 to 156 at individual sites. One species occurred at all sites and 154 (34 %) at a single locality each; this tendency was most evident in the northern Bolivian Andes where 46 % of core species were recorded only once. Comparisons of species composition showed that sites in the northern valleys were the most heterogeneous and distinct. Localities in the southern valleys were the most homogeneous with affinities to lowland dry forests; the latter separated into Velasco forest and Chaco woodland sites, respectively. A continuous ordination of sites revealed a steep gradient from large habitat areas in the dry southeastern lowlands to small, relatively humid Andean habitat islands in the northwest. Typical dry forest species were most prevalent in large habitat areas in the dry south, whereas typical humid forest species predominated in the relatively humid northern Andean habitat islands. Frugi-granivores and nectarivores such as pigeons and doves, hummingbirds, and emberizid finches were most prevalent at Andean sites, whereas insectivores made relatively greater contributions to lowland bird communities. The biogeographical affinities of Bolivian dry forest birds are varied. Overall, lowland birds gradually decreased and Andean species gradually increased with elevation, which was most pronounced in the southern Bolivian Andes; we found no elevational threshold of increased avifaunal turnover. An examination of range limits of typical dry forest species revealed a pronounced northwestward reduction of the dry forest avifauna from Chaco lowlands to small, isolated valleys in the northern Bolivian Andes. With seven species restricted to the Andean dry forests of Bolivia, this area has a considerably higher level of endemism than the Chaco. Andean dry forests were colonised by lowland species in two different ways. In the southern valleys and upper northern valleys, dry forest species ascended directly from the adjacent Chaco. The lower northern valleys were probably colonised by dry forest species during drier and cooler periods of the Pleistocene that resulted in expansions of seasonally dry tropical forest in Amazonia."

'Polylepis forests are threatened high Andean ecosystems that harbour unique species of flora and fauna. However, there is little information on the avifauna associated with these forests in the Central Andes of Peru. We evaluated 12 bird communities in the Jun\xc3\xadn, Lima and Huancavelica departments of Peru and recorded richness-abundance data that were used to perform an analysis of \xce\xb1- and \xce\xb3-diversity using Hill numbers. In addition, we built two species matrices (presence-absence data) for three previously identified  key bird conservation areas and our study area, first with the species that regularly inhabit the Polylepis forests and second with the species of conservation interest. We found that the Polylepis forests of the Central Andes of Peru have a high diversity of birds. Some of these birds have a strong affinity for Polylepis forests, and another group is typical of the tree line of the Yungas. Moreover, we identified a unique set of 27 species of conservation interest in this region. Since the Central Andes of Peru also harbour three endemic species of Polylepis, it should be considered an important area for the conservation of high Andean biodiversity.'

Abstract not available

'We assessed area and habitat heterogeneity effects on avian richness and composition in bofedales that differed in size and microhabitat diversity. We analyzed data collected in 2 seasons and 24 bofedales using General Linear Models, Ordinary Least Square models to establish the relationship of predictor variables on richness and Akaike Information Criterion for model selection. We evaluate composition classifying species into groups using Bray Curtis ordination, followed by Multiple Response Permutation Procedure to test for differences among groups, and Indicator Species Analysis to identify species. Bofedales differed in richness (F = 5.1, p < 0.001) and microhabitat diversity (F = 23.4, p < 0.001), but no seasonal differences emerged (p > 0.05). The best model indicates that 54% of variance in richness was explained by area and microhabitat diversity, however, a tendency to decrease in microhabitat diversity as area increases, suggests a relatively more important role of area. Results are supported by composition, as microhabitats not only differed pairwise (T = \xe2\x88\x9294.14, A = 0.601, p < 0.001) and had significant indicator species (p < 0.05), but because its differential contribution to richness, as some microhabitats were more speciose than others. As such, few species-rich microhabitats may contribute more to richness than many species-poor ones which is not predicted by the habitat heterogeneity hypothesis. Disentangling the influence of area and habitat heterogeneity on species richness is important to establish conservation priorities that ensure bofedales integrity under imminent climate change.'

'BackgroundThe tropical Andes and Amazon are among the richest regions of endemism for mammals, and each has given rise to extensive in situ radiations. Various animal lineages have radiated ex situ after colonizing one of these regions from the other: Amazonian clades of dendrobatid frogs and passerine birds may have Andean ancestry, and transitions from the Amazon to Andes may be even more common. To examine biogeographic transitions between these regions, we investigated the evolutionary history of three clades of rodents in the family Echimyidae: bamboo rats (Dactylomys-Olallamys-Kannabateomys), spiny tree-rats (Mesomys-Lonchothrix), and brush-tailed rats (Isothrix). Each clade is distributed in both the Andes and Amazonia, and is more diverse in the lowlands. We used two mitochondrial (cyt- b and 12S) and three nuclear (GHR, vWF, and RAG1) markers to reconstruct their phylogenetic relationships. Tree topologies and ancestral geographic ranges were then used to determine whether Andean forms were basal to or derived from lowland radiations.ResultsFour biogeographic transitions are identified among the generic radiations. The bamboo rat clade unambiguously originated in the Amazon ca. 9\xc2\xa0Ma, followed by either one early transition to the Andes (Olallamys) and a later move to the Amazon (Dactylomys), or two later shifts to the Andes (one in each genus). The Andean species of both Dactylomys and Isothrix are sister to their lowland species, raising the possibility that highland forms colonized the Amazon Basin. However, uncertainty in their reconstructed ancestral ranges obscures the origin of these transitions. The lone Andean species of Mesomys is confidently nested within the lowland radiation, thereby indicating an Amazon-to-Andes transition ca. 2\xc2\xa0Ma.ConclusionsDifferences in the timing of these biogeographic transitions do not appear to explain the different polarities of these trees. Instead, even within the radiation of a single family, both Andean and Amazonian centers of endemism appear enriched by lineages that originated in the other region. Our survey of other South American lineages suggests a pattern of reciprocal exchange between these regions\xe2\x80\x94among mammals, birds, amphibians, and insects we found no fewer than 87 transitions between the Andes and Amazon from Miocene-Pleistocene. Because no clear trend emerges between the timing and polarity of transitions, or in their relative frequency, we suggest that reciprocal exchange between tropical highland and lowland faunas in South America has been a continual process since ca. 12\xc2\xa0Ma.'

'Despite the popularity of tourism and recreation in the Andes in South America and the regions conservation value, there is limited research on the ecological impacts of these types of anthropogenic use. Using a systematic quantitative literature review method, we found 47 recreation ecology studies from the Andes, 25 of which used an experimental design. Most of these were from the Southern Andes in Argentina (13 studies) or Chile (eight studies) with only four studies from the Northern Andes. These studies documented a range of impacts on vegetation, birds and mammals; including changes in plant species richness, composition and vegetation cover and the tolerance of wildlife of visitor use. There was little research on the impacts of visitors on soils and aquatic systems and for some ecoregions in the Andes. We identify research priorities across the region that will enhance management strategies to minimise visitor impacts in Andean ecosystems.'

'BackgroundGlucocorticoids are adrenal steroid hormones essential to homeostatic maintenance. Their daily variation at low concentrations regulates physiology and behavior to sustain proper immunological and metabolic function. Glucocorticoids rise well above these baseline levels during stress to elicit emergency-state responses that increase short-term survival. Despite this essence in managing life processes under both regular and adverse conditions, relationships of glucocorticoid release to environmental and intrinsic factors that vary at daily and seasonal scales are rarely studied in the wild.MethodsThis study on 41 passerine species of the Ecuadorian Choc\xc3\xb3 applied a standardized capture-and-restraint protocol to examine diurnal variation in baseline and stress-related release of corticosterone, the primary avian glucocorticoid. Tests for relationships to relative body mass, hemoglobin concentration, molt status and date complemented this evaluation of the time of day effect on corticosterone secretion in free-living tropical rainforest birds. Analyses were also partitioned by sex as well as performed separately on two common species, the wedge-billed woodcreeper and olive-striped flycatcher.ResultsInterspecific analyses indicated maximum baseline corticosterone levels at the onset of the active phase and reductions thereafter. Stress-related levels did not correspond to time of day but accompanied baseline reductions during molt and elevations in birds sampled later during the September - November study period. Baseline corticosterone related negatively to hemoglobin in the wedge-billed woodcreeper and stress-related levels increased with body mass in the olive-striped flycatcher. There were no substantial sex-related differences.ConclusionsThe results of this study suggest a diurnal rhythmicity in baseline corticosterone release so robust as to emerge in pooled analyses across a highly variable dataset. While this detection in nature is singular, correspondent patterns have been demonstrated outside of the tropics in captive model species. Congruity in daily rhythms and links to physiological and life-history state across disparate taxa and environments may promote the yet unresolved utility of corticosterone release as a global metric for population health. However, certain results of this study also deviate from laboratory and field research at higher latitudes, cautioning generalization. Environmental distinctions such as high productivity and tempered seasonality may precipitate unique life-history strategies and underlying hormonal mechanisms in tropical rainforest birds.'

'With 11 currently recognised species, the genusEriocnemis (Reichenbach, 1849) is one of the most diversified Andean trochilid groups occupying mainly open montane habitats such as the edges of cloud forest or p\xc3\xa1ramos. On the basis of distributional and morphological patterns, this study highlights the geographical variation and biogeography of the taxon. Characteristics common to all these species are the greenish dorsal plumage, the conspicuous and mostly whitish tibial tufts, and a fairly pronounced tail bifurcation. With the help of plumage synapomorphies for a cladistic analysis (PAUP*), several species groups or superspecies can be distinguished: theE. vestitus group (incl.E. vestitus, E. godini, E. nigrivestis), theE. luciani group (incl.E. luciani, E. cupreoventris, E. sapphiropygia), and theE. alinae group (incl.E. alinae, E. mirabilis).E. glaucopoides, E. mosquera, andE. derbyi differ quite widely in morphology and ecological requirements from the other species. Three new subspecies are described,E. vestitus arcosi from southern Ecuador and northern Peru, andE. luciani baptistae from central and southern Ecuador. A previously overlooked specimen ofE. luciani from the Andes of M\xc3\xa9rida represents the first species record for Venezuela, about 1100 km northeast of the main population range, and should be recognised taxonomically asE. luciani meridae, subsp. nov., on the basis of its unique plumage morphology and geographical separation. Additionally, the unique type ofE. ventralis (Salvin, 1891) is probably of hybrid origin (E. vestitus \xc3\x97 cupreoventris). The genus may have evolved in the northern Andes, subsequently spreading southward and invading the central Andes. Its recent range and phylogenetic patterns indicate vicariance events as the major speciation factor inEriocnemis.'

'I analyzed the distribution of Acanthaceae, Araceae, Bromeliaceae, Cactaceae, Melastomataceae, and Pteridophyta in 62 vegetation plots of 400\xc2\xa0m2 along an elevational transect between 500\xc2\xa0m and 2450\xc2\xa0m, and at a nearby lowland site in western Santa Cruz department, Bolivia. These groups were selected because they are physiognomically distinctive, have high species numbers, are comparatively easy to identify, adequately reflect overall floristic relationships, include a wide range of life forms, and are small. The transect was located in the Tucumano-Boliviano biogeographic zone and included drought-deciduous (<850\xe2\x80\x931000\xc2\xa0m), mixed evergreen (850\xe2\x80\x931000 m to 1800\xc2\xa0m), and evergreen Podocarpus-dominated (>1800\xc2\xa0m) forests. Elevational patterns of species richness were group-specific and probably related to the ecophysiological properties of each group. Species richness in Pteridophyta and Melastomataceae was correlated with moss cover (i.e., humidity), with elevation (i.e., temperatures) in Acanthaceae and epiphytic Bromeliaceae, with potential evapotranspiration (i.e., ecosystem productivity) in Araceae, and with light availability at ground level in terrestrial Bromeliaceae and Cactaceae. Community endemism generally increased with elevation, but showed a maximum at 1700\xc2\xa0m for terrestrial Pteridophyta, and a nonsignificant decline for epiphytic Bromeliaceae and Cactaceae. Endemism was higher for terrestrial than for epiphytic taxa, and was lower among Pteridophyta compared to all other groups, reflecting different dispersal ability among taxonomic and ecological groups. Elevational zonation, tested against a null-model of random distribution of elevational limits, revealed a significant accumulation of upper and lower elevational range boundaries at 900\xe2\x80\x931050\xc2\xa0m and at 1500\xe2\x80\x931850\xc2\xa0m, corresponding to the elevational limits of the main physiognomic vegetation types.'

'Climate change is expected to cause shifts in species distributions worldwide, threatening their viability due to range reductions and altering their representation in protected areas. Biodiversity hotspots might be particularly vulnerable to climate change because they hold large numbers of species with small ranges which could contract even further as species track their optimal habitat. In this study, we assessed the extent to which climate change could cause distribution shifts in threatened and range-restricted birds in Colombia, a megadiverse region that includes the Tropical Andes and Tumbes-Choco-Magdalena hotspots. To evaluate how climate change might influence species in this region, we developed species distribution models using MAXENT. Species are projected to lose on average between 33 and 43\xc2\xa0% of their total range under future climate, and up to 18 species may lose their climatically suitable range completely. Species whose suitable climate is projected to disappear occur in mountainous regions, particularly isolated ranges such as the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta. Depending on the representation target considered, between 46 and 96\xc2\xa0% of the species evaluated may be adequately represented in protected areas. In the future, the fraction of species potentially adequately represented is projected to decline to 30\xe2\x80\x9395\xc2\xa0%. Additional protected areas may help to retain representativeness of protected areas, but monitoring of species projected to have the largest potential declines in range size will be necessary to assess the need of implementing active management strategies to counteract the effects of climate change.'

'In the Neotropics, the Ericaceae are an Andean-centered family, adapted to moist, open, cool montane environments. Overall species richness increases nearer the Equator, with the highest species numbers concentrated in Colombia and Ecuador between 1000 m and 3000 m. There are 46 genera (70% endemic) and about 800 species (ca. 94% endemic) of Ericaceae native to the Neotropics. Five biogeographical regions are recognized for the neotropical Ericaceae, with the greatest species diversity found in the Andes of northwestern South America. Following Pliocene/Pleistocene mountain-building and climatic events, neotropical Ericaceae underwent dynamic speciation and extensive adaptive radiation due to their ecological and life-form plasticity, colonization abilities, adaptation to epiphytic habits, and coevolution with hummingbirds. Given high diversity and singularity within neotropical Ericaceae, along with high levels of habitat alteration, protection of Andean montane ecosystems should become a priority for the conservation of Ericaceae in the Neotropics.'

'We studied the historical prevalence of the invasive and pathogenic chytrid fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd) among amphibians from the Bolivian Andes. Our aim was also to determine its geographic pattern of dispersion, and a potential host taxonomic signature. We collected frog tissue samples from nine museum collections covering a period from 1863 to 2005 and from the field during 2009\xe2\x80\x932016. Bd was diagnosed via quantitative PCR in 599 individuals of 17 genera and 54 species. We found an overall Bd prevalence of 41% among 44 species tested. The first incidence of Bd was from a Telmatobius culeus in 1863; this is the earliest report of detection for this pathogen in the world. Results reveal a non-random historical and geographical pattern of Bd occurrence and amphibian declines that suggests the presence of two different invasive strains, an ancient endemic and a more recent introduction. Prevalence of Bd increased significantly by the mid-1990s, particularly in the cloud-forests, and this is coincident with the timing of drastic amphibian declines. In contrast, amphibians occurring in drier altiplano habitats have persisted in spite of Bd presence. We hypothesize that the early 1990s, and the cloud-forests in central Bolivia were the center of an epidemic surge of Bd that took its toll on many species, especially in the genus Telmatobius. Further sampling of cloud-forest species, and ongoing genetic studies of Bd isolates from Bolivia should help resolve the history of this invasive pathogen and test hypotheses on the differential response of endangered hosts.'

'ContextTropical forest loss and fragmentation and the associated loss in species diversity are increasing in both magnitude and scope. Much attention has been paid to how attributes of forest fragments, such as area and forest structure, impact the diversity and functional composition of vertebrate communities, while more recent work has begun to consider the importance of landscape-level variables, such as surrounding tree cover. Yet, the relative impacts of these factors on species diversity and functional composition remain unclear, particularly among under-studied taxonomic groups.ObjectivesWe quantified how species richness, community composition, and functional traits of terrestrial birds and mammals are associated with variation in fragment area, elevation, habitat structure and surrounding tree cover. Our goal was to determine the degree to which these diverse explanatory variables contribute to species diversity.MethodsWe used motion-activated camera traps to sample terrestrial birds and mammals in 22 forest fragments in northwestern Ecuador. We used a hierarchical multi-species occupancy model accounting for imperfect species detection to estimate species richness and species composition differences among fragments, weighted multiple regression and distance matrix regression to assess covariates of richness and composition, and an RLQ ordination to assess co-variation of environmental conditions and species traits.ResultsTerrestrial mammals and birds exhibited similar relationships to key environmental variables, but also showed guild-specific differences. Elevation was significantly associated with differences in species richness and community composition for both groups. Forest cover in the surrounding matrix was associated with higher species richness and changes in community composition in mammals, but not terrestrial birds. Canopy openness showed a positive association with mammalian species richness but no relationship with bird species richness. There was no association between density of large trees and richness for either group. We found no significant associations between environmental variation and functional composition among forest fragments.ConclusionsThis work highlights the general importance of elevation and forest cover in shaping patterns of species diversity and composition in forest fragments and suggests heightened sensitivity to matrix conditions in mammals relative to terrestrial birds.'

'Several coarse-scale studies have demonstrated a positive correlation between biodiversity and human population density. In this paper this relationship is studied for part of the Andean highland, on a finer spatial scale than in earlier studies, and comparing bird distribution data with pre-Columbian as well as contemporary population centres. A particularly close correspondence was found between ancient population centres and high numbers of species with small distributions. This suggests that the growth of resident human cultures was related, in some way, to local factors which\xe2\x80\x94over a much longer time-scale\xe2\x80\x94stimulated the process of evolution of new species. This correspondence may be a consequence of climate moderation in the mountain areas leading to local persistence, of wild species as well as human communities. However, the result also suggests that we need to study to what extent high biodiversity as such, under certain conditions, yields environmental services which were important for people. It also suggests that traditional efforts to preserve biodiversity in wilderness areas with few people should be supplemented with efforts to promote a more sustainable development in the populated areas, allowing cloud forest and other biologically rich habitats to persist in suitable places near population centres.'

'Although the Archaic Period of the south-central Andes is not well-known beyond Latin America, there is much of interest in it to archaeologists working with foraging populations. Like the North American Archaic and European Mesolithic, the Archaic in the region is characterized by ethnic differentiation, changes in the scale and frequency of residential mobility, resource intensification and specialization, and population growth. The origin and evolutionary trajectory of these trends are discussed within the context of the development of ecological complementarity, a strategy of land use that exploits the vertically stratified distribution of resources in the Andean environment.'

'Tropical birds typically exhibit a \xe2\x80\x98slow pace of life\xe2\x80\x99 relative to higher latitude species. This is often manifested as slow development, low fecundity, and high survival. Following from this, it is predicted that tropical birds may be more likely to trade current reproductive effort to favor self-maintenance, thus supporting survival and future reproduction. To test this idea, we conducted two food supplementation experiments on tropical rufous-collared sparrows (Zonotrichia capensis) in the eastern Andes of Ecuador. In the first experiment, we food-supplemented pairs during the non-breeding life-history stage, and in the second experiment, we food-supplemented pairs that were provisioning fledglings. In both experiments, a larger proportion of food-supplemented birds exhibited pre-basic molt (replacement of feathers) than in a control group. To our knowledge, this is the first study to experimentally demonstrate that a food-supplemented bird invests extra resources into molt, a form of self-maintenance, and contrasts with the majority of food supplementation studies in high latitude birds that show they typically advance the initiation of, or extend the period of, reproduction. Our results are consistent with the syndrome of the slow pace of life in the tropics and support the concept of fundamental differences between temperate-zone and tropical birds.'

'Forest recovery on disturbed areas is of special significance in the Ecuadorian Andes, where deforestation is a serious problem. Natural diachronic succession was evaluated on three large plots or sites, differing in their land use and vegetation composition, one is dominated by grass species on an abandoned pasture (Pasture site), the other two are post-fire vegetation dominated by bracken (Bracken site) and various shrubs (Shrub site). Additionally, we assessed the effectiveness of manual removal of competitive herbaceous species to accelerate forest recovery. Monitoring was done in 2003, 2005 and 2007 on 48 subplots of 116\xc2\xa0m2 each recording species richness and woody-species density. Results showed that the Pasture site demonstrated a competitive effect of exotic grasses on woody species recruitment with much lower species recruitment and density, suggesting serious inhibition of natural forest regeneration and an unclear successional trajectory. The Bracken and Shrub sites became significantly similar floristically and there is evidence for a marked facilitation of woody plant recruitment correlated with light availability on the ground. Both sites showed characteristics of classic succession, with Shrub showing a higher species richness and density while late-successional species are poorly represented on the Bracken site. However, NMDS ordination using species density showed that the two trajectories may not be converging towards a common \xe2\x80\x9cfinal state\xe2\x80\x9d. Manual weeding was ineffective for accelerating forest recovery. These results suggest that the main limiting factor for the recruitment of woody species on the Pasture site is strong grass competition and must be addressed before seed availability, while seed availability seems to be the constraining factor for Bracken and Shrub site development, thus direct seeding or planting may be effective in accelerating forest recovery.'

'Freshwater ascomycetes are the predominant fungal colonizers of ligno-cellulosic substrates submerged in freshwater habitats. Although considered important decomposers and a food resource in freshwater food webs, little is known about the influence of environmental factors on their geographical distribution patterns, species richness and community structure. We undertook a study of the distribution of freshwater lignolytic ascomycetes in the Madre de Dios River basin in Peru along an elevational gradient from the headwater regions dominated by the Inambari and Araza Rivers to the lowlands of the Madre de Dios River. The gradient extended from 218 to 3870\xc2\xa0m; collections were made at low (<300\xc2\xa0m), medium (300\xe2\x80\x931000\xc2\xa0m) and high (>1000\xc2\xa0m) elevations. Three separate collecting trips were conducted during the dry seasons over 3\xc2\xa0years. Samples of submerged woody debris were returned to the University of Illinois where they were incubated in moist chambers and examined for the presence of sexual and asexual reproductive structures, which were used for identification. GPS location, altitude, water temperature and pH were measured at the time of collection. A total of 2187 vouchered fungal collections representing 268 fungal taxa were collected. One hundred and fifty-nine taxa were collected at low elevations, 201 at middle elevations and 56 at high elevations. Only 33 of 268 taxa occurred at all three elevational ranges. Canonical analyses of principal coordinates and S\xc3\xb8rensons Similarity Index of species based on presence/absence data revealed different structuring of freshwater fungal communities at low, middle, and high elevations, indicating a change in species composition along the Andes to Amazon elevation gradient. Mantel\xe2\x80\x99s tests demonstrated that beta diversity is strongly impacted by both elevation and pH as rapid taxonomic turnover was associated with both these factors. Of 140 species found in their sexual reproductive state, only ten occurred at all three elevational ranges. The most commonly occurring species was Annulatascus velatisporus, a species with a worldwide distribution. Of 128 taxa found in their asexual reproductive state, 23 occurred at all three elevational ranges. The most commonly collected species was Candelabrum broccchiatum, also a species with a worldwide distribution. Most of the taxa reported from Peru have been reported previously from Asian and/or Australian freshwater tropical habitats. One hundred and three species are new records for South America and 137 species are new records for Peru. About 80 species found in Peru have a pan-tropical distribution. Whether these distribution patterns exist due to vicariance or geodispersal remains to be determined. This study indicates that the composition of fungal communities in mountainous areas is influenced by elevation and has implications for the effects of global warming.'

'The geographical dichotomy hypothesis suggests that columnar cacti in the tropics depend primarily on bats for pollination. This dependence may to be less in the outer tropics where many columnar cactus species (or their populations) show a relatively generalized pollination system with both nocturnal (moths and bats) and diurnal pollinators (bees and hummingbirds) (geographical dichotomy hypothesis). This hypothesis has been mostly tested in the northern tropics; nonetheless, our knowledge of columnar cactus species inhabiting the southern tropics is still scarce. The aim of this project was to evaluate the pollination biology of Oreocereus celsianus, a columnar cactus with restricted distribution in the subtropical Andes, to determine if the pollination system of this cactus tends to be more generalized than specialized because of the geographical position where it occurs. Observations of frequency of visit showed that Patagona gigas (Giant Hummingbird) is the main pollinator of the flowers, visiting them when they are opening (afternoon of the first day). Bees, wasps and moths were occasional visitors of the flowers. None of them seem to act as pollinator. Autogamy, geitonogamy and xenogamy treatments produced high fruit set, showing that O. celsianus has an unusual mixed mating system. The results suggest that this Andean columnar cactus is partially specialized on hummingbirds, with most pollination service performed by a single species, and it has the capacity of selfing (\xe2\x80\x98fail-safe\xe2\x80\x99 pollination system). This mixed mating system (both outcrossing and selfing) may be a response to the unpredictable environment of the Prepuna in the subtropical Andes.'

'In recent decades, climate change in Peru\xe2\x80\x99s Cordillera Vilcanota has resulted in massive reductions to its cryosphere and the upslope migration of species and agriculture. Little, however, is known about the response of the region\xe2\x80\x99s many lakes that support local biodiversity and supply water to downstream populations. We analyzed fossil diatom assemblages in dated sediment cores from three lakes with differing morphometry and catchment characteristics to document the limnological response to climate variability over the late Holocene. The study lakes contained similar dominant diatom taxa but recorded markedly different assemblage shifts over time. The two deeper lakes, Laguna Sibinacocha (zmax\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x8992\xc2\xa0m) and Chaca Cocha (zmax\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x8918\xc2\xa0m), contained diatom assemblages that oscillated in dominance between benthic fragilarioids (Staurosirella pinnata, Pseudostaurosira brevistriata) and the planktonic Discostella stelligera. The Chaca Cocha diatom record closely matched the mean state changes in climate inferred from independent proxy records, whereas the record from the glacially influenced Laguna Sibinacocha did not match independent records. In contrast, the shallow study site, Lado del Quelccaya (zmax\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x895\xc2\xa0m), recorded a complacent diatom profile dominated by benthic fragilarioids with negligible planktonic taxa. The disparate diatom trajectories among the study lakes reflect variations in morphometry and glacial influence and the assemblage shifts appear best explained by climate-driven alterations to thermal stratification. These data offer insight into the primary mechanisms driving limnological change in this region and how different lake types throughout the Andes may respond to future warming.'

'The role of three thorny legume species as nurse plants and competitive relationships with columnar cacti were evaluated in a semiarid enclave of the Venezuelan Andes. Abundance and size of three columnar cacti species (Stenocereus griseus, Cereus repandus and Pilosocereus tillianus) under isolated shrubs of three thorny legumes species (Prosopis juliflora, Acacia farnesiana and A. macracantha) were recorded and compared with open areas. Using size\xe2\x80\x93distance data we inferred the intensity of intra- and interspecific competition between both life forms in a \xe2\x80\x9ccardonal\xe2\x80\x9d (xeric zone) and \xe2\x80\x9cespinar\xe2\x80\x9d (mesic zone) of the enclave. Sixty-one columnar cacti were found beneath the three thorny legume species (92%), while only 5 cactus individuals were found in open areas (8%). Comparison of observed and expected number of cactus individuals shows that S. griseus and C. repandus are significantly associated with isolated shrubs of A. farnesiana and A. macracantha. Although P. juliflora contributed more than 40% of the total legume plant cover, the number of columnar cacti under its isolated shrubs was significantly lower than would be expected by chance. In all, 19 of 21 possible plant\xe2\x80\x93plant combinations between and within columnar cacti and legume shrubs were recorded (espinar: 18, cardonal: 13, common combinations: 12). In both zones, intra- and interspecific combinations among columnar cacti species were relatively high (positive correlation between the sum of neighbour plant sizes and the distances separating them). Our results strongly suggest, at least for case of S. griseus and C. repandus, that these columnar cacti species require nurse plants for their establishment. The results on interference need still support from further research. We discuss the effects of plant\xe2\x80\x93plant positive interactions on natural regeneration of these columnar cacti.'

'Although seed-dispersal networks are increasingly used to infer the functioning of ecosystems, few studies have investigated the link between the properties of these networks and the ecosystem function of seed dispersal by animals. We investigate how frugivore communities and seed dispersal change with habitat disturbance and test whether relationships between morphological traits and functional roles of seed dispersers change in response to human-induced forest edges. We recorded interaction frequencies between fleshy fruited plants and frugivorous bird species in tropical montane forests in the Bolivian Andes and recorded functional bird traits (body mass, gape width and wing tip length) associated with quantitative (seed-removal rate) and qualitative (seed-deposition pattern) components of seed-dispersal effectiveness. We found that the abundance and richness of frugivorous birds were higher at forest edges. More fruits were removed and dispersed seeds were less clustered at edges than in the interior. Additionally, functional and interaction diversity were higher at edges than in the interior, but functional and interaction evenness did not differ. Interaction strength of bird species increased with body mass, gape width and wing tip length in the forest interior, but was not related to bird morphologies at forest edges. Our study suggests that increases in functional and interaction diversity and an even distribution of interaction strength across bird morphologies lead to enhanced quantity and tentatively enhanced quality of seed dispersal. It also suggests that the effects of species traits on ecosystem functions can vary along small-scale gradients of human disturbance.'

'The tropical and subtropical moist forests of South America have been seen as remarkable for their great wealth of animals and plants and as the world leader in bird diversity. However, a problem is apparently affecting bird populations in these habitats, to the extent that most of the sites that I have studied in the last few years were practically \xe2\x80\x9cornithological deserts\xe2\x80\x9d. Censuses conducted in the Amazon rainforest in Ecuador and Bolivia have revealed no more than 15 species and 18 individuals in 1\xc2\xa0day. It is evident that this is not a problem of the kind usually induced by humans at a local level, such as deforestation, hunting or pesticide use. The low diversity and activity were observed not only in disturbed habitats, but also in well-preserved national parks and reserves. If it is related to human activities, then this must be more widespread. One such possibility is global warming. For ornithological studies, this is a very severe problem that must be closely examined to see whether it is also a threat to bird survival and if it is related to climate change.'

'Biogeography and taxonomy of the High-Andean hummingbird genusMetallura were analysed on the basis of geographical variation of morphometric and plumage colour characters. The genusMetallura is considered to consist of nine species and 15 subspecies. Within the speciesMetallura tyrianthina seven subspecies are recognized (smaragdinicollis [includingperuviana],septentrionalis, quitensis, tyrianthina, districta, oreopola, chloropogon).M. tyrianthina andM. iracunda are considered to be sister species and to be closely related toM. phoebe and to the members of theM. aeneocauda superspecies. The latter consists of six species as follows:M. aeneocauda (with subspeciesaeneocauda andmalagae),M. eupogon, M. theresiae (with subspeciestheresiae andparkeri),M. odomae, M. baroni andM. williami (with subspecieswilliami, atrigularis, primolina, recisa).M. tyrianthina andM. iracunda exhibit plesiomorphic character states (dimorphism, colour of throat feathers, short bill), that link the genusMetallura to its sister genusChalcostigma. The disjunct distribution of similar phenotypes, and the progression of morphological characters suggest fairly recent allopatric speciation processes in allMetallura taxa. High-Andean habitat fragmentations due to climatic changes during Late-Pliocene and Pleistocene presumably caused geographical isolation and differentiation of mostMetallura populations. The south-north phenotype progression regarding chin and gorget coloration ofM. tyrianthina females, paralleled by a transition from weak to strong sexual dimorphism, suggest for the genusMetallura a centre of origin in the Andes of north-eastern Bolivia or south-eastern Peru.'

'More than 12\xc2\xa0% of bird species are threatened with extinction. Numerous anthropogenic activities and processes are considered responsible for such declines, including tourism related activities. These activities often occur in global biodiversity hotspots but few\xc2\xa0studies consider the potential risks associated with tourism. The relative importance of tourism as a threat to birds was quantified using a global analysis of the threats facing critically endangered and endangered birds in the hotspots. Sixty-three critically endangered and endangered bird species are reportedly threatened by tourism. Among those 63 species, marine, coastal and aquatic birds are threatened more by tourism than was expected. Hotspots with the most species threatened by tourism are Polynesia\xe2\x80\x93Micronesia and the Mediterranean Basin. This study uses individual threatening processes in a new way to characterise hotspots for conservation action, advancing previous identification criteria. Analysing hotspots in terms of the relative presence of individual threatening processes may help to more effectively direct future research in these priority regions.'

'Species diversity of vascular epiphyte plant communities was studied in La Carbonera, a montane rain forest dominated by Podocarpaceae in the Venezuelan Andes. We compared the epiphyte communities of the primary, disturbed, and secondary forest areas of La Carbonera in order to augment the scarce knowledge on the effects of anthropogenic disturbance on these important elements of tropical vegetation. Diversity of vascular epiphytes (191 species in the whole forest area) was low in the disturbed and secondary areas (81 spp.) compared to adjacent primary forest (178 spp.). Four types of disturbed forest and secondary vegetation supported different numbers of epiphyte species, showing a decline with increasing degrees of disturbance (65 spp. along a road transect, 42 spp. on relict trees in disturbed forest, 13 spp. in a tree plantation and 7 spp. in a former clearing, both secondary vegetation units). Epiphytic species composition in primary and disturbed or secondary forest areas differed markedly: disturbed habitats harboured fewer fern and orchid species but more bromeliad species than the primary forest. Probably the families occurring only in primary forest sites of our study may be useful as bioindicators to determine the degree of disturbance in other habitats of mountain rain forests as well. Epiphyte abundance was also lower in disturbed habitats: a remnant emergent tree supported only about half as many epiphyte individuals as a member of the same species of similar size in the primary forest. The decrease in species numbers and abundance as well as the differences in species composition are mainly due to the less diverse phorophyte structure and less differentiated microclimate in the disturbed and secondary vegetation compared to the primary forest.'

'Once silver was discovered in the mountain of Cerro Rico, the large urban center of Potos\xc3\xad, Bolivia flourished. Situated at almost 4000 m (13,000 ft) above sea level in the eastern cordillera of the Andes mountains, provisioning the region was very challenging. A study of zooarchaeological remains associated with elite Spanish colonial residents living on the outskirts of Potos\xc3\xad in Tarapaya indicates that wealthy inhabitants were able to procure meat sources that strongly reflect Iberian rather than Andean food habits while material culture strongly reflects local influence. Provisioning the mining community with food overcame obstacles of distance, elevation, and spoilage.'

'The main hypotheses proposed to explain barrier formation separating populations and causing the differentiation of vertebrate species in Amazonia are based on different (mostly historical) factors, as follows. (1) Changes in the distribution of land and sea or in the landscape due to tectonic movements or sea-level fluctuations (Paleogeography hypothesis). (2) The barrier effect of Amazonian rivers (River hypothesis). (3) A combination of the barrier effect of broad rivers and vegetational changes in Northern and Southern Amazonia (River-refuge hypothesis). (4) The isolation of forest blocks near areas of surface relief in the periphery of Amazonia during dry climatic periods of the Tertiary and Quaternary (Refuge theory). (5) Competitive species interactions and local species isolations in peripheral regions of Amazonia due to invasion and counterinvasion during cold/warm periods of the Pleistocene (Disturbance-vicariance hypothesis). (6) Parapatric speciation across steep environmental gradients without separation of the representative populations (Gradient hypothesis). Several of these hypotheses are probably relevant to a different degree for the speciation processes in different faunal groups or during different geological periods. The paleogeography hypothesis refers mainly to faunal differentiation during the Tertiary and in combination with the Refuge hypothesis; Milankovitch cycles leading to global climatic-vegetational changes affected the biomes of the world not only during the Pleistocene but also during the Tertiary and earlier geological periods. New geoscientific evidence for the effect of dry climatic periods in Amazonia supports the predictions of the Refuge theory.'

'A new set of tree-ring records from the Andes of northern Patagonia, Argentina (41\xc2\xb0 S) was used to evaluate recent (i.e., last 250 years) regional trends in tree growth at upper treeline. Fifteen tree-ring chronologies from 1200 to 1750 m elevation were developed for Nothofagus pumilio, the dominant subalpine species. Samples were collected along three elevational transects located along the steep west-to-east precipitation gradient from the main Cordillera (mean annual precipitation >4000 mm) to an eastern outlier of the Andes (mean annual precipitation >2000 mm). Ring-width variation in higher elevation tree-ring records from the main Cordillera is mainly related to changes in temperature and precipitation during spring and summer. However, the response to climatic variation is also influenced by local site factors of elevation and exposure. Based on the relationships between Nothofagus growth and climate, we reconstructed changes in snow cover duration in late spring and variations in mean annual temperature since A.D. 1750. Abrupt interannual changes in the mean annual temperature reconstruction are associated with strong to very strong El Ni\xc3\xb1o-Southern Oscillation events. At upper treeline, tree growth since 1977 has been anomalously high. A sharp rise in global average tropospheric temperatures has been recorded since the mid-1970s in response to an enhanced tropical hydrologic cycle due to an increase in temperature of the tropical Pacific. Temperatures in northern Patagonia have been anomalously high throughout the 1980s, which is consistent with positive temperature anomalies in the tropical Pacific and along the western coast of the Americas at c.a. 40\xc2\xb0 S latitude. Our 250-year temperature reconstruction indicates that although the persistently high temperatures of the 1980s are uncommon during this period, they are not unprecedented. Tropical climatic episodes similar to that observed during the 1980s may have occurred in the recent past under pre-industrial carbon dioxide levels.'

'The consequences of recent warming in the Andes have been dramatic, most iconically visualized by the rapid retreat of tropical mountain glaciers. Of all the ecosystems in the tropical Andes, lakes have received amongst the least research attention. We examined subfossil diatom and chrysophyte assemblages to chronicle recent (past ~150\xc2\xa0years) ecological change in lakes from the Peruvian Andes. We recorded abrupt increases in planktonic diatoms and scaled chrysophytes beginning in the early 1900s. These changes are consistent with enhanced periods of thermal stratification, brought on by rising temperatures that have been documented throughout the Andes. These data indicate that ecological and likely physical limnological changes associated with Anthropocene warming are already under way in tropical high mountain lakes.'

'Many of the problems faced by international projects intending to create adaptive social\xe2\x80\x93ecological systems for climate change stem from lack of stakeholder engagement, limited understanding of local political, economic, and environmental complexities, and restricted time. Local organizations focused on conservation and development might have an advantage in creating adaptive social\xe2\x80\x93ecological systems because they understand local processes and are involved with communities for extended periods of time. A local non-governmental organization, Asociaci\xc3\xb3n Ecosistemas Andinos (ECOAN), works in twenty-one communities in the Andean highlands outside of Cusco to conserve the endangered Polylepis forests. As part of the conservation project, ECOAN supports community-led development projects such as building greenhouses. Data for this project were gathered through interviews (with community members in three different communities, ECOAN staff, and donors) and participant observation. This paper shows that ECOAN\xe2\x80\x99s extensive use of participation has led to community ownership of the conservation and development projects. The communities\xe2\x80\x99 close connections to the Polylepis project contribute to resilience through creating networks, extending the local environmental ethic to the Polylepis trees, supporting projects that diversify and strengthen community sustenance, and contributing to the growth of economic activities. This case study provides a positive example of the potential for local organizations and people to take charge of their own resiliency efforts where international projects and protocols may otherwise prove ineffective.'

'Geophysical analysis of lacustrine sediment stratigraphy at Lago de Tota (Tota), Boyaca, Colombia provided evidence for significant lake-level fluctuations through the late Quaternary and produced a record that potentially spans the last 60\xc2\xa0ka. CHIRP data collected in 2015 from this large, high-elevation lake in the Eastern Cordillera of the northern hemisphere Colombian Andes reveal a series of off-lap and on-lap sequences in the upper ~\xe2\x80\x8920\xc2\xa0m of the lake\xe2\x80\x99s sediment column that indicate large amplitude changes in lake level. Because 14C dated sediment cores are only available for the upper 3\xc2\xa0m of the sediment column, known Holocene sedimentation rates were extrapolated in order to assign preliminary ages to the off-lap and on-lap sequence boundaries below 3\xc2\xa0m depth. These data suggest that lake levels at Tota were lower than present during marine isotope stage (MIS) 4 between 60 and 57\xc2\xa0ka, relatively high during MIS 3 between 57 and 29\xc2\xa0ka, fell to their lowest levels during MIS 2 between 29 and 14\xc2\xa0ka, and gradually rose to the modern high stand through a series of transgressions during MIS 1 and the Holocene from ~\xe2\x80\x8914\xc2\xa0ka to the present. These fluctuations are broadly consistent with trends observed in other lake-level reconstructions from the northern (in phase) and southern (out of phase) hemisphere Andes, possibly supporting the idea that millennial-to-orbital-scale South American hydroclimate variability is linked to shifts in the mean latitude of the intertropical convergence zone due to the influence of insolation- and ocean circulation-driven hemispheric temperature gradients during glacial/stadial and interglacial/interstadial events. Although additional geochronological data will be needed to better resolve the timing of the Tota lake-level changes and their relationships with other records, these preliminary results from Tota, as well as the presence of a thick (>\xe2\x80\x89300\xc2\xa0m) sedimentary archive, indicate that this site has significant potential to produce high-resolution, quantitative, paleo-hydroclimate data spanning much of the last 1 million years. Because geophysical surveys and long paleoclimate records from northern hemisphere South America are exceedingly rare, these data provide critical insight into regional hydroclimate trends through the Late Quaternary. Additional work, such as the collection of sediment cores spanning the depth interval represented in the CHIRP data, is required, however, in order to place firmer chronological constraints on the hypothesized timing of lake-level fluctuations at Tota and to investigate their paleo-hydroclimatic implications.'

'Landslides are common throughout the Ecuadorian Andes, but their causal and controlling factors and their roles in landform development have not yet been systematically investigated. This paper reports observations and hypotheses arising from a reconnaissance study of the Tandayapa Valley in the Cordillera Occidental, approximately 30\xc2\xa0km west of Quito. This study area is characterised by high local relief (ca. 800\xc2\xa0m) associated with dissected mountainous terrain, high annual rainfall (>2,000\xc2\xa0mm), and secondary-succession wet montane \xe2\x80\x98cloud forest\xe2\x80\x99. Regolith cover is extremely thin on the very steep (45 to >60\xc2\xb0) upper main valley slopes, but there are thick accumulations of tephra on the slope crests and ridgetops. These deposits show periods of soil development separated by deposition events. Natural landslides in this environment comprise rare large deep-seated bedrock failures and occasional shallow failures on the steep upper slopes where potentially unstable thicknesses of tephra have accumulated. Landslides associated with construction of roads and forest trails are more common. Back-analysis of one road-cut landslide, using field and laboratory data to characterise the in situ weathered material where possible, indicated that natural shallow failures are unlikely in the absence of a surficial cover of tephra. By analogy with another mountainous tropical landscape, it is suggested that long-term landform development can be explained in terms of channel incision, driven by uplift, producing steep lower valley slopes that eventually exceed bedrock failure thresholds. Therefore, large deep-seated landslides appear to control valley slope form development, whilst the shallow landslides contribute to general denudation.'

'The reproductive cycle of the common opossumDidelphis marsupialis Linnaeus, 1758, inhabiting an agricultural area in the Venezuelan Andes was studied by live-trapping for 18 months (from July 1998 to December 1999). Trap success was slightly higher in the less humid months. Most females captured breed during the least rainy period, with two different birth peaks: January-March and April-June, a minor reproductive event occurs from August to October. Reproductive activity ofD. marsupialis appears closely associated with precipitation.'

'The tropical Andes in Ecuador and Colombia are a biodiversity hotspot that has endured centuries of forest clearance and degradation. Forest restoration has been identified as a regional conservation priority; in recent decades, native species reforestation projects have proliferated, but little information exists on growth performance of commonly planted tree species in relation to site and soil nutrient status. This study analyzed growth of seven common native species (Alnus acuminata, Baccharis bogotensis, Cedrela montana, Myrica pubesens, Quercus humboltii, Sambucus nigra, Smallanthus pyramidalis) on 12 montane forest sites across the northern region of the tropical Andes. Andean alder (A. acuminata) was the most commonly planted species, and grows at a mean annual diameter increment (MAI-d) of 1.81\xc2\xa0cm\xc2\xa0y\xe2\x88\x921 and a mean annual height increment (MAI-h) of 0.95\xc2\xa0m\xc2\xa0y\xe2\x88\x921. S. pyramidalis, a short lived pioneer of the Asteraceae family, also exhibited fast growth rates of 1.64\xc2\xa0cm MAI-d and 1.21\xc2\xa0m MAI-h. Andean oak (Q. humboltii) was the second-most commonly planted species, growing with an MAI-d of 0.99\xc2\xa0cm and MAI-h of 0.56\xc2\xa0m. Soil magnesium and potassium were significant predictors of MAI-d and MAI-h for A. acuminata, while soil nitrogen, phosphorous, sodium, and calcium were negatively associated with growth (p\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa0.001). We speculate that A. acuminata did not grow as well on soils richer in calcium and phosphorus because they were less conducive to nitrogen symbiosis common to this species. Soil magnesium and calcium were significant predictors (p\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa0.05) of diameter growth for Q. humboltii. For both species, we attribute growth responses to soil nutrients as a result of the variable nature of fertility in the complex and variable soils that make up the volcanic and surficial geological landscape of the northern Andes. Results indicate that native species can grow in a variety of soil conditions, and exhibit growth rates comparable to non-native species. However, our results suggest native species are site restricted for best growth and should be planted on particular soils. We make recommendations for reforestation for the species in this study.'

'ContextNatural regenerating forests are rapidly expanding in the tropics. Forest transitions have the potential to restore biodiversity. Spatial targeting of land use policies could improve the biodiversity benefits of reforesting landscapes.ObjectiveWe explored the relative importance of landscape attributes in influencing the potential of tree cover increase to restore native woody plant biodiversity at the landscape scale.MethodsWe developed land use scenarios that differed in spatial patterns of reforestation, using the Pangor watershed in the Ecuadorian Andes as a case study. We distinguished between reforestation through natural regeneration of woody vegetation in abandoned fallows and planted forests through managed plantations of exotic species on previously cultivated land. We simulated the restoration of woody plant biodiversity for each scenario using LANDIS-II, a process-based model of forest dynamics. A pair-case comparison of simulated woody plant biodiversity for each scenario was conducted against a random scenario.ResultsSpecies richness in natural regenerating fallows was considerably higher when occurring in: (i) close proximity to remnant forests; (ii) areas with a high percentage of surrounding forest cover; and (iii) compositional heterogeneous landscapes. Reforestation at intermediate altitudes also positively affected restoration of woody plant species. Planted exotic pine forests negatively affected species restoration.ConclusionsOur research contributes to a better understanding of the recolonization processes of regenerating forests. We provide guidelines for reforestation policies that aim to conserve and restore woody plant biodiversity by accounting for landscape attributes.'

'Distribution patterns of plant species endemic to Ecuador and adjacent parts of southern Colombia and northern Peru are analysed on the basis of information in the Flora of Ecuador. A total of 827 restricted-range species were found, many of which are known from extremely small areas, often only one or a few localities. A total of 27% of the species treated in the Flora of Ecuador are endemic to that country. The overall proportion of endemic and restricted-range species is greater in the Andes than in the lowland areas on either side of these mountains; particularly the southern Andes appears to be very rich in endemic species. Spatial analysis of distribution data results in the recognition of 15 floristic elements and 18 geographical endemism regions in Ecuador, the characteristics of which are discussed. Comparison with distribution patterns of restricted-range bird species show a general correspondence, with the main difference that birds tend to be more widely distributed than plants along the Andes. Comparison of the results with the location of national parks and other protected areas shows that the endemic floras in the northern and eastern parts of the country are much better protected than those of the southern and western parts.'

'The tropical American region of the Pacific Basin is undoubtedly the Basin\xe2\x80\x99s most poorly known region floristically. It is probably also the richest in number of species. I present here a brief history of floristic work in the area, a review of the region\xe2\x80\x99s ecological geography and a summation of the interaction of history and ecology which has led to the present day situation. The current status of floristics in the region is assessed from this perspective and some proposed directions of future floristic research are suggested.'

'\nPolylepis woodland occurs in Peru\xe2\x80\x99s tropical highlands at elevations between 3,500 and 5,000\xc2\xa0m above sea level and Polylepis is the most common tree at timberline in South America. The objective of this study was to assess the total ecosystem carbon stock in a Polylepis incana woodland, i.e., aboveground biomass (canopy trees and understory), root biomass and soil carbon stocks were all quantified. As part of this study, an allometric equation for the quantification of the aboveground biomass of individual P.\nincana trees was developed for the first time. The most important carbon pool was the soil (39.7\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa06.9\xc2\xa0kg\xc2\xa0m\xe2\x88\x922) followed by the aboveground biomass of Polylepis trees (3.8\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.7\xc2\xa0kg\xc2\xa0m\xe2\x88\x922). The total ecosystem carbon stock was estimated to be 43.9\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa07.6\xc2\xa0kg\xc2\xa0m\xe2\x88\x922; thus, 90.6\xc2\xa0% of the ecosystem carbon stock is soil carbon.'

'We present the first palaeolimnological investigation of chironomid larval assemblages from the Bolivian Eastern Cordillera. Taxonomic diagnoses are provided for the 10 chironomid taxa (subfamilies: Chironominae, Orthocladiinae and Tanypodinae) identified in the lake sediments. We compared changes in the chironomid assemblage from two Andean sites with previously reported palynological, charcoal and geochemical data, and highlight the potential of chironomid analysis to provide additional insights into environmental change in this region of high biodiversity over the last 18,000\xc2\xa0years. At Lake Challacaba (17\xc2\xb033.257\xe2\x80\xb2S, 65\xc2\xb034.024\xe2\x80\xb2W; 3,400\xc2\xa0m asl), the chironomid and geochemical data indicate periodic desiccation and hypersalinty of the basin c. 4,000\xe2\x80\x933,460\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP. Increased abundance of Chironomus sp. at c. 1,000\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP suggests a change in human activity, supporting inferences from the pollen and spore records, which indicate elevated pastoral agriculture at this time. The greatest assemblage change in the chironomid record from Laguna Khomer Kocha Upper (17\xc2\xb016.514\xe2\x80\xb2S, 65\xc2\xb043.945\xe2\x80\xb2W; 4,153\xc2\xa0m asl) occurred at c. 6,380\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP, concomitant with an increase in marsh woodland taxa, wetter conditions and a rising lake level at the end of a Holocene dry event. There is no apparent response in the chironomid assemblage to burning, however, at the onset of this dry event (c. 10,000\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP), which is the major transformative agent of the terrestrial vegetation. This study shows that chironomid assemblages in the tropical Andes responded to regional and local environmental changes, and in particular, that they were sensitive to adjustments in net moisture balance (water level fluctuations and salinity) and anthropogenic impacts (nutrient input). This suggests that within-lake processes are more important as drivers of chironomid assemblage composition than terrestrial vegetation or fire regime. Nevertheless, the full potential of subfossil chironomid analysis will only be realised once more modern autecological data are available.'

'Understanding how organisms use disturbed habitats and how that use can be increased is a pivotal question in conservation biology. We analyzed the relationship between upper canopy cover, a measure of disturbance, and habitat occupancy and use by 18 forest bird species in northwest Ecuador. From May 22 to June 28, 2006 we conducted five, 10-min 50\xc2\xa0m-radius point counts at each of the 28 sites (140 total) representing a gradient of habitat disturbance from 1,285 to 1,787\xc2\xa0m in elevation. Both habitat occupancy and use showed strong threshold responses at 21\xe2\x80\x9340% upper canopy cover with the probability of occupancy increasing from about 0 to 1 and emigration (the probability that a species would stop using the site during the study period) decreasing from about 1 to 0. Bird surveys ended near the beginning of the driest time of year and high levels of emigration in more disturbed areas imply that forest birds stopped using these areas as the dry season approached, possibly due to a shift in food resources. Patterns of habitat use and occupancy suggest that disturbed habitat in the region (which is primarily abandoned pasture) may only be valuable to forest birds after a specific level of regeneration and during certain times of the year.'

'The epiphytic vegetation on host trees along an altitudinal transect on the west slope of the Central Cordillera in Colombia was sampled. Bark-type restricted sampling comprised four full-grown forest trees, not necessarily four species, at altitudinal intervals of c. 200 meters from 1000 to 4130 m a.s.l. and included the canopy. Both vascular and non-vascular epiphytes, the latter often more abundant in the montane rain forest, were included in the analyses. Using a method of direct gradient analysis, canonical correspondence analysis, the variation explained by various environmental variables could be discriminated from a great amount of variation that seemed not related to any ecological factor. To a large extent, the randomness in propagule supply appears to determine the floristic composition on branch/trunk segments. The grouping of relev\xc3\xa9s in a phytosociological analysis concurred with a clustering of samples in an ordination diagram of the first two extracted constrained axes. The sample scores on these two axes were strongly correlated with the complex variables \xe2\x80\x98altitude\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98height within the host tree\xe2\x80\x99. Specialists and generalists with respect to the two variables were defined based on tolerances provided by the canonical correspondence analysis as was the position of species on the gradients involved. Independently from any of the other variables entered, a relation between the epiphytic vegetation and host species was detected, particularly in the case of Brunellia occidentalis, a fast growing tree species of higher altitude. No relation between chemical characteristics of suspended soil in the Upper Montane Rain forest and its supporting species could be demonstrated.'

'Even large fragments of tropical forest lose bird species over time. The speed of disappearance and permanence of these losses depend on a variety of factors, but the pattern of species loss appears more universal. We still do not understand the degree to which different mechanisms lead to population declines and local extinction in fragmented tropical landscapes. We review data currently available to evaluate three of the leading hypotheses, which include altered community dynamics producing mesopredator release and indirect effects of elevated herbivore populations; sensitivity of forest birds to altered microclimatic conditions in fragments, and the constraint of poor dispersal ability that reduces connectivity in fragmented landscapes. We find that all three mechanisms require additional study and suggest steps to be taken in future studies.'

'Since 2005, the Brazilian Ornithological Records Committee (CBRO) has published updated checklists of Brazilian birds almost every year. Herein, we present a completely new and annotated version of our checklist. For the first time, we list all bird subspecies known from Brazil that are currently accepted by at least one key ornithological reference work. The inclusion of the subspecies should be seen as a synthesis, and not as a taxonomic endorsement. As such, we include in the new checklist 1919 avian species, 910 of which are treated as polytypic in reference works (2042 subspecies), totaling 3051 taxa at the species and subspecies level. We anticipate that several of the subspecies included in our list may be subject to future taxonomic upgrades to species status, while others will probably be shown to be invalid in the light of future taxonomic studies. The results highlight Brazil as a megadiverse country and reinforce the need for proper enforcement of political tools, laws and international commitments assumed by the country to preserve its biodiversity.'

'In the Andes of Central Chile, flowering commences 1\xe2\x80\x932 months earlier on equatorial-(north-) facing than on polar- (south-) facing slopes, and pollinator assemblages also differ between these habitats. In order to understand the potential influence of these differences on gene flow, we monitored flowering periods and insect visitation rates to flowers of 60 individuals of Anarthrophyllum cumingii (Papilionaceae) on two equatorial- and two polar-facing slopes in the Andes of central Chile (33\xc2\xb035\xe2\x80\xb2 S;70\xc2\xb032\xe2\x80\xb2 W). Flowering began about 30 days earlier on equatorial-facing slopes. Flowering periods of individuals on slopes with the same aspect had a mean overlap of 0.52, while those on opposite slopes had a mean overlap of 0.15. On equatorial-facing slopes Yramea lathionoides (Lepidoptera) accounted for 60% of the visits to flowers of A. cumingii, while on polar-facing slopes Centris cineraria (Hymenoptera) was responsible for more than 80% of flower visits. Average similarities of visitor assemblages among individual plants on slopes with the same aspect was 0.83, while the mean similarity between individuals on opposite slopes was only 0.23. Within slopes fluorescent dyes were dispersed up to 40 m from the donor plants, but there was no movements of dyes between individuals growing on opposite slopes, even when they were separated by less than 10 m. Synchronous blooming and a common pollen vector are necessary conditions for pollen exchange between individuals. The overall probability of pollen exchange estimated by multiplying the inter-individual overlap for both factors, was nearly 0.5 for individuals growing on slopes with the same aspect, and less than 0.04 for individuals growing on opposite slopes. Consequently, at equivalent distances, the probability of pollen exchange between individuals growing on slopes of opposite aspect is more than 10-times lower than between those growing on the same slopes. Seed dispersal cannot compensate for restricted gene flow through pollination, because seeds of A. cumingii were dispersed less than 2 m away from a parent plant. Presumably, restricted gene flow could enhance genetic divergence between populations on slopes of contrasting aspects. This factor could be important in contributing to the high diversity and endemism in the Chilean Andes.'

'The threatened forest habitats of the tropical Andes are reportedly being modified and destroyed 30% faster than their lowland tropical counterparts, but impacts on the hyper-diverse resident avifauna have received little systematic study. We present a baseline analysis of the effects of habitat modification on birds in a lower montane forest landscape in Ecuador, comparing avian community composition in landscape elements subjected to different levels of human modification: primary forest, secondary forest, edge habitat and agricultural land. We use data from a point count survey of 300 counts at 150 sites to test whether community composition and density of birds with different reported habitat preferences and foraging strategies change among landscape elements. Species richness and diversity were lowest in agricultural land, but on some measures, equally low in primary forest. Richness and diversity peaked in secondary forest and edge habitat, but ordination and density analysis revealed clear differences in their species composition. While secondary forest contained mostly forest-preferring species, edge habitat harboured a mix of forest and open-land birds. There was a clearly structured gradient in species composition across landscape elements, with densities of habitat specialists, foraging guilds and families varying considerably from primary forest to agricultural land. Agricultural land was characterised by an assemblage of widespread, abundant species very different from that in core forest habitats. As such, while the majority of montane forest birds appear resilient to a certain level of habitat modification, they cannot persist, and are displaced, where forest has been cleared outright. We argue that, for Andean montane forests, preservation of mature secondary forest offers flexibility in supplementing preserved primary forest areas to provide sufficient habitat for the persistence of this incredibly diverse but severely threatened bird community.'

'Traditional syntheses of the archaeology of the late Pleistocene period in South America have focused primarily on the peopling of the continent by North American cultural groups and on identifying associations among regional sites. This focus has tended to ignore the widespread culture diversity of the period and the possible effects of different paleolandscapes on human migration and colonization, such as the presence of unglaciated tropical and temperate environments in the northern lowlands, the gateway to the interior. The earliest known cultural assemblages are characterized by various unifacial and bifacial lithic industries that may represent regional processes reminiscent of an Archaic lifeway. The major archaeological sites and associated artifact assemblages are examined in terms of regional and continental patterns of environmental and cultural change. Results suggest that the Pleistocene archaeological record of South America must be explained in its own terms and that the events and processes producing this record either occurred earlier than previously thought or are very different from those in North America.'

'In tropical and subtropical forests there is limited information about how to integrate sustainable timber management with the conservation of biodiversity. We examined the effect of selective logging on the bird community to help develop management guidelines to assure the conservation of biodiversity in forests managed for timber production. The study design consisted of control and harvested plots in piedmont and cloud forests of the subtropical montane forests of the Andes in northwestern Argentina. We conducted bird point-count surveys combined with distance estimation. Breeding season bird community composition was more similar between control and logged forest in both the cloud forest and piedmont, than between the two elevations, probably because Neotropical bird communities change dramatically along elevational gradients. Within each elevation zone, community composition changed significantly between harvested and control forests. Both between and within each elevation zone no significant differences in bird density were detected. Similarly, when we analyzed bird density according to diet guilds no general pattern could be extracted. However, we found a significantly greater density of cavity nesters and lower of non-cavity nesters in control plots, probably because most trees that can develop suitable cavities were extracted in logged plots and these plots had a greater structural diversity enabling more nesting resources. Grouping species according to their nesting habitat requirements has rarely been used in the neotropics and other tropical and subtropical forests, but focusing management attention on cavity nesters might address the most sensitive portion of the avian community as well as other species dependent on trees likely to hold cavities.'

'Complete two-month censuses of diurnal raptors and strip transect counts of other bird species were compared between 1968\xe2\x80\x931972 and 1996 to assess changes in the bird community of a 2700ha guinean savanna in Ivory Coast. Among 117 non-raptor species recorded at least once on the transects, 25 mostly uncommon species were absent in 1996 (but only two of them were likely to be extinct in the study area), 4 were first seen in 1996, 14 decreased and 4 increased significantly. All six large forest raptors and resident savanna eagles disappeared before the mid-1980s. Among the 12 remaining breeding raptors, 4 species increased (including the 2 seasonal migrants), 4 species remained stable (including the 2 forest accipiters) and 4 species decreased, but not significantly (including the 2 largest taxa). All 14 non-breeding raptors (Palearctic and African migrants) remained stable or increased. With on average 63 breeding pairs per 1000ha, this area still supports one of the highest densities of diurnal raptors ever recorded. The geographic distributions, seasonal movements and ecological requirements of species involved suggest the most likely origin of specific changes observed. They were attributed, in roughly similar proportion, to: (i) decreasing rainfall (southward shifts leading to appearance or increase of some resident or migrant species); (ii) deforestation, agricultural development and hunting pressure around the reserve (extinction of larger species following habitat fragmentation or degradation, increase of some species); and (iii) habitat modifications inside the reserve (increasing tree cover, invasion of dense thickets, illegal exploitation of palms). The overall community of this small protected area, however, exhibited a remarkable stability during the last 30 years, in spite of dramatic habitat changes outside its limits.'

'We studied species richness, composition, and vertical distribution of vascular epiphytes at two sites in the Bolivian Andes. To account for the epiphyte flora on understory trees, epiphytes on shrubs and small trees were sampled in 20\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa020\xc2\xa0m2 subplots around each sampled canopy tree; this understory zone U is introduced as an addition to the well-established five vertical Johansson tree zones. More than 20% of about 500 species recorded were found only in the understory subplots, including ca.\xc2\xa040% of aroids, 35%\xe2\x80\x9340% of piperoids, and 25%\xe2\x80\x9330% of ferns. Habitat generalists (occurring in three or more zones) were most common, contributing about 50% of all species, specialists (occurring only in two zones, or in three continuous ones) 34%\xe2\x80\x9342%, and hemiepiphytes 6%\xe2\x80\x9316%. Canopy epiphytes (occurring \xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa090% in tree zones Z3\xe2\x80\x935) were mainly represented by orchids and ferns, many with special adaptations to drought stress such as pseudobulbs, succulence, and poikilohydry. Trunk epiphytes (\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa090% in understory and tree zones Z1\xe2\x80\x932) reached highest relative species numbers among piperoids and ferns. Most hemiepiphytes were also trunk epiphytes, due to their characteristic growth pattern, and included mainly aroids. The vertical distribution of epiphytes within a tree is determined by several microenvironmental gradients, with light intensity, wind speed, and air temperature increasing and air humidity decreasing from the ground level to the canopy.'

'Mixed-species flocks of birds have been studied for more than a century, but investigation efforts are historically unbalanced towards certain types of habitats, such as woodlands and lowland forests. Here we provide a first glance of bird flocks\xe2\x80\x99 patterns across different gradients in recent studies conducted within the Neotropics. We summarize a symposium where a series of independent studies that approached the topic, some of them making use of techniques that were seldom applied in previous decades in Neotropical systems. We discuss bird flocks\xe2\x80\x99 patterns across a latitudinal gradient, social network patterns in bird flocks\xe2\x80\x99 across elevational gradients in local and regional scale, and, finally, patterns of flocking response to different levels of human disturbance. Altogether, these studies offer a larger and diverse panorama of possible patterns of response and diversity of mixed-species flocks of birds in the Neotropical region, and provide a rich ground where future studies with bird flocks in the Neotropics may rely on.'

'Calanoid copepods belonging to four species and one subspecies from lakes and ponds mainly from the Cordillera Oriental (22) and Cordillera Central (1) of the Colombian Andes are recorded. Most of the water bodies studied are located in the \xe2\x80\x98p\xc3\xa1ramo\xe2\x80\x99 region, between 2996 and 4085 m altitude. The family Boeckellidae is recorded for the first time from Colombia. Taxonomic characteristics of Boeckella occidentalis Marsh, 1906, Boeckella gracilis (Daday,1902) and the diaptomid Prionodiaptomus colombiensis (Thi\xc3\xa9baud, 1914) are discussed. A new diaptomid genus, Colombodiaptomus, with one species and one subspecies are established.'

'Bats play an important role in the ecosystem as seed dispersers, pollinators and pest controllers. In particular, frugivorous bats are important for regeneration processes in open and degraded areas, because they disperse the seeds of pioneer plant species, which are essential for succession. Depending on the type of habitat that is established at the fragment edge, resources and bat movement patterns toward open areas can be affected. The structure and composition of bats was compared between two \xe2\x80\x98interior-edge-pasture\xe2\x80\x99 gradients, in an Andean forest fragment located at the Reserva Natural la Monta\xc3\xb1a del Ocaso (Quind\xc3\xado, Colombia). The two edge-types considered were forest-edge and bamboo-edge (Guadua angustifolia, Poaceae), both located in the same fragment. Bat abundance was significantly different in the two edge habitats. The forest-edge is a soft edge, in that it allows bat species to move from the interior of the forest to the pasture in front of it. In contrast, the bamboo-edge can be defined as semi-permeable, because it allows less movement of species and individuals from the interior to the pasture. Here we evaluate the possible effects of habitat edge type on bat movement in degraded areas in the main coffee producing region of Colombia.'

'The highest elevation epiphytic vascular plant flora ever recorded on a worldwide basis is described from the Cordillera Vilcabamba, southern Peruvian Andes. Three species of fern (Melpomene, Polypodium: Polypodiaceae) were recorded from Polylepis\npepei forests at elevations above 4,250\xc2\xa0m, with Melpomene peruviana reaching almost 4,550\xc2\xa0m. A new high-elevation world record for arboreal hemiparasites is also documented, with Tristerix longebracteatus (Loranthaceae) being found at c.4,620\xc2\xa0m. Climatic conditions of these sites were assessed and are discussed in the light of existing hypotheses on the abiotic conditions limiting epiphytism.'

'During germplasm explorations carried out in Peru and Colombia, interbreeding complexes of wild and cultivated common bean were observed in both countries, eight in Apurimac and Cusco departments of Peru and eight in Cundinamarca and Boyaca\xc2\xb4 departments of Colombia. The existence of complexes was evidenced both by segregation of wild and cultivated morphological traits in certain populations, and by the presence of genetically stabilized weedy types which were assumed to have arisen from past hybridization. Observations on phaseolin seed protein confirmed that genetic exchange was occurring. Phaseolin types introduced from other regions were in incipient stages of introgression into local populations. On the other hand, local phaseolin types were observed in all phases of the complexes from totally wild to fully cultivated beans, suggesting that the complexes had undergone a long evolution. Complexes could be an effective means to generate genetic variability, introgressing genes from wild populations into cultivated types and complementing modern plant breeding programs. The conservation of such complexes depends on the continued existence of the wild, weedy and cultivated beans in close proximity; on the maintenance of a semi-domesticated environment; and on the willingness of farmers to leave weedy types in the field.'

'A Hexarthra bulgarica population was studied over one summer in a high-elevation lake of the southern Andes. A brief description of specimens is included. The zooplankton is composed of this species and the calanoid copepod Pseudoboeckella gibbosa. The lake lacks vertebrate predators. Analysis of Pseudoboeckella guts showed that its omnivorous diet included Hexarthra. A biogeographical comparison is made between this and other American high-elevation lakes. It is concluded that the Hexarthra population is controlled by predation and by extreme abiotic conditions.'

'\nChuquiraga is a genus of 23 species of evergreen shrubs endemic to South America. It is distributed principally along the Andes from Colombia to Chile and Argentina, and it is especially diversified in the Central Andes and in the deserts and semideserts of southern South America. The genus exhibits a wide array of leaf-morphology types and two different head and floral types apparently related to hummingbird and insect pollination.In this study, phylogenetic relationships amongChuquiraga species were resolved by parsimony cladistic analysis using morphological characters. The resulting cladogram was used to interpret morphological, ecological, and biogeographical patterns in a historical context. Biotic and abiotic environmental factors hypothesized to have exerted selective pressure on morphological traits of its species were optimized onto the phylogeny to suggest how and when these factors may have affected the evolution and diversification of the genus.Results suggest an origin of the genus in southern South America, with two major evolutionary radiations, one more northern in the Central and Northern Andes, and the other in the Southern Andes and the North Chilean, Patagonia and Monte Deserts. Pollination by hummingbirds seems to have been an important factor in the origin of the northern clade, affecting floral morphology. Herbivory by vertebrates and increased aridity seem to have been important selective forces in the evolution and diversification of the southern clade, especially affecting leaf morphology. These changes were probably associated with the major elevation of the Andes in late Tertiary and with the hyperaridization and climatic fluctuations of Pleistocene and Holocene times.'

'The effects of inflorescence pubescence on floral temperatures and fecundity were examined in four species of Puya in the Ecuadorian Andes. These species span an elevational range from 1,980\xe2\x80\x934,000 m and comparisons among these species showed that pubescence production increases significantly with elevation. Flower temperatures of glabrous or slightly pubescent species of Puya from lower elevations closely tracked air temperature, while those of the pubescent p\xc3\xa1ramo species did not. Pubescence removal experiments on Puya hamata, a p\xc3\xa1ramo species, demonstrated that pubescence is an effective insulator, maintaining elevated flower temperatures. In Puya clava-herculis (also a p\xc3\xa1ramo species) elevated flower temperatures were associated with higher seed set. Thus, the greater production of inflorescence pubescence in p\xc3\xa1ramo species of Puya may be an important factor contributing to reproductive success in these higher elevation species.'

'Pollination modes ecology of a total of 164 plant species was evaluated according to habitats and plant life forms in the Venezuelan Central Plain. Frequency distribution of nine pollination modes showed that, at the community level bee pollination (38.6%) was dominant. Butterfly (13.9%), fly (12.7%), and wasp (10.8%) pollination were the second most frequent. Moth (6.2%) and wind (10.4%) pollination occurred with similar frequency, and the least common were bird (3.1%), beetle (2.3%) and bat (1.9%) pollination. There was a significant interaction effect indicating that pollination mode was affected by the type of habitat. Bee pollination was the most common pollination mode in all habitats with butterfly, fly and wasp pollination being secondary for forest and forest-savanna transition; and butterfly, wasp, wind and fly pollination being secondary for savanna. Wind, butterfly and fly pollination were found in disturbed areas as secondary pollination modes. Pollination modes were significantly associated and affected by life forms. Bee pollination was dominant in all life forms with wasp, butterfly and fly pollination being the secondary for trees, shrubs, and lianas; and butterfly and wind pollination being the secondary for herbaceous species. The number of pollination modes (richness) among life forms ranged between four and nine for epiphytes and perennial herbs respectively. The highest values of diversity indexes among life forms were found in trees and shrubs. The richness and diversity indices of pollination modes were statistically higher for more structured habitats, forest and forest-savanna transition, than herbaceous habitats, savanna and disturbed areas, which is associated with the highest values of diversity indexes in trees and shrubs. Equitability was higher for forest and disturbed areas than forest-savanna transition and savanna. The results of comparative richness, equitability, diversity indices, and the frequency distribution of pollination modes of 19 samples from tropical and temperate communities indicated that richness of pollination modes may be different between tropical and temperate communities. The proportion of each pollination mode suggests four grouping: (1) rain forests and their strata, (2) grassland savanna, and associated disturbed areas, (3) temperate communities, and (4) the most heterogeneous group, contained mostly neotropical communities, including the four habitats of the Venezuelan Central Plain. The frequency of pollination modes, richness, diversity and equitability of communities, habitats, successional stages, and vegetation strata varies with respect to geography, vegetation structure, and plant species richness.'

'The family Melastomataceae shows two major modes of dispersal for its small seeds: wind for capsular fruits, and birds for berry-type fruits. Distribution patterns of these two dispersal types differ. We focus on evolutionary diversification of bird-dispersed melastomes in the New World, in relation to that of their avian dispersers. We first examine in detail patterns of melastome fruit availability and consumption by understory birds in a Costa Rican rain forest. Although a relatively small portion of total fruit available in most months, melastomes comprised a major component of the diet of all bird groups studied, most notably manakins and most tanagers, which in turn were the major consumers of melastome fruits. Examination of data from several other neotropical areas confirms the importance of the manakins and tanagers as the avian frugivores most closely associated with the melastomes. These two groups differ in their manner of fruit consumption, being \xe2\x80\x98gulpers\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98mashers\xe2\x80\x99, respectively. The patterns of species richness of small mashers in several Neotropical areas conform very closely to the distribution patterns of bird-dispersed melastomes; both are most speciose in wet forests of middle elevations. Gulpers, especially manakins, are most diverse at low elevations. Thus, the small-seeded melastome berry appears to have evolved primarily in association with masher-type frugivores such as tanagers; with the later addition of manakins to their disperser spectrum, the melastomes may have increased greatly in local abundance, but not (yet?) in diversity, in the wet lowland neotropics.'

'We surveyed insect communities (Coleoptera, Hemiptera, Lepidoptera) on native treelets (Cedrela montana, Heliocarpus americanus, Tabebuia chrysantha) planted among anthropogenic land cover types (pasture, secondary shrub, and a pine plantation), comparing them among one another and to those found on conspecific treelets in adjacent montane rainforest. Between 2010 and 2012, we sampled 160 treelets (Pasture: 47, Shrub: 26, Pine: 44, Forest: 43). Habitability of reforestations for forest insects was quantified by examining species richness, diversity partitioning and community composition on reforestations relative to natural forest. Species richness was high (phytophagous Coleoptera: 185 spp., predatory Coleoptera: 101 spp., phytoph. Hemiptera: 174 spp., phytoph. Lepidoptera: 147 spp.) with values being highest in natural forest, and significantly lower in all reforestations. Phytophagous Coleoptera and Lepidoptera communities showed a trend toward higher species richness in pine than in pasture or shrub. Predatory Coleoptera showed higher values in pasture and pine compared to shrub. These findings suggest that microclimatic effects of surrounding vegetation may affect species richness. Given high habitat heterogeneity and prevalence of rare species, tree-level \xce\xb1-diversity and turn-over between individual sample treelets emerged as the strongest contributors to overall diversity. Coleoptera community composition was mainly a function of habitat, but colonization of reforestations by forest species was restricted to phytophagous taxa and contingent on the presence of canopy cover. For Hemiptera and Lepidoptera, community composition was similar across habitats and determined mainly by host species. In summary, young reforestations maintain less diverse insect communities compared to natural forest but still harbor a considerable number of species, particularly if canopy cover is present.'

Abstract not available

'We review resilience to natural and anthropogenic disturbance of palm populations and communities in tropical America. Response of palms to disturbance depends on their morphological traits, their reproductive strategies and the impacts of these traits and strategies on phenology and gene flow. Human impact induces changes in genetic structure, increasing endogamy and genetic drift in fragmented populations. Forest fragmentation and harvest of palm organs are well documented whereas effects of intermediate disturbance like selective logging, hunting or fire remain poorly known. We recommend emphasis on long-term experiments and on the use of mechanistic approaches in future research to facilitate integration of available data into a theoretical ecological framework.'

'Southern Chile experienced serious deforestation during the past century and it is projected that by the year 2025 Chile will be devoid of native forests. One of the most important endemic tree species of the country and at the same time one of the most endangered ones is Araucaria\xc2\xa0araucana (Mol.) C. Koch, the monkey-puzzle tree. It grows in the Andes Mountains, homeland of the indigenous Mapuche Pewenche people who depend on this tree. This paper is based on participatory field research with a Mapuche Pewenche community in the southern Chilean Andes on their ecological knowledge, values, use and management of the Araucaria\xc2\xa0araucana forest. It attempts to reveal how indigenous people and their knowledge contribute to the sustainable management of these forests. The paper (1) illustrates the complexity of indigenous ecological knowledge of Araucaria\xc2\xa0araucana and its efficacy in native forest management, (2) explores the link between the conservation and use of biodiversity by the indigenous people, and (3) provides answers relevant to native forest management and conservation strategies ex-situ and in-situ incorporating indigenous and scientific knowledge, thus providing a contribution towards integrated natural resource management.'

'This paper presents a synthesis of current knowledge of Late Preceramic Peru (ca. 4450\xe2\x80\x933800 B.P.), a field of study that is less than 50 years old. A brief history of investigations and discussion of chronological systems are presented. A review of Late Preceramic achievements concentrating on subsistence economies and technology is followed by discussion of the social world of Late Preceramic Peru and current consensus and disputes regarding culture processes. Extensive long-distance exchange, farming, and social complexity are first clearly seen in the archaeological record during this time period. Nevertheless, the significance of this evidence with regard to the nature and intensity of the culture practices and processes that they represent is currently under investigation and in contention.'

'Habitat loss remains the major threat to birds in the Neotropics, although there are several additional specific threats, for example trade, nest parasitism, invasives on islands, and for seabirds, bycatch. Capacity building also remains a key issue for conservation in the area. Nevertheless, the region has benefited by a surge in research, with an increase in Neotropical avian studies over the last decade, many of them incorporating modern techniques for analyzing a variety of data, for example vocalization and molecular data. These studies have improved our general understanding of the taxonomic status of several forms, and their ecology and conservation needs, and the bird-watching community has become an important force that can be mobilized to gather information and to support conservation efforts. But birds themselves are playing now a key role in the development of conservation strategies in the region. The important bird areas (IBAs) promoted by BirdLife are now a key component in our strategy for defining key biodiversity areas (KBAs), by means of which Conservation International is attempting to broaden the taxonomic spectrum of the IBA concept. Migratory birds and those with large home range are becoming important elements in our strategy as we try to move from IBAs and KBAs to large-scale biodiversity corridors.'

Abstract not available

'This article explores the relationship between craft production, exchange, and power in the pre-Incaic Andes, with a focus on recent archaeological evidence from Chav\xc3\xadn, Nasca, Tiwanaku, Wari, and Moche. I argue that craft production and exchange in concert with materialized ideologies played vital roles in the development of political power in the Andes. In later state societies, craft production, exchange, and materialization were critical in maintaining and legitimizing established political power.'

"Future conservation efforts will need to transcend geopolitical boundaries in efforts to protect entire landscapes and ecosystems. Neotropical migratory birds are as a group a useful conservation tool for linking diverse landscapes and people due to their dependence on multiple habitats, sensitivity to habitat changes, and universal public appeal. The conservation of neotropical migrants can therefore function as a powerful hemispheric umbrella for ecosystem protection. Efforts to protect neotropical migratory birds on their nonbreeding grounds have traditionally been focused on Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean. To assess the importance of South America to neotropical migrants, an ecoregional classification system was used to determine species distributions in the Andean/Southern Cone Region (Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru, and Venezuela). The occurrence of migrants in protected areas that are part of The Nature Conservancy's Parks in Peril program was also assessed. Of the 406 neotropical migrant species, nearly one third (132) occur as regular nonbreeding residents in the region and for almost half of these species (53), South America is their main nonbreeding ground. All Parks in Peril sites were found to harbor neotropical migrants. Forty-eight species (36%) have declining longterm North American Breeding Bird Survey population trends and/or high Partners in Flight concern scores and thus are of significant conservation concern. Most importantly, 29 species (22%) of conservation concern use South America as their primary nonbreeding ground, indicating a need for focused conservation action. The nature of the ecoregional approach used in this endeavor makes future prioritization of ecoregions and conservation strategies for neotropical migrants across national boundaries possible. The ability to link diverse landscapes using a common element such as migratory birds allows for unique transboundary partnerships and opportunities for habitat conservation, which support the goal of the Conservancy's new Migratory Bird Initiative."

'This paper reviews the rapidly changing archaeology conducted in the central Andes over the last 5\xe2\x80\x937 years. Descriptive work remains at the core of much research. At a theoretical level, foreign archaeologists are more fully using historical concepts particular to the Andes, while Andean archaeologists are drawing selectively from processual and post-processual approaches. Advances in understanding cultural historical developments are reviewed chronologically, with an emphasis on politics, social formation, ideology, settlement patterns, and economics. The article concludes by examining environment and subsistence, technology and society, and gender.'

'Species richness and diversity and soil physical and chemical properties were compared between a mature lower montane rain forest (LMRF) and abandoned 21-year-old plantations of introduced Pinus patula and Cupressus lusitanica in the central Andes of Colombia (2000m). In 0.1ha plots, species richness (number of species) and diversity (Shannon and Simpson indexes) were higher in the LMRF, followed by P. patula and C. lusitanica plantations. There were 56species and 30families of higher plants in the LMRF, 26species and 15families in the P. patula plantation, and 18species and 10families in the C. lusitanica plantation. There were no statistically significant differences (p<0.05) in soil physical or chemical properties between P. patula, C. lusitanica and native LMRF. Nevertheless, soil carbon, the C/N ratio and total bases tended to be higher in the native forest than in the plantations. Available P tended to be higher in the P. patula plantation. These results show that, although abandoned plantations can support some native species, particularly in the understorey, species richness is far from that of the native forest.'

'Attention to human\xe2\x80\x93environment relationships in the central Andes has a long history. Although the area is not a neat microcosm of the globe, wholly representative of worldwide trends in the archaeology of human\xe2\x80\x93environment interactions, it has been the site of both seminal investigations in archaeology and a substantial body of recent work that investigates themes of broad archaeological relevance. Specifically, central Andean environments have been variously conceived as structuring, modified, and sacred. These approaches to some extent reflect broad trends in archaeology, while also suggesting directions in which the archaeology of human\xe2\x80\x93environment interactions is moving and highlighting archaeology\xe2\x80\x99s relevance to discussions of contemporary human\xe2\x80\x93environment interactions. This article characterizes concepts that are key for describing central Andean environments and considers the ways in which the particular ecology of the central Andes has informed archaeological research in the region. The example of the central Andes highlights the importance of understanding environments as dynamic, considering both geomorphic and anthropogenic contributors to that dynamism, and examining both ecological (\xe2\x80\x9cenvironment\xe2\x80\x9d) and ideological (\xe2\x80\x9clandscape\xe2\x80\x9d) implications of archaeological landscapes.'

'Fork-tailed Flycatchers (Tyrannus s. savana) breed from central to southern South America from September to January, migrating to northern South America to spend the non-breeding season. However, little is known of the migratory routes, rate, and timing of migration of those that breed in Brazil. In 2013, we attached light-level geolocators to breeding Fork-tailed Flycatchers breeding in Sao Paulo State. Data for six male flycatchers recaptured in 2014 indicates that they exhibited two fall migration strategies. Some individuals migrated northwest to the wintering grounds (primarily Colombia, Venezuela and northern Brazil), while others first spent several weeks in southwestern Brazil before going to the wintering grounds. Mean fall migration rate was 69 km/day (\xc2\xb113.7) during 59 (\xc2\xb113.2) days. Some flycatchers moved during winter, using more than one winter area. Flycatchers initiated spring migration in July and migrated southeast to the breeding grounds at a mean rate of 129 km/day (\xc2\xb119.0) during 27 (\xc2\xb12.8) days. A detailed understanding of the annual cycle of South America\xe2\x80\x99s migratory birds is essential to evaluating theoretical questions, such as the evolution of their life history strategies, in addition to applied questions, such as explanations for changes in population size, or their role as disease vectors.'

'The remote Tiputini-Yasuni tropical forest region of the northwest Amazon (eastern Ecuador) represents a rich biodiversity likely unsurpassed anywhere else on earth. The myriad ecosystems, habitats and organisms are embedded in layers of symbiotic expressions. This region and particularly its Tiputini Biodiversity Station operated by the Universidad San Francisco de Quito offer unique and significant opportunities for symbiosis research and needed habitat conservation support. The centrality of symbioses in tropical rainforests is discussed through a review of selected literature and based on recent first-hand field experiences.'

Abstract not available

'Conservation of biodiversity will necessitate choices among areas, taxa, and land-use patterns. Lack of data on distribution and pattern in biodiversity makes these difficult decisions even more problematic for those charged with the conservation and sustainable use of the diversity of life. Quantitative methods have promise in helping with this task in that they allow people to make their values explicit, and they also allow representation and comparison of many different types of data.In this article I examine patterns of species richness and range-size rarity, or endemism, in the Neotropics with a data set from the genusSolanum (Solanaceae). Distribution data for 180 species of forest-dwelling solanums were analyzed. Patterns of species richness, range-size rarity (endemism), and several area-selection methods were examined. Montane areas are relatively rich both in all species and in endemic species, with maximal peaks in the Andes. The peak of species richness coincides with the domain (i.e., continental) midpoint (9\xc2\xb030\xe2\x80\xb2 S latitude), suggesting that the pattern observed may be partly due to the geometry of species ranges. TheSolanum results are compared with those obtained for other taxonomic groups in the Neotropics, and problems with quantitative data sets in conservation are discussed. Collecting deficit, parochial taxonomy, and habitat destruction, both historical and current, are all factors that will affect the utility of such analyses. It is clear that if conservation is to work on the ground, we need to know more about what occurs in the montane Neotropics and that continued work at a basic taxonomic level is essential to our ultimate ability to conserve biological diversity.'

'Andean South America, including the adjacent lowland environments, can be evaluated in reference to the patterns and processes that characterize plant diversity, evolution, and distribution. Although its ecological complexity is bewildering and the evolutionary and geological history is convoluted and poorly understood, progress can be made by testing the relationship of known processes and paleoevents to patterns of diversification and distribution.Plant diversity patterns can be quantified and mapped in order to permit the study of linkages to environmental parameters and to past speciation and extinction processes. Such studies show the importance of dispersal barriers and long altitudinal gradients for the evolution of Andean plants. Phylogenetic studies allow for the tying of these processes to the timing of connections from the Andes to adjacent tropical forests, grasslands, and deserts, to other highlands in South America, or to other continents. They can also reveal temporal relationships among a variety of plant lineages, allowing for the identification of basal groups, of paleoendemics, and of the recently derived neoendemics. The special places in South America that have high representation of these restricted-range taxa can be better understood as a result. In the Andean context, these are often located in isolated habitat islands, with moisture regimes ranging from arid to perhumid.These patterns allow the development of conservation actions that respond to the presence of special places for plant diversification and of special species that require immediate attention. Further research will include the documentation of patterns at ever-finer spatial resolutions, to better match our biodiversity databases with the topographical and ecological features found in South America. The phylogenetics of plant molecular and morphological characters provide a necessary evolutionary framework that can then be compared to processes identified as important among animal and fungi lineages. For Andean South America, coevolution of plant and animal species is an important source of additional complexity, while trends of evolution to occupy drier and/or higher environments appear in numerous lineages. Anthropogenic influences on these patterns and processes are little understood, but humans have affected and will continue to shape the composition, diversity, and geography of South American biota.'

'This paper examines the regional dynamics and natural resource use strategies related to the deforestation of tropical rain forests west of the Ecuadorian Andes for the period 1983\xe2\x80\x931995. Research was based on regional level analysis of remotely sensed and secondary data and local level analysis of the ways local populations use the resources at their disposal. The process observed departs significantly from what has been described in the literature for Latin America and should be seen as a window into a broader environmental process occurring in most tropical forests on the Pacific side of northern South America. Deforestation in the Northwest Ecuador is primarily related to a complex productive structure, made up a countless number of timber producers and middlemen, ranging from fully informal to fully formal, and from small scale to large scale. A key finding is that local traditional populations play a critical role through productive coalitions between small primary producers and large timber firms. These have been shaped by the articulation of local conditions with external markets, settlement processes, and the convergence of local populations in an economic system which relies on the unsustainable exploitation of natural resources. If deforestation rates in Northwest Ecuador remain at current levels, forests in the region will disappear completely within 30\xe2\x80\x9335 years, a fate that is likely to be the same for most tropical rain forests west of the tropical Andes.'

'The Pantepui region harbors one of the most distinctive endemic montane bird faunas in the Neotropics, and is located across the tepuis of northern South America. We made an extensive literature review to understand large-scale distribution patterns of birds in the Pantepui. The core avifauna of the tepuis is composed of 138 bird species, most forest-dwelling insectivores, of which 43 are endemic. In addition, 167 subspecies of birds are endemic to these mountains. The number of endemic species peaks between 1251 and 2000\xc2\xa0m, whereas the diversity of non-endemic species is highest between 751 and 1000\xc2\xa0m. A high proportion (28%) of endemic taxa (species plus subspecies) is restricted to a single mountain. Tepuis are distributed along a longitudinal gradient, and bird species compositions of mountains located in the eastern and western portion of this gradient are clearly differentiated. Maximum altitude of the mountains and their distance from the Andes are the best predictors of species richness and composition across the Pantepui. Also, bird species composition at site level exhibits significant nested patterns which are affected by maximum altitude, isolation and geographic position of the mountains. The unique bird assemblage of the Pantepui area of endemism is structured through a combination of the spatial distribution of the mountains, habitat diversity, and complex historical events.'

'The structure of mutualist interactions is still poorly understood in isolated remnants of montane forests. We tried to answer whether a plant\xe2\x80\x93frugivore network from an isolated remnant could maintain its functional structure, despite the absence of certain species and traits. We hypothesized that a network of frugivore birds and plants from an isolated remnant would be less specialized and modular, and would show higher degree of nestedness than one from a continuous forest area. Functionally distinctive species in the networks were also identified based on analyses of the fourth-corner matrices, which cross plant and bird traits weighted by their interaction frequencies. The structure of studied networks showed a high similarity in which most interactions were performed by small generalist bird species on plant species carrying small unprotected fruits. Both networks showed similar levels of niche partitioning, although specialization and modularity increased in the isolated remnant network. Networks also showed a strong correlation between fruit weights and bird masses reflecting the functional distinctiveness of large frugivorous birds and plants with the heaviest fruits. Several large bird species were recorded in the studied networks although they contributed with a low percentage of interactions. Therefore, networks from isolated forest remnants seem resilient to the reduction of species richness due to the persistence of tolerant bird species and plant species carrying small fruits.'

'Fragmentation is predicted to increase inbreeding depression and lower the evolutionary potential of organisms by disrupting dispersal. Trees may be more resilient to fragmentation effects due to potential long-distance dispersal mechanisms that genetically connect fragments. Polylepis woodlands in the high Andes are highly fragmented and are currently the focus of reforestation and conservation efforts. Polylepis multijuga Plige (Rosaceae) is a threatened, endemic tree species in the northern Andes of Peru. Samples were collected from 371 adult trees in nine forest fragments separated by 0.5\xe2\x80\x9380\xc2\xa0km and genotyped at amplified fragment length polymorphism loci (AFLP) and chloroplast intergenic regions to determine the connectedness of fragments and their suitability for collecting seed for restoration efforts. P. multijuga is wind-pollinated and dispersed; however, genetic diversity in P. multijuga was about half that reported for other wind-pollinated species. Genetic spatial autocorrelation and patterns of chloroplast and AFLP diversity suggest seed dispersal is very limited and that wind dispersed pollen does not effectively connect all fragments. Conservation of this species will require reforestation efforts and possibly augmentation of some fragments to increase their genetic diversity. Collecting seed from multiple large fragments and from individuals separated by at least 25\xc2\xa0m within fragments would maximize the genetic diversity of seed collections for reforestation or augmentation. Future studies of this and other Polylepis species should determine how complex topography may affect wind mediated dispersal between fragments and patterns of genetic diversity.'

'Some scientists have suggested that the Huancabamba Depression in northern Peru\xe2\x80\x94i.e., the partial interruption of the Andean chain by the Rio Chamaya drainage system\xe2\x80\x94represents a major biogeographical barrier to montane taxa. Others have suggested that the Amotape-Huancabamba Zone in the Andes of northern Peru and the extreme south of Ecuador is an area of particular biological diversity and possibly a phytogeographical zone in its own right.The phytogeography of this area is investigated here with data mainly from the Loasaceae, supplemented by data on other plant and animal groups and by some new data fromPassiflora L. (Passifloraceae) andRibes L. (Grossulariaceae). The Huancabamba Depression itself does not seem to have been a major dispersal barrier for these groups. However, a phytogeographical zone\xe2\x80\x94the Amotape-Huancabamba Zone\xe2\x80\x94between the R\xc3\xado Jubones system in Ecuador and the R\xc3\xado Chamaya system in Peru can be recognized from the available data. This zone seems to be home to numerous endemic species and species groups and has a high level of diversity (6\xe2\x80\x938 times as high as adjacent areas to the north and to the south in the groups studied). The species of this area show narrow endemicity and often strikingly aberrant morphological characters, compared with representatives of the same groups from other areas.The overlap between northern and southern groups in the area, the mosaic nature of its habitats (geology, geography, and climate), and a varied geological history (habitat fragmentation, secondary contact) seem to be the three most important factors contributing to these patterns of diversification. At least some phylogenetically old taxa appear to have survived in the Amotape-Huancabamba Zone. The region thus seems to be home to a high number of both neoendemics and paleoendemics.'

'We describe morphologically unique Leucocytozoon pterotenuis sp. nov. (Haemosporida, Leucocytozoidae), the first reported leucocytozoid species developing in fusiform host cell found in a Neotropical passeriform bird. The type host of this parasite is the Chestnut-crowned Antpitta (Grallaria ruficapilla, Grallariidae), an elusive native passerine bird whose natural history remains, to a large degree, unexplored. This bird was captured in Palacio forest in the damping zone of Chingaza National Natural Park, Cundinamarca, Colombia, at 2900\xc2\xa0m above sea level (asl). Gametocytes of the new species develop both in roundish and fusiform host cells. This parasite is readily morphologically distinguishable from the described Leucocytozoon species because its host cells possess the narrow (needle-like) spindle-shaped processes, which length markedly exceeds their width. Additionally, the host cell nucleus markedly extends into the processes. Phylogenetic relationships were constructed based on a fragment of the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene and the complete mitochondrial genome. Phylogenetic analysis placed the lineage of L. pterotenuis in different positions depending on the length of the sequence analyzed that is likely due to poor sampling of Leucocytozoon species, especially from rare or non-passerine hosts, as well as a paucity of complete mitochondrial sequences of these parasites. Available data indicate that Leucocytozoon parasites are distributed mainly in mountain regions of the Neotropics where unique morphological forms have been recently discovered. To a better knowledge of the diversity of Leucocytozoon spp. and their host\xe2\x80\x93vector\xe2\x80\x93parasite interactions in Neotropical countries, additional deep and intensive samplings are needed, particularly in orders different to Passeriformes.'

'The current worldwide concern about tropical deforestation raises questions about the sustainability of avian populations in isolated forest fragments. One of the most important issues concerns the sizes of forest fragments necessary to maintain populations and the genetic variation within them. We address this by: (1) using mtDNA sequence variation to infer aspects of the population structure of four species of understory birds from four sites in southern Costa Rican rainforest; and (2) determining whether forest fragmentation that has occurred in the last 50\xc2\xa0years has had an effect on the amount of within-population variation for the species in question. High levels of between-population differentiation (D\n\nxy\n) were found over a relatively small geographic scale (<130\xc2\xa0km) for white-breasted wood-wren (Henicorhina leucosticta), bicolored antbird (Gymnopithys leucaspis), and gray-headed tanager (Eucometis penicillata), suggesting that these species are highly sedentary and exhibit strong female philopatry. No mtDNA variation was found in Plain Antvireo (Dysithamnus mentalis). In all three of the polymorphic species there was a significant decrease in mtDNA nucleotide diversity in populations isolated by forest fragmentation as compared to populations in contiguous primary forest. Even in relatively large (250\xe2\x80\x931000\xc2\xa0ha) forest reserves, sedentary avian species have lost roughly half (range 43\xe2\x80\x9385) of the nucleotide diversity in mtDNA over a relatively short period of time. Our results indicate that sedentary avian species in forest fragments isolated by clearing have undergone severe reductions in effective population size due to population bottlenecks perpetuated by prolonged isolation and potential edge effects.'

'Many species of tropical birds have prolonged incubation periods compared to other tropical species and to most species in temperate latitudes. One hypothesis for prolonged incubation is that these tropical species reduce nest attendance to minimize the risk of predation. The resulting decrease in average egg temperature would reduce embryo growth rate and lengthen the embryo development period. We sampled six species of Neotropical, lowland, inner forest antbirds (Thamnophilidae) and flycatchers (Tyrannidae) with average incubation periods between 17.9 and 23.3\xc2\xa0days. Estimated total integrated 24-h nest attendance between clutch completion and hatching ranged between 14.2 and 19.5\xc2\xa0days, representing 71\xe2\x80\x9384\xc2\xa0% of the incubation periods. Because total nest attendance in these species exceeded the incubation periods of most small passerine birds in temperate latitudes, and because average nest attendance per day did not differ substantially between these tropical species and temperate species, reduced nest attendance does not appear to cause their prolonged incubation periods. Instead, these extended egg periods likely reflect slower embryonic growth and development at a given egg temperature. Prolonged incubation can increase time-dependent mortality in the nest, which would require an increase in either post-fledging survival or adult reproductive success to favor a slow-growth evolutionary strategy. Mechanisms underlying the postulated trade-off between incubation period length and individual quality merit further investigation.'

'Different subsets of mainland nectarivores visited Quassia amara (Simaroubaceae), a self-compatible, predominately bird-pollinated treelet, at three islands and the mainland in Panam\xc3\xa1. Factors correlated with reproductive success, defined as seed to ovule ratio, included the species pollinating and robbing flowers, visitor activity, pollinator response to nectar robbing, and internal regulation of fruit production. The absence of robbers and former pollinators on an island separated from the mainland during the holocene was associated with shifts in flower size, nectar production, and 3\xe2\x80\x934fold increases in population reproductive success and pollinator efficiency (=seeds produced per visit). Exclusion of robbers at three sites resulted in seed production 4\xe2\x80\x9312 times greater than control flowers, at which robbers accounted for 52\xe2\x80\x9398% of all visits. Although 36% of buds and over 83% of all flowers were robbed, this had no direct influence on the recorded 36\xe2\x80\x9361% respective abortion rates of buds and flowers. Opportunistic avian robbers appeared where normal robbers were absent; three avian robbers extensively used floral perforations made by Trigona bees, and all ancillary pollinators also robbed. Selection pressures from nectar robbers are discussed that may relate to plant reproductive fitness.'

'Empirical testing of the hypotheses for speciation, namely, allopatric (refugia model) and parapatric (gradient model) models, has been attempted using molecular phylogenetic methods by a case study on several groups of closely related species of small mammals inhabiting the Ethiopian Plateau. Comparison of the results with the available literature data on other ground vertebrates of tropical mountains has allowed us to demonstrate groundlessness of the currently popular concept on the significant role of parapatric speciation in formation of modern tropical biodiversity. It has been shown that a marked partition of altitudinal gradient by relatively close ground vertebrate species of tropical mountains in the majority of cases is secondary in nature and is not connected with the specific mode of their origination.'

'Equatorial air temperatures at low elevations in the New World tropics are shown by pollen and other data to have been significantly lowered in long intervals of the last glaciation. These new data show that long recognized evidence for cooling at high elevations in the tropics were symptomatic of general tropical cooling and that they did not require appeal to altered lapse rates or other special mechanisms to be made to conform with conclusions that equatorial sea surface temperatures (SSTs) were scarcely changed in glacial times. The new data should be read in conjunction with recent findings that Caribbean (SSTs) were lowered in the order of 5 \xc2\xb0 C, contrary to previous interpretations. Thus these accumulating data show that low latitudes as well as high were cooled in glaciations. In part the earlier failure to find evidence of low elevation cooling in the lowland tropics resulted from the data being masked by strong signals for aridity given by old lake levels in parts of Africa and elsewhere. Global circulation models used to predict future effects of greenhouse warming must also be able to simulate the significant cooling of the large tropical land masses at glacial times with reduced greenhouse gas concentrations. Plants and animals of the Amazon forest and similar ecosystems are able to survive in wide ranges of temperatures, CO2 concentrations, and disturbance, though associations change constantly.'

'\nSelasphorus flammula (2.4\xe2\x80\x933.0 g) breeds in the high mountain regions of Costa Rica (up to 3200 m). Its small size together with the cold temperatures results in high energetic demands on the birds. The energetic efficiency with whichSelasphorus could extract nectar fromTropaeolum flowers was estimated by measuring foraging rates at individual flowers and estimating nectar production rates between flower visits. Extraction efficiency was expressed in caloric terms by converting hovering time to caloric expenditure and nectar volume to caloric intake through measurements of nectar concentration.\n\n1.\n\nSelasphorus had a low rate of nectar extraction fromTropaeolum flowers. However, bothTropaeolum andSalvia flowers produced nectar that was more concentrated than the nectar from other flowers sampled in the mountain regions of Cost Rica.\n\n\n2.\nThe small size of these flowers may preclude providing large volumes of nectar, but the high nectar concentration could increase nectar extraction efficiency. The differences in nectar concentration between flowers probably is related to the strategy used by the flowers to achieve pollination.\n\n\n3.\nInformation on mean available nectar volumes for unprotectedSalvia flowers enabled a rough estimate of rate of visitation ofSelasphorus atSalvia and the number of flowers necessary to provide a neutral energy budget. The calculations indicate that a femaleSelasphorus should visit individualSalvia flowers about once every 5 hours. To account for foraging and resting metabolic costs during the day and incubating costs at night, a nesting female should visit about 540 flowers/hr or about 2700 flowers/day.\n\n\n'

'Interactions between flowering trees in a representative sample of vegetation, and the birds that fed at their flowers, were studied for 2 years in lowland tropical hill forest in New Guinea. All 2,200 trees in a 3-ha plot were tagged, identified, mapped, and monitored monthly. Approximately 60% of all individual trees flowered during the study; all species that these flowering individuals belonged to were evaluated for bird visitation. Approximately 13% of the 164 resident species of New Guinea avifauna at the study site, especially honeyeaters and parrots, visited flowers. In the forest inventory plot, approximately 15\xe2\x80\x9322% of all 86 tree species that flowered during the study were visited by birds; most of these tree species were canopy species. Results showed that there was no statistically significant correlation between bird species grouped by bill morphology and flower species grouped as morphotypes and ranked by nectar accessibility, although strong but unexpected bird/plant associations were evident. These associations may be related to variables such as body mass or perch size. These results are discussed in comparison with results from the Neotropics and Australia, and in terms of morphological convergence and pollinator specificity in pollination systems.'

'In this study we explore the phylogenetic relationships within the hummingbird genera Doryfera, Schistes and Colibri (Family Trochilidae), distributed in the Andes, the Pantepui, the southern Brazilian uplands and the lowlands of South America including the Choc\xc3\xb3, the Amazon Basin, the Chaco, the Cerrado, and the southeastern Brazilian coast, as well as Central and Mesoamerica. To do this, we included a comprehensive sampling of the 16 traditionally recognized subspecies within this group. We found that Doryfera, Schistes and Colibri form a well-supported monophyletic group, and that most of the traditionally recognized subspecies are indeed evolutionary lineages. As there is a high likelihood that the ancestors of this clade of hummingbirds were distributed in the lowlands, we ask: what events might account for the diversification of this subclade of mangoes into the Andes with a later potential dispersal episode from the Andes to the lowlands? We found that several phenomena such as the uplift of the Andes, the marine transgressions of the Plio\xe2\x80\x93Pleistocene, the final closure of the Isthmus of Panama and the climatic oscillations of the Pleistocene might be at least, in part, responsible for the diversification of this group in both the lowlands and the highlands of this region of South America.'

'Our knowledge about the origin of landbirds (Telluraves) is increasing rapidly but new questions are arising because of the contradictory findings from previous studies. All of the major lineages in the highly diverse clade of Neoaves have a Gondwanan origin, although studies often disagree about the origin of\xc2\xa0different sub-lineages. Nevertheless, understanding the biogeographical histories of these groups (e.g. Accipitriformes, Passeriformes) is important when studying the evolution of variation in life history and behavioural traits. Therefore, we would like to find answers to questions such as which biogeographic changes affected the radiation of birds? When did the most influential climatic events affect the diversification of birds? What behavioural adaptations occurred in response to those large-scale changes? The major orogenetic events in Asia and South America formed specific corridors that enabled the radiation of birds. The climatic changes and habitat differentiation they caused during the Oligocene\xe2\x80\x93Miocene era made the divergence of birds possible through their adaptation to newly available niches. Consequently, variation in life history and behavioural traits emerged as adaptive outcomes of changes in foraging, nestling and migratory behaviours.'

'A general overview of the largest South American savanna region, the Cerrado Region, is presented. Using simple approaches, I analyse the distribution of the bird species endemic to this region in order to test the hypothesis that areas harbouring local aggregates of restricted-range endemics have remained stable during the successive Quaternary climatic-vegetational changes. This hypothesis seems not to be generally valid for birds of the Cerrado Region, as restricted-range endemic species exist both in areas that remained \xe2\x80\x98stable\xe2\x80\x99 (Central Goia\xc2\xb4s Plateau) and areas that remain \xe2\x80\x98unstable\xe2\x80\x99 (Araguaya and Parana~ River valleys, Espinhac\xc2\xb8o Plateau) during the Late Pleistocene. I also discuss some aspects of the conservation in the Cerrado Region, and suggest that the dry forests of the River Parana~ Valley, Goia\xc2\xb4s, must be considered the area with the highest priority for the creation of new reserves in the Cerrado Region.'

'From May 21\xe2\x80\x9325, 1960 many of the cities of south-cenral Chile suffered extensive damage when shaken by 11 shocks of an earthquake swarm, each measuring over 6 on the Richter scale with the strongest at 8.5. Associated with this seismic activity were volcanic eruptions and thousands of debris avalanches, lands lides, and mudflows in the Andes fromc. 39\xc2\xb0 to 42\xc2\xb0 Lat. S. The events of 1960 led to the recognition of long-term effects of repeated catastrophic phenomena on the landform, soil, and vegetation patterns of south-central Chile. Many of the native tree species, including the dominant Nothofagus species, are dependent on massive disturbance for their regeneration which is of critical importance to forest management. Catastrophic geologic hazards, as well as snow avalanches, are highly significant to all aspects of native forest use including production forestry, forest recreation, and protection forestry. The importance of environmental hazards in forest resource development and conservation in Latin America has received scant attention but, as shown by the case of the Andean region of south-central Chile, should be a major consideration in resource use planning.'

'The Pantanal of Mato Grosso, Brazil, is famous for its luxurious plant and animal life. We combine a literature review with recent work and show that species diversity is large but that most major plant and animal groups contain a large number of not wetland-specific species that depend on permanently terrestrial habitats within the Pantanal, or are restricted to dry areas during the low water period. These species occur also in the neighbouring biomes of Cerrado, Amazon Forest or Chaco. Until now, very few endemic species have been described, however, there are large populations of species in the Pantanal that are considered rare or endangered in South America. The number of trees adapted to long term flooding is low in comparison with the Amazon River floodplain. We hypothesize that the reason for the lack of local endemisms and the occurrence of a large number of species with a large ecological amplitude is the climatic instability of the region of the Pantanal, which suffered severe drought during glacial periods. The instability of the actual climate, which is characterized by multi-annual wet and dry periods, has a strong impact on distribution, community structure and population size of many plant and animal species and hinders spatial segregation of populations. The dependence of the system on the flood pulse makes the Pantanal very vulnerable to human induced changes in hydrology and the predicted changes in global climate.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'The Andes is recognized as one of the most biodiverse places on Earth, promoting in its uplift process a series of recent rapid diversification events in different biotic groups like birds, mammals, insects and vascular plants. The uplift of the Andes during the Cenozoic acted as a barrier for many biotic groups, as a scenario for radiation processes due to occupancy of different niches and as a corridor for others. Connections between the Andes and the Atlantic Forest showed intermittent phases along the Cenozoic, affecting the distribution patterns and diversification of different biotic groups. Nowadays, the Andes and the Atlantic Forest are both considered globally relevant biodiversity hotspots. Floristic groups thriving in both hotspots are crucial for a better understanding of their biogeographic history, as well as for informing future conservation actions. Mutisia (Asteraceae), a genus comprising 63 perennial shrubs and vines endemic to South America, shows a marked West-East disjunction: Most species occupy almost the whole Andean chain from Colombia to Patagonia, while a second group encompasses four species distributed in eastern Brazil and the surrounding areas of Paraguay, Uruguay and Argentina. We reconstructed the phylogeny of the genus to assess its possible biogeographic history. We analysed three DNA regions, i.e. the chloroplast trnL-trnF intergenic spacer and the nuclear ribosomal internal and external transcribed spacers, ITS and ETS. Using maximum likelihood and Bayesian inference, gene trees were reconstructed, and a concatenated phylogenetic tree was inferred. Divergence times were estimated by means of BEAST, and the ancestral areas were inferred using BioGeoBEARS. An ancestral reconstruction of morphological traits was also performed, as well as maps representing current richness hotspots within the genus. Phylogenetic analyses strongly support the monophyly of Mutisia, with two well-supported main clades: clade A, with presence of Atlantic-central-northern Andes species, and clade B, with central/southern Andes species. Dating analyses suggest that a main clade separation occurred at the early Miocene, followed by the separation of the Atlantic clade A2 by the late Miocene, and more recent radiations occurred in the central, northern and southern Andes during the Pliocene. Results are in tune with other angiosperm taxa that also underwent rapid radiations, possibly related to environmental and pollinator changes. The biogeographic history of Mutisia is related to morphological adaptations, history and geographic factors acting since the Miocene along the Andes and adjacent areas. Threat assessments and conservation actions for the genus shall include the whole distribution range, including low-range northern and southern Andes species, as well as the distinctive Atlantic Forest clade.'

'Activity patterns of mammals are shaped by abiotic pressures and biotic interactions. Here, we describe the daily activity pattern of the northern tiger cat Leopardus tigrinus in semiarid drylands, an Endangered species in Brazil, and test its overlap with those of potential prey, small mammals and ground birds. Also, we test the effect of the lunar phase on the synchrony of the predator-prey interactions. Camera trap data were obtained from ten areas in the Caatinga of the Rio Grande do Norte state, totalling a sampling effort of 7271 camera-days. The northern tiger cat activity pattern was primarily nocturnal, although it shows a considerable crepuscular activity and some daytime activity. Results suggest a high activity overlap with small mammals, that were strongly nocturnal, but a low activity overlap with ground birds that were diurnal and crepuscular. The lunar cycle did not affect the activity of the northern tiger cat, but changed the activity of small mammals, which were most active during new moon phase. A feeding study performed in another geographic region of the Caatinga suggests, in contrast, that northern tiger cats should have a higher activity during the day or during the crepuscular period. Our results suggest that the stressful conditions of the day period in the Caatinga drylands, the virtual absence of nocturnal top predators in our study area, and the higher availability of small mammals during the night are propably shaping the activity pattern of the northern tiger cat. Our study contributes to enlarge our knowledge on the behavioural ecology of a threatened small cat providing one of the first insight on its predator-prey interactions.'

'A general review, incorporating many new observations, of the American grain chenopods is given. The species areCh. quinoa (Q\xc3\xbainoa),Ch. nuttalliae (Huauzontle) andCh. pallidicaule (Ca\xc3\xb1ahua); the first two are related tetraploids (2n = 36), and the third is a quite distinct diploid. Huauzontle is Mexican, and the other two are Andean plants. Brief surveys of systematics, biology, cultivation and utilization of the three species are given. Q\xc3\xbainoa is the principal native grain of the high central Andes and is still of considerable local importance.'

'Strong changes of temperature and rainfall effected tropical South America during the last few millions of years; the sequence of the last glacialinterglacial cycle is relatively well known. Humid and cooler climates occurred in the period between >50 000 and approx. 25 000/30 000 B.P. A cold and very dry climate occurred in the period of approx. 21 000-14 000 B.P. Between 13 000 and 10 000 the climate became warmer and more humid, and from 10 000 B.P. to the present, the climate is more like the present, but there are still changes of temperature and especially rainfall. The climatic changes had a profound effect on the vegetation, especially in the mountains, but data from the tropical lowlands are now increasing and show that the effect on lowland vegetation may also have been considerable. Very recent data from Eastern Brasil (Carajas, see postscriptum) indicate that the rainfall in that area was lowered at least 500 mm during several dry phases of the Late Pleistocene, savanna vegetation replacing forest. If this lowering of rainfall was a regional phenomenon, the Amazonian forest may have been split up in at least two large forest areas separated by savanna and/or dry forest.'

'We evaluate the spatio-temporal variability of atmospheric moisture in northern South America. The spatial structure of moisture is discussed in seasonal and interannual time scales. We combine the principal component analysis of moisture flux divergence and the physical information flow to measure the relative influence of global climate phenomena in the leading modes of regional variability. Our results highlight the inherent complexity of spatial structure in this region due to the interaction of the Tropical Andes, the regional circulation changes related to the annual migration of the ITCZ, the low-level jet structures of regional atmospheric transport and the moisture transport from surrounding marine areas. Modes of variability related to oscillations in the tropical and extratropical Atlantic and Tropical Pacific are the most important sources of variability underlying the regional atmospheric moisture. To emphasize ENSO related variability, we propose a seasonal state classification index that unambiguously classifies the local evolution of precipitation in El Ni\xc3\xb1o and La Ni\xc3\xb1a years, showing the occurrence of marked differences in local moisture content in each of these phases.'

Abstract not available

'I assessed the magnitude and distribution of pteridophyte species richness on the eastern Andean slope in Bolivia based on 676 study plots of 400 m2 each in forest habitats at 65 study sites. In total 755 species were recorded, including 426 (56%) epiphytes and 598 (79%) terrestrials, with 266 species (35%) recorded under both groups. Mean number of species per plot at a given site varied from 0 to 31.1 for epiphytes, 0 to 20.9 for terrestrials, and 0 to 47.9 for all species combined. The highest numbers of species recorded at a given study site were 110 epiphytes, 101 terrestrials, and 167 species in total. While overall there were more terrestrial than epiphytic species, at individual sites and plots the reverse was true, indicating that terrestrial species tended to be more patchily distributed than epiphytes. Despite high survey intensity, many species went unrecorded; the minimum estimate of total species richness obtained through extrapolation was 975 species overall, including 559 epiphytes and 880 terrestrials. A correlation analysis of species richness to 14 environmental parameters revealed a highly positive correlation to mean annual precipitation and bryophyte cover on tree branches (a proxy for air humidity). Significant correlations to other parameters (e.g. human impact, canopy height, etc.) reflected the covariance of these factors with precipitation and bryophyte cover. Despite a lack of data on the pteridophyte communities from much of the Bolivian Andes, it appears that in most of the countries, pteridophyte diversity can be protected by focussing the most humid parts of the Andean forests.'

Abstract not available

' Live fences may act as tools for biodiversity conservation by providing habitat for native species and increasing connectivity in the landscape. We studied the influence of live fence characteristics on species richness and fence use by birds by examining both local and landscape factors. We studied three types of live fences: planted fences of a native tree, planted fences of an exotic, and spontaneous. They were either connected to forest fragments or isolated, and were all within a pasture matrix. Spontaneous and planted live fences maintain a diverse plant (77 shrub and tree species) and bird communities (98 species). Fence types strongly differed in vegetation composition and structure. We found that by analyzing each fence characteristic independently, there was no difference in bird richness or abundance. However, there was a significant correlation when plant richness, structure, and connectivity were analyzed together. This could be the result of some variables counterbalancing each other. Birds used fences for a variety of purposes including foraging, breeding, and moving across the landscape. Native birds and plants used live fences as habitat and refuge in a landscape where large forest tracts have been lost for decades. Live fences in conjunction with small forest fragments maintain a diverse array of plant and birds species that are a subsample of the species originally found in the landscape before extensive deforestation. We recommend the establishment of live fences, allowing growth of spontaneous understory.'

'Our goal was to investigate in more detail wild and cultivated common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) accessions from northwestern South America (Colombia, Ecuador, and northern Peru) because prior research had shown this region to be the meeting place of the two major gene pools (Middle American and Andean) of common bean. Explorations were conducted in these countries to collect additional materials not represented in germplasm collections. It was possible to identify wild common bean populations in Ecuador and northern Peru, where they had never been described before. In addition, we were able to extend the distribution of wild common bean in Colombia beyond what was known prior to this study. In all areas, the wild common bean habitat had suffered severely from destruction of natural vegetation. In Colombia, wild common beans were found on the Eastern slope of the Andes (in continuation of its distribution in Venezuela), whereas in Ecuador and northern Peru they were found on the western slope of this mountain range. This geographic distribution was correlated with an ecological distribution in relatively dry environments with intermediate temperatures (known as \xe2\x80\x9cdry mountain forest\xe2\x80\x9d). Isozyme andphaseolin seed protein analyses of the northern Peruvian and Ecuadoran wild populations showed that they were intermediate between the Middle American and Andean gene pools of the species. Phaseolin analyses conducted on landraces of the Upper Magdalena Valley in Colombia showed that Andean domesticates were grown at a higher altitude than Middle American domesticates suggesting that the former are adapted to cooler temperatures. Our observations and results have the following consequences for the understanding and conservation of genetic diversity in common bean and other crops: 1) Our understanding of the distribution of the wild relative of common bean (and other crops) is imperfect and further explorations are needed to more precisely identify and rescue wild ancestral populations; 2) For crops for which the wild ancestor has not yet been identified, it may be worthwhile to conduct additional explorations in conjunction with genetic diversity studies at the molecular level to guide the explorations; 3) Our study shows the benefit for more efficient germplasm conservation which can be derived from the dynamic interplay between field explorations (and other conservation operations) and molecular analyses to determine genetic distances and diversities; 4) The intermediate materials identified in northern Peru and Ecuador may have basic importance to understand the origin of the common bean and an applied role as a bridge between the Middle American and Andean gene pools; and 5) The differential adaptation to temperature of the two major cultivated gene pools may help breeders select genotypes based at least partially on their evolutionary origin.'

'The need for long-term biodiversity monitoring using standardized protocols led to the creation of the Tropical Ecology, Assessment and Monitoring (TEAM) initiative. At some 50 field stations in tropical forests around the world, TEAM will monitor various taxa such as ants, birds, butterflies, medium and large terrestrial mammals, primates, litter fall, and trees, as well as landscape change in nine tropical biodiversity hotspots and three tropical wilderness areas. The TEAM terrestrial mammal program calls for using a grid of camera phototraps to monitor long-term trends in densities and occupancy rates of species that can or cannot be uniquely identified, respectively. We describe the TEAM camera phototrapping program and provide results for the first TEAM site\xe2\x80\x93Caxiuan\xc3\xa3 National Forest in northern Brazil. An intensive one year camera trapping effort was carried out to determine which months were most suitable for long-term monitoring. Fifteen species of medium and large terrestrial mammals and two large birds were recorded, including three xenarthrans, five carnivores, one perissodactyle, three artiodactyles, two rodents, and one marsupial. The medium and large terrestrial mammal diversity was well represented during two consecutive wet and dry months, respectively. We also recorded activity patterns for all species photographed by our camera traps more than 10 times.'

'Based on current agroecological theory and IPM practices, this review explores the role of traditional practices, involving site selection, soil management, timing of planting and harvesting, crop resistance, intercropping, weed management, harvest residue management, post-harvest management, natural enemies management, mechanical control, repellents and traps in the natural regulation of potential pests. In synthesis, the literature suggests that although pest management professionals focus their efforts on pest control, the preventative approach taken by traditional farmers is more effective. Potential constraints to the implementation of this preventive pest management approach include:(1) lack of integration of ecological theory and pest management, (2) lack of cooperation among social and biological scientists, and (3) lack of real efforts to work with farmers as equals and support mechanisms that protect their knowledge.'

'Geological events, such as the rising of the Andes and the completion of the Isthmus of Panama (linking North and South America) have induced the end or the beginning of geographical barriers, as well as the establishment of environmental conditions that can limit or extend species\xe2\x80\x99 distribution. These events seem to be related with the diversification of the tent-making bats, genus Uroderma (Chiroptera: Phyllostomidae). In the present study, different methodological approaches were applied to reconstruct the evolutionary history of Uroderma, through the estimation of a diversification time-frame, dispersal routes, and to determine the origin of its hybrid zone in Central America. We analyzed sequences from the mitochondrial gene Cytochrome b (Cyt-b). Phylogenetic relationships between species were estimated using maximum parsimony and Bayesian inference approaches, we reconstructed the biogeographic history of the genus, divergence times for the splitting events were determined, and demographic history of species involved in the hybrid zone (U. convexum and U. davisi) was estimated. The Central Andes was identified as a center of diversification for Uroderma during the Late Miocene (5.8\xe2\x80\x933.7 Mya), and Central America for the most recent common ancestor of U. convexum and U. bakeri + U. davisi, which migrated though a stepping stone model before the completion of the Isthmus of Panama (3.8 Mya; 95%, Higuest Posterior Distribution [HPD] 4.6\xe2\x80\x932.9 Mya); Central America was recovered as the distribution of MRCA of U. bakeri and U. davisi, and its split dated to the late Pliocene - Quaternary (2.8 Mya, 4\xe2\x80\x931.4 Mya). The diversification of Uroderma is a series of recent events that involved dispersal episodes across extreme barriers (Panama Canal and the highlands of the northern Andes), with potential for population expansion and retreats, explaining the current distribution of the species.'

'In the Indian subcontinent there is hardly any study that compares the bird community structure of urban/suburban areas with those of forest habitat. The present survey identified diverse assemblages of birds in the Pauri district at different elevations. A total of 125 bird species belonging to 40 families including two least count species (Lophura leucomelanos and Pucrasia marcolopha) were recorded during this survey in the forest and urbanized habitats of Pauri District (Garhwal Hiamalaya) of Uttarakhand state, India. The high elevation (Pauri 1600\xe2\x80\x932100 m a.s.l.), mid elevation (Srikot-Khanda 900\xe2\x80\x931300 m a.s.l.) and low elevation (Srinagar 500\xe2\x80\x93900 m a.s.l.) contributed 88.8%, 63.2% and 58.4% of the total species respectively. Rarefaction analysis and Shannon diversity index showed that the high elevation forest habitat had highest bird species richness (BSR) and bird species diversity (BSD) followed by the mid and then the low elevation forests. BSR and BSD fluctuated across seasons at all elevations but not across habitat types. Present study provides a base line data about avian community composition in urbanized and natural habitats along altitudinal gradient in the study area. This information may be useful to the conservation biologists for the better management and conservation of the avifauna in the Western Himalaya, a part of one of the hot biodiversity spots of the world.'

'Between 1970 and 1980, many ornithological prospections were made in central Argentina. With this work we intend to fill some of the existing gaps regarding such knowledge. We conducted bird surveys in the central-western region of C\xc3\xb3rdoba province. We identified 240 bird species (63% of province\xe2\x80\x99s avifauna) belonging to 48 families: 10 of which are considered under some threat category, 37 are migrants, and two are endemic to the region. Troughout a qualitative analysis of ordination, we identified three clusters of environments that share similar bird composition. Among those, the most dissimilar group was composed of aquatic environments, whereas the two other groups included wooded and anthropized environments and high altitude environments, respectively. The high bird richness recorded in a relatively small region, encompassing a variety of environments, place upon this area a high bird conservation value. The inclusion of this area in the system of \xe2\x80\x9cImportant Bird Areas\xe2\x80\x9d (IBAs) may prompt protection actions.'

'The breeding systems, reproductive efficacies and population densities of 75 species of trees, shrubs, perennial herbs and vines in a montane tropical cloud forest in Venezuela are investigated. 56.96% and 44.32% of the trees, versus the other life forms considered, respectively possess obligate outbreeding mechanisms. Two shrubs are non-pseudogamous apomicts. The percentage of dioecy among tree species (31%) is among the highest recorded in tropical forests. Reproductive efficacy is similar under all breeding systems in the forest interior. Obligately outbred taxa are slower recolonizers of a disturbed border as compared with non-obligate outbreeders. Explanations are advanced for the high incidence of dioecy combined with a low level of self-incompatibility among hermaphroditic species. It is concluded that the breeding system spectrum reflects an unpredictable pollination pattern, rather than insufficient pollinator servicing.'

'High rainfall and its seasonal distribution cause periodic flooding of large areas in tropical South America. Floods result from lateral overflow of streams and rivers, or from sheet-flooding by rains as a consequence of poor drainage. Depending upon the size of the catchment area, flooding can occur with one peak (e.g., in the Amazon River and its large affluents) or in many peaks (e.g., in streams and small rivers).Vegetation cover of floodplains varies from different types of savannas and aquatic macrophyte communities to forests depending upon the hydrologic regime and local rainfall. Large differences exist in primary and secondary production due to large differences in nutrient levels in water and soils.An attempt is made to characterize the floodplains according to their hydrologic regimes, vegetation cover and nutrient status. The areal extent of different types of floodplains is estimated. The human impact is also evaluated.'

'The aim of this paper is to examine the potential for continued agriculturalisation in the tropics and the potential impacts of this on tropical natural capital and ecosystem services. Concurrently we examine the extent to which projected climate change will drive changes in the water available to support food security, locally and along supply chains through impacts on rainfall in key agricultural areas and the implications of climate change for continued agriculturalisation. We make use of global spatial datasets to examine the tropical distribution of current cropland and pasture and the distribution of the remaining non-agricultural \xe2\x80\x98wild\xe2\x80\x99 areas in relation to their suitability for cropland and pasture. We thus identify the most suitable/likely areas for further agriculturalisation in the tropics under increased domestic and export demand. We then examine the potential risks to natural capital and ecosystem services of such agriculturalisation and highlight critical areas for careful agricultural expansion. We examine the non-agricultural lands with greatest suitability for pasture and cropland and highlight the key countries capable of contributing to significant increases in global food production. Further, we examine trends in recent land use change and project these forward to understand the parts of those countries most imminently likely to go under the plough and consider implications for natural capital and ecosystem services. We then examine ensemble climate change projections for the current agricultural areas in Latin America, to better understand likely impacts of tropical climate change on sustained agricultural suitability in these areas, with implications for further extensification. Finally, we use the COMTRADE database to examine the flows of \xe2\x80\x9cembedded rainfall\xe2\x80\x9d supporting key agricultural commodities from the tropics. This is in order to understand the extent to which climate change will amplify or diminish the potential for virtual water flows between the tropics and the rest of the world. Results indicate rapid and necessary agriculturalisation in the tropics under business as usual, which brings considerable threats to the remaining natural capital and ecosystem services in these areas. At the same time we expect climate change - at least for South America - to bring greater water availability and the possibility of increased productivity in current agricultural areas. If true, this could offset some of the demand for expensive and risky extensification of agriculture, and encourage a more focused intensification.'

'Gametophyte morphology of tropical epiphytic ferns may confer an advantage for establishment on islands. Most tropical, epiphytic ferns belong to five families: Hymenophyllaceae, Grammitidaceae, Vittariaceae, Polypodiaceae, and Elaphoglossaceae. Gametophytes of these families are long-lived and clone-forming. In addition, most Hymenophyllaceae, Grammitidaceae, and Vittariaceae produce dispersible gemmae. Each of these characteristics increases opportunity for outbreeding, and when island floras are statistically compared with floras of adjacent mainlands, island floras are found to be rich in epiphytic species possessing gemmae (Hymenophyllaceae, Grammitidaceae, and Vittariaceae), and depauperate in epiphytic species lacking gemmae (Polypodiaceae and Elaphoglossaceae). We propose that gametophytic gemmae significantly aid long-distance colonization of outbreeding species because gemmae 1) allow gametophytes to exploit available niches through dispersal of gemmae, and through clonal expansion and persistence of the resulting gametophyte, and 2) facilitate sexual reproduction by providing the opportunity for sperm and antheridiogen transfer when gametophytes are distant, and by providing a new source of tissue for antheridia formation.'

"The \xe2\x80\x98Golden Age\xe2\x80\x99 of central European ornithology from 1820 to 1850 saw the appearance of the splendid works of Johann Friedrich Naumann, Christian Ludwig Brehm and Friedrich Faber who established a sound basis for the study of birds in this region and beyond. During the second half of the 19th century, many European researchers turned their attention to exotic ornithology because large bird collections arrived in Europe from many different parts of the world. During those decades, the study of European birds made only little progress (despite a major controversy on the instinctive versus purposive behaviour of birds which, however, did not stimulate any field research). The influence of Darwin's theory of evolution (1859) among central European ornithologists remained only slight until the end of the 19th century.From the 1920s onward, central European ornithology changed rapidly and general biological studies were emphasized over the earlier systematic-faunistic work (the \xe2\x80\x9cStresemann revolution\xe2\x80\x9d). This paradigm change had a worldwide impact. It was soon recognized that the bird is a well suited subject for studies into the problems of functional morphology, physiology, behaviour and orientation. Ornithologists (Stresemann, Rensch, Mayr) made the decisive contributions to the biological species concept and to solving the problem of speciation."

Abstract not available

'Bird vocalizations are likely shaped both by natural and sexual selection. Here we test the sensory-drive hypothesis, which states that communication signals diverge as a direct adaptation to the signaling environment and can evolve to minimize degradation and maximize transmission. We examined the effects of elevation and other habitat variables on variation in vocalizations of Chiroxiphia boliviana (Aves, Pipridae) along an elevational gradient (1300\xe2\x80\x932500\xc2\xa0m) in cloud and humid montane forests in the Andes of Bolivia. We also conducted sound transmission experiments to determine if reverberation and attenuation changed along the gradient. Reverberation increased at higher elevations, and attenuation decreased at higher elevations and increased for higher frequencies. We recorded vocalizations from ~\xe2\x80\x8950 individuals throughout the elevational gradient and examined variation in duration and bandwidth of short calls (used as contact calls between males), 2 display calls (advertisement for females) and 2 types of male\xe2\x80\x93male duets (including interval times between males). Duration of short calls, display 1 and duet 1 increased with elevation. Bandwidth of short calls increased at mid-elevation categories and decreased at high elevations, whereas bandwidth of display 1 and duet 1 decreased with elevation. We also directly related the transmission properties to vocalizations and found that bandwidth of short calls decreased with reverberation and attenuation, bandwidth of display 2 decreased with reverberation, and duration of duet 1 both increased and decreased with attenuation (at 3 and 4\xc2\xa0kHz, respectively). This study suggests that vocalizations by C. boliviana may be adapted to the habitat transmission properties along the elevational gradient; and perhaps that increasing song length and concentrating energy within a narrow bandwidth may lead to an increase in amplitude and improvement in transmission. Overall, our results support the sensory-drive hypothesis and suggest that this form of selection is likely common along tropical elevational gradients.'

'Existing networks of nature reserves contain a biased sample of biodiversity. In Patagonia Argentina, most nature reserves focus their protection objectives on a particular ecosystem, geoform or scenic value, and usually are located in inaccessible areas. However, unique species or assemblages could inhabit less protected ecosystems, areas or habitats, which could be threatened depending of management. In this study, we assessed the conservation value of different ecosystem types and areas (fjords) in Isla de los Estados Provincial Reserve (RPIE, Argentina), using birds as study case. We chose three fjords (east, central and west) and five ecosystems types (forests at low and high elevation, open-lands at low and high elevation, and sea coasts). Bird\xe2\x80\x99s assemblage richness, density, biomass, trophic level, migratory status, and use of strata per ecosystems and fjords were characterized in 75 points (3 fjords \xc3\x97 5 ecosystems \xc3\x97 5 replicates) and evaluated using ANOVA and multivariate methods. Also, Shannon (H\xe2\x80\x99) and Pielou (J) indices were estimated for fjords and ecosystems. Passerine was the most abundant group, being mainly residents, omnivorous and carnivorous-scavenger, and they were observed mainly flying or in the canopy. Assemblage structure and function varied with ecosystem types, with higher richness and biomass in coasts and open-lands than in other ecosystems, but with greater density in forests. Multivariate analyses showed conspicuous groups for forests and coast sampling units, with significant differences among all ecosystem types except between low and high forests. Also, east fjord significantly differed in density and biomass from the others, but west fjord also differed in structure, function and bird assemblage. We conclude that greater conservation value must be assigned to ecosystem types or areas inhabited by threatened species (as open-lands at high elevation) and highest richness and variety of use of strata (as sea coasts). However, bird assemblage patterns have particularities in less valuable ecosystems and areas, which also justify their importance for conservation, or at least, prescriptions of low impact uses and activities in the management planning. Nature reserves are opportunities to preserve endemic species, habitats or areas of special interest, as low latitude or unique isolated landscape communities, and ecosystems underrepresented in the network of local, regional or world protected areas.'

'The threat to tropical forests is often gauged in terms of deforestation rates and the total area remaining. Recently, however, there has been a growing realization that forest can appear intact on a satellite image yet be biologically degraded or vulnerable to degradation. The array of direct threats to humid tropical forest biodiversity, in addition to deforestation, includes: selective extraction of plants; selective extraction of animals; biological invasion; fragmentation; climate change; changing atmospheric composition; and increasing tree turnover rates. The threats are linked to one another by a poorly understood network of causality and feedback effects. Moreover, their potential impacts on forest biodiversity are hard to assess because each threat is as likely to precipitate indirect effects as direct effects, and because several threats are likely to interact synergistically with one another. In spite of the uncertainties, it is clear that the biological health of tropical forests can become seriously degraded as a result of these threats, and it is unlikely that any tropical forest will escape significant ecological changes. Some groups of plants and animals are likely to benefit at the expense of others. Species diversity is expected to decline as a consequence of the changes in forest ecology. In the 21st century scientists and conservationists will be increasingly challenged to monitor, understand, prevent and head off these threats.'

'Demographic parameters of birds are essential to understand their ecology and delineate conservation and management plans. This becomes especially important in highly altered biomes such as the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, since the few remaining fragments bear mostly secondary forests where demographic parameters might differ from old-growth forests. Few studies about territory sizes and density have been conducted for entire bird communities or groups of species in the Neotropical region, with a bias towards Central America and the Amazon. In this work we determined territories of Atlantic Forest birds in order to assess their size and density. We conducted spot-mapping in a rectangular 40-ha plot within a 384-ha of secondary semideciduous forest fragment in Vi\xc3\xa7osa region, state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. We identified 260 territories of 30 species of insectivorous birds. Mean territory size of all species was 2.4 ha, ranging from 0.5 to 7.5 ha. The mean density for all species was 21.7 pairs/100 ha, ranging from 2.5 to 72.5 pairs. The sizes of the territories of many Atlantic Forest birds were by far smaller, and the density higher, than those of conspecific or congeneric species from Amazonian or Central American forests. These geographical differences in territory size and density can be explained by at least two non-exclusive hypotheses: 1) higher primary and secondary productivity in advanced successional secondary forest fragments and; 2) density compensation, given the loss of other competitor species.'

'Despite the key role that knowledge on breeding biology of Accipitriformes plays in their management and conservation, survey of the state-of-the-art and of information gaps spanning the entire Neotropics has not been done since 1995. We provide an updated classification of current knowledge about breeding biology of Neotropical Accipitridae and define the taxa that should be prioritized by future studies. We analyzed 440 publications produced since 1995 that reported breeding of 56 species. Tere is a persistent scarcity, or complete absence, of information about the nests of eight species, and about breeding behavior of another ten. Among these species, the largest gap of breeding data refers to the former \xe2\x80\x9cLeucopternis\xe2\x80\x9d hawks. Although 66% of the 56 evaluated species had some improvement on knowledge about their breeding traits, research still focus disproportionately on a few regions and species, and the scarcity of breeding data on many South American Accipitridae persists. We noted that analysis of records from both a citizen science digital database and museum egg collections signifcantly increased breeding information on some species, relative to recent literature. We created four groups of priority species for breeding biology studies, based on knowledge gaps and threat categories at global level. Group I (great scarcity of information, plus higher categories of threat): Leptodon forbesi, Cryptoleucopteryx plumbea, and Buteogallus lacernulatus; Group II (breeding data have recently increased, but threat categories are high): Spizaetus isidori, Accipiter gundlachi, Buteogallus coronatus, Pseudastur occidentalis, and Buteo ventralis; Group III (\xe2\x80\x9cNear Treatened\xe2\x80\x9d species with still scarce breeding information): Accipiter poliogaster, Accipiter collaris, Buteogallus aequinoctialis, and Pseudastur polionotus; and Group IV (other priority cases): Buteo ridgwayi, Buteo galapagoensis, four eagles (Morphnus guianensis, Harpia harpyja, Spizaetus ornatus and Buteogallus solitarius), Leptodon cayanensis, Accipiter superciliosus, Buteogallus schistaceus, and the three Leucopternis hawks (L. semiplumbeus, L. melanops and L. kuhli). We also discuss the way that novel breeding data can show in what manners different species and populations are responding to environmental changes.'

'The abiotic, historical, and autecological factors determining the range sizes of tropical plant species and the distribution of endemism are still poorly understood. In this study, the variation of range-size rarity was analyzed among the bromeliad communities of 74 forest sites in the Bolivian Andes and adjacent lowlands with respect to 14 environmental factors reflecting mostly climatic conditions and to species attributes such as life-form, ecophysiological type, pollination mode, and fruit type. The global ranges of all 192 recorded bromeliad species were mapped on a 1\xc2\xb0 grid, quantified as the number of 1\xc2\xb0 grids occupied by a species, and range-size rarity indices were calculated as the mean inverse range size of all species at a given study site.At the community level, range-size rarity increased with elevation, most notably among epiphytic taxa. Range-size rarity of terrestrial forest species increased with decreasing habitat area, presumably reflecting the agglomeration of endemic species in isolated dry forest valleys with restricted area. Epiphytes showed higher range-size rarity in the most humid areas, which are also geographically isolated. At the species level, range size revealed a limited relationship to pollination mode or ecophysiological type but differed significantly between epiphytic species (large ranges) and terrestrial and saxicolous taxa (small ranges). However, this pattern was outweighed by differences among fruit types, with berries corresponding to large ranges, winddispersed seeds with flight appendages to intermediate ranges, and wind-dispersed seeds without appendages to small ranges. It is hypothesized that the tendency toward larger ranges among epiphytes (of any plant group) is due at least partly to the prevalence of taxa with adaptations to long-distance dispersal, ensuring efficient colonization of canopy habitats while preventing the differentiation of populations.'

'The mass-extinction episode underway is largely centred on tropical forests, insofar as they contain at least half of all Earth\'s species and they are being depleted faster than any other biome. But species distributions and depletion patterns are anything but uniform throughout the biome. This paper identifies 10 areas that, a) are characterised by exceptional concentrations of species with high levels of endemism and b) are experiencing unusually rapid rates of depletion. While these "hotspot" areas comprise less than 3.5 percent of remaining primary forests, they harbour over 34 000 endemic plant species (27 percent of all plant species in tropical forests and 13 percent of all plant species worldwide). They also feature 700 000 endemic animal species and possibly several times more. Unfortunately, they appear likely to lose 90 percent of their forest cover as soon as the end of the century or shortly thereafter, causing the extinction of almost 7 percent of Earth\'s plant species and at least a similar proportion of animal species, this occurring in only 0.2 percent of Earth\'s land surface. By concentrating on such areas where needs are greatestand where the pay-off from safeguard measures would also be greatest, conservationists can engage in a more systematised response to the challenge of largescale extinctions impending in tropical forests.'

'Northern Chile, part of the south central Andes, consists of two main ecological subareas: extreme northern Chile, including the western valleys, and the Atacama Desert and oases. Different ecological conditions obtain in each subarea: puna, altiplano, and precordillera in the highlands; valleys, the desert, and oases in the intermediate zone; and coastal environments along the Pacific shores. In prehistoric times, all these environments were very interconnected. There are three different cultural traditions in the local prehistory: the early hunting and gathering tradition (10,000\xe2\x80\x934000 B.P.), the Chinchorro Tradition (7500\xe2\x80\x932500 B.P.), and the Altiplano or Andean Tradition (3000\xe2\x80\x930 B.P.). This proposed sequence is described, with emphasis on the early Chinchorro adaptations, including the important patterns of mummification, and its possible relation to tropical forest groups of the Amazon basin; and the Pre-Tiwanaku and later Tiwanaku and Inca developments, in relation to the circum-Titicaca region. The data presented in the paper are further developed to explore ideas and hypotheses for future research.'

'An appraisal of Paleogene floral and land mammal faunal dynamics in South America suggests that both biotic elements responded at rate and extent generally comparable to that portrayed by the global climate pattern of the interval. A major difference in the South American record is the initial as well as subsequent much greater diversity of both Neotropical and Austral floras relative to North American counterparts. Conversely, the concurrent mammal faunas in South America did not match, much less exceed, the diversity seen to the north. It appears unlikely that this difference is solely due to the virtual absence of immigrants subsequent to the initial dispersal of mammals to South America, and cannot be explained solely by the different collecting histories of the two regions. Possible roles played by non-mammalian vertebrates in niche exploitation remain to be explored.The Paleogene floras of Patagonia and Chile show a climatic pattern that approximates that of North America, with an increase in both Mean Annual Temperature (MAT) and Mean Annual Precipitation (MAP) from the Paleocene into the Early Eocene Climatic Optimum (EECO), although the Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum (PETM) is not recognized in the available data set. Post-EECO temperatures declined in both regions, but more so in the north than the south, which also retained a higher rate of precipitation.The South American Paleogene mammal faunas developed gradual, but distinct, changes in composition and diversity as the EECO was approached, but actually declined somewhat during its peak, contrary to the record in North America. At about 40\xc2\xa0Ma, a post-EECO decline was recovered in both hemispheres, but the South American record achieved its greatest diversity then, rather than at the peak of the EECO as in the north. This post-EECO faunal turnover apparently was a response to the changing conditions when global climate was deteriorating toward the Oligocene. Under the progressively more temperate to seasonally arid conditions in South America, this turnover reflected a major change from the more archaic, and more tropical to subtropical-adapted mammals, to the beginning of the ultimately modern South American fauna, achieved completely by the Eocene-Oligocene transition. Interestingly, hypsodonty was achieved by South American cursorial mammals about 15\xe2\x80\x9320\xc2\xa0m.y. earlier than in North America. In addition to being composed of essentially different groups of mammals, those of the South American continent seem to have responded to the climatic changes associated with the ECCO and subsequent conditions in a pattern that was initially comparable to, but subsequently different from, their North American counterparts.'

'Microenvironmental heterogeneity is important in the ecology and diversification of the rich palm flora that inhabits neotropical rain forests. At small-0.1-102 m-scales, neotropical rain forests exhibit high heterogeneity in numerous environmental factors: canopy conditions, conspecifics, other plants, litter, soil factors, topography, and animal mutualists and pests. These aspects of microenvironmental heterogeneity affect the performance and the small-scale distribution of palms in numerous ways, often affecting different species differently. Notably, even subtle environmental variation can be of crucial ecological importance.Microenvironmental heterogeneity promotes the local coexistence of palm species by niche differences among the species and probably also by mass effects and negative density dependence. Sympatric species of the same growth form often differ in terms of light requirements, edaphic-topographic preferences, and possibly also in seed-dispersal patterns, whereas mass effects are likely to account for the local occurrence of a share of the rare species. Density dependence seems to be frequent among large-seeded palms, but its importance needs to be assessed.Microenvironmental heterogeneity is proposed to be an important diversity-generating factor in the neotropical palm flora through the process of parapatric speciation. This hypothesis is based on the observation that, in species-rich palm genera and species complexes, sympatric species or morphs often differ in edaphic-topographic preferences or in characteristics that confer differing light requirements and in traits that favor reproductive isolation.'

'BackgroundHaemosporidians (Apicomplexa, Protista) are obligate heteroxenous parasites of vertebrates and blood-sucking dipteran insects. Avian haemosporidians comprise more than 250 species traditionally classified into four genera, Plasmodium, Haemoproteus, Leucocytozoon, and Fallisia. However, analyses of the mitochondrial CytB gene revealed a vast variety of lineages not yet linked to morphospecies. This study aimed to analyse and discuss the data of haemosporidian lineages isolated from birds of the family Turdidae, to visualise host and geographic distribution using DNA haplotype networks and to suggest directions for taxonomy research on parasite species.MethodsHaemosporidian CytB sequence data from 350 thrushes were analysed for the present study and complemented with CytB data of avian haemosporidians gathered from Genbank and MalAvi database. Maximum Likelihood trees were calculated to identify clades featuring lineages isolated from Turdidae species. For each clade, DNA haplotype networks were calculated and provided with information on host and geographic distribution.ResultsIn species of the Turdidae, this study identified 82 Plasmodium, 37 Haemoproteus, and 119 Leucocytozoon lineages, 68, 28, and 112 of which are mainly found in this host group. Most of these lineages cluster in the clades, which are shown as DNA haplotype networks. The lineages of the Leucocytozoon clades were almost exclusively isolated from thrushes and usually were restricted to one host genus, whereas the Plasmodium and Haemoproteus networks featured multiple lineages also recovered from other passeriform and non-passeriform birds.ConclusionThis study represents the first attempt to summarise information on the haemosporidian parasite lineages of a whole bird family. The analyses allowed the identification of numerous groups of related lineages, which have not been linked to morphologically defined species yet, and they revealed several cases in which CytB lineages were probably assigned to the wrong morphospecies. These taxonomic issues are addressed by comparing distributional patterns of the CytB lineages with data from the original species descriptions and further literature. The authors also discuss the availability of sequence data and emphasise that MalAvi database should be considered an extremely valuable addition to GenBank, but not a replacement.'

'An adult Collyriclum faba was found in a cutaneous cyst at the base of the lower mandible in a blue-gray tanager (Thraupis episcopus, Thraupidae) examined in the Zona Protectora Las Tablas, Costa Rica on 18 August 2010. A total of 1878 birds belonging to 217 species were examined in the country during 2004, 2009, and 2010. C. faba was found for the first time in blue-gray tanager and for the first time in Costa Rica as well.'

'Many studies have investigated how habitat fragmentation affects the taxonomic and functional diversity of species assemblages. However, the joint effects of habitat fragmentation and environmental conditions on taxonomic and functional diversity, for instance across elevational gradients, have largely been neglected so far. In this study, we compare whether taxonomic and functional indicators show similar or distinct responses to forest fragmentation across an elevational gradient. We based our analysis on a comprehensive data set of species-rich bird assemblages from tropical montane forest in the Southern Andes of Ecuador. We monitored birds over 2\xc2\xa0years in two habitat types (continuous and fragmented forest) at three elevations (i.e., 1000, 2000, and 3000\xc2\xa0m a.s.l) and measured nine morphological traits for each bird species on museum specimens. Bird species richness and abundance were significantly higher in fragmented compared to continuous forests and decreased towards high elevations. In contrast, functional diversity was significantly reduced in fragmented compared to continuous forests at low elevations, but fragmentation effects on functional diversity tended to be reversed at high elevations. Our results demonstrate that taxonomic and functional indicators can show decoupled responses to forest fragmentation and that these effects are highly variable across elevations. Our findings reveal that functional homogenization in bird communities in response to fragmentation can be masked by apparent increases in taxonomic diversity, particularly in diverse communities at low elevations.'

'Shade coffee plantations support high numbers of Neotropical migratory birds, but relatively little is known about the structural and floristic attributes used by individual species. From 2005 to 2007, we studied the relationship between habitat characteristics and Neotropical migratory birds in shade coffee plantations in the Venezuelan Andes. Our results indicate that density of migrants was significantly related to both structural and floristic attributes of coffee farms. Specifically, upper canopy foragers were positively associated with number of large trees (>38\xc2\xa0cm dbh), tree canopy height, and understory vegetation density. Low canopy and ground foragers were positively associated with numbers of small (8\xe2\x80\x9323\xc2\xa0cm dbh) and medium (23\xe2\x80\x9338\xc2\xa0cm dbh) trees and increased shade cover. Moreover, certain tree species, especially Inga spp., Erythrina spp. and Acnistus arborescens, were important components of habitat for those species that forage in the canopy. For example, our detailed foraging observations showed that Inga trees were used in greater proportion than available throughout plantations by Cerulean Warblers (Dendroica cerulea), a species of high conservation concern. Overall, our research suggests that suitability of coffee plantations for migratory birds may be improved by managing for particular structural and floristic characteristics of plantations.'

'Prompted by field observations in 2001 in the Utcubamba Valley, Peru, a study was undertaken of 130 specimens in the Aratinga mitrata complex. As a result, the traditional arrangement of Aratinga mitrata (A. m. mitrata Tschudi 1844 and A. m. alticola Chapman 1921) as one species, is replaced with a new classification where Aratinga mitrata is divided into five taxa, A. m. mitrata Tschudi 1844, Aratinga mitrata chlorogenys ssp. nov and Aratinga mitrata tucumana ssp. nov, Aratinga hockingi sp. nov, and A. alticola Chapman 1921.'

'The determinants of diversity are a central issue in ecology, particularly in Andean forests that are known to be a major diversity hotspot for several taxa. We examined the effect of abiotic (elevation and precipitation) and biotic (flowering plant diversity) factors considered to be decisive causal factors of diversity patterns on anthophyllous insect communities on mountain forest. Sampling was carried out in 100-m transects at eight elevational levels and during a period of 8\xc2\xa0months. All flowering plants in the understory and their flowering visitors were recorded. Species richness and diversity were estimated for each elevation and month. Diversity of flowering plants, elevation, and precipitation were used as independent variables in multiple regressions against insect diversity. The evaluated abiotic and biotic factors had contrasting effects on insect diversity: a significant decrease on insect diversity occurred at high elevation and dry months (i.e., threshold effect), while it showed a positive relationship with flowering plant diversity through time (i.e., linear effect), but not along elevation. Rapid turnover of species of both interacting guilds was observed every 100-m altitude and month. Local insect communities were also divided functionally depending on the plant family they visit. These results indicate that each insect community is distinctive among elevations and months and that diversity of flowering plants, precipitation, and elevation influence their structure and composition. Thus, conservation strategies should involve protection of forest cover at the whole elevation gradient, in order to preserve common and exclusive components of diversity and consequently, the mosaic of plant\xe2\x80\x93pollinator interactions.'

'Current major research directions and findings in three areas of Southern Cone archaeology are discussed: (1) the entry of humans in Late Pleistocene times and early hunter-gatherer society, (2) the emergence of chiefdom societies, and (3) the Inca state. These themes are considered broadly in terms of local and interregional models of economic mobility and sociopolitical organization. Although emphasis is given primarily to the Andean regions of Argentina, Chile, and Bolivia, new studies and developments in the Argentinian Pampa and Patagonia are discussed.'

'The timely characterization of high-altitude freshwater habitats allows an assessment of the diversity of its biota and provides the basis for monitoring community change. In this study, we investigate the Cladocera fauna of 29 water bodies (pools, freshwater lakes, and surrounding swamps sampled at various occasions between 2005 and 2009) in the Rwenzori Mountains (Uganda, D. R. Congo), which are part of the East African Sky Island Complex. All sites except one are located above 3700\xc2\xa0m altitude. We include notes on the morphology, taxonomy, distribution, and ecology of each recorded taxon and describe a new species of the Alona rustica-group (Alona sphagnophila n.sp.; Chydoridae). We found 11 species of which seven are restricted to Lake Mahoma, the lowest lake in our study area (2990\xc2\xa0m) (Alona affinis barbata, A. intermedia, Alonella exisa, Alonella nana, Daphnia cf. obtusa, Pleuroxus aduncus) and/or Lake Bujuku (Daphnia cf. curvirostris, P.\xc2\xa0aduncus) (3900\xc2\xa0m). Two taxa (Ilyocryptus cf. gouldeni, A. sphagnophila n.sp.) are restricted to Carex/Sphagnum bogs surrounding lakes in the afroalpine zone. Pigmented populations of Chydorus cf. sphaericus occur in all the sites. It is the only cladoceran species surviving the extreme alpine and nival conditions in the Rwenzori. The species is joined by A. guttata at locations at lower altitudes (ca. 3000\xe2\x80\x934000\xc2\xa0m), present in about half of the sites. The Rwenzori Cladocera fauna is characterized by a strong extratropical temperate component and a low level of speciation/endemism. Harboring an impoverished boreal cladoceran community, Lake Mahoma is given closer attention. At 2990\xc2\xa0m, the lake is a cold-temperate aquatic island in the tropics and may function as a stepping stone for Palaearctic taxa. We introduce a new term for high-altitude, cold-water habitats in the tropics, which act as climatic islands for extratropical freshwater faunas, L\xc3\xb6ffler Islands, in honor of Dr Heinz L\xc3\xb6ffler. In comparison to surveys in 1961, we list five new records in Lake Mahoma, which could indicate cladoceran community changes over the past few decades at ca. 3000\xc2\xa0m in the Rwenzori. Since the species distributions correlate to temperature and catchment properties of the lakes, the Rwenzori cladoceran fauna can be expected as sensitive indicators for local changes.'

'Nu\xc3\xb1as are a group of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris, Fabaceae) varieties, whose grains are consumed after toasting in their original Andean habitats. Nowadays, these varieties are restricted to certain parts of the highlands of Peru and Bolivia. Linguistic, ethnobotanical, and archaeological data suggest that they were grown in that zone duringpre-Hispanic times. SDS-PAGE electrophoresis shows a wide range ofphaseolin types amongnu\xc3\xb1as, many of which are present in sympatric wild forms. This paper discusses the possibility thatnu\xc3\xb1as resulted from an early and widely applied selection pressure during bean domestication in the Andes.'

"While in most Salvia species pollen is transferred by the `staminal lever mechanism', in some species the `levers' are inactive. This is also found in the bird pollinated S. haenkei from Bolivia. To understand pollen transfer in a species lacking the lever mechanism we carried out field investigations and confirmed our observations by means of morphometric measurements of both the flowers and museum skins of the observed hummingbird species. The tubular corolla forces the birds (Sappho sparganura, Colibri coruscans, Patagona gigas, Oreotrochilus adela) into a specific position thereby causing pollen transfer from the exserted pollen-sacs to the bird's feathers and bills. The staminal levers are well developed but cannot be moved because the sterile arms are closely attached to the upper face of the corolla leaving no space for any movement. We assume that the reduction of the lever mechanism reflects an adaptation to bird pollination."

'Breeding birds were censused along four elevational gradients in the Adirondack Mountains, New York, and the Green Mountains, Vermont. The bird communities of the four gradients were basically similar in species composition, richness and amplitude patterns. Three measures of species diversity decreased with increasing elevation. Low-elevation communities contained higher proportions of rare species and the relative abundances conformed to the broken-stick distribution. At higher elevations the communities showed greater dominance and the dominance-diversity curves approached geometric series. The species characteristic of high-elevation communities had the broadest altitudinal distributions.The upper and lower distributional limits of most species were independent of one another except at \xe2\x80\x9cecotones\xe2\x80\x9d where marked changes in vegetation structure occurred. On each mountain, slightly more than half of the species\xe2\x80\x99 limits coincided with ecotones. This is a significantly greater proportion than has been found in similar studies of tropical forest bird communities. In further contrast to tropical communities, we found no convincing cases of altitudinal competitive exclusion between species. Interspecific competition in the past seems to have been translated primarily into differences in habitat selection by temperate forest birds.Many of the differences between temperate forest breeding bird communities and tropical ones can be understood in terms of the migratory nature of most of the temperate species and the lower species richness in temperature forests.'

'The scattered and dwindling Polylepis woodlands of the high Andean global hotspot have been identified as being of particular importance to biodiversity conservation, and yet little is known of the make-up of their faunal communities, how these vary across landscapes, and how well species might tolerate matrix/edge habitats. We examined the bird communities and vegetation characteristics of Polylepis woodlands and the surrounding matrix habitats at three sites in the Cordillera Vilcanota, southern Per\xc3\xba (3,400\xe2\x80\x934,500\xc2\xa0m). The vegetation structure of woodlands varied significantly across the three sites but all were dominated by two Polylepis tree species, with mossy ground cover. Matrix habitats were treeless and dominated by ground-level puna grass-steppe or boulder scree vegetation. Bird species richness and diversity, encounter rates and the number of globally-threatened and restricted-range bird species were consistently higher in the Polylepis forests, than in matrix habitat. We used canonical correspondence analysis (CCA) to identify habitat gradients across the landscape, and to classify bird species according to their association with Polylepis, the matrix or Polylepis-matrix interface. There were few matrix-restricted bird species, but around half the bird community, including fourteen threatened or restricted-range species, were Polylepis-dependant. Many of these species had very narrow niches. The Polylepis-matrix interface was dominated by species traditionally considered invasive ecological generalists. Our study illustrates the overriding importance of Polylepis interior habitats, indicating that conservation strategies for high Andean birds must focus on patch size maintenance/enlargement, enhancement of within-patch habitat quality, and efforts to safeguard connectivity of suitable habitat across what is essentially an inhospitable puna/scree matrix.'

'BackgroundThe ridges and valleys of the Andes create physical barriers that limit animal dispersal and cause deterministic local variation in rainfall. This has resulted in physical isolation of animal populations and variation in habitats, each of which has likely contributed to the evolution of high species diversity in the region. However, the relative influences of geographic isolation, ecoclimatic conditions, and their potential interactions remain poorly understood. To address this, we compared patterns of genetic and morphological diversity in Peruvian populations of the hummingbird Metallura tyrianthina.\nResultsPhylogenetic and variation partitioning analyses showed that geographic isolation rather than climatic dissimilarity explained the greatest proportion of genetic variance. In contrast, bill length variation was explained by climatic seasonality, but not by genetic divergence. We found that mutation-scaled migration rate (m) between persistently humid and semi-humid environments was nearly 20 times higher when the habitats were contiguous (m\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x8939.9) than when separated by a barrier, the Cordillera de Vilcanota (m\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x892.1). Moreover, the population experiencing more gene flow exhibited a lesser degree of bill length divergence despite similar differences in climate.ConclusionsGeographic isolation is necessary for genetic divergence. Ecological differences, represented here by climate characteristics, are necessary for functional divergence. Gene flow appears to hinder the evolution of functional traits toward local adaptive optima. This suggests that functional diversification requires geographic isolation followed or accompanied by a shift in ecological conditions. Andean topography causes both isolation and climatic variation, underscoring its dual role in biotic diversification.'

"Prior studies on the latitudinal extent and ecological impact of exotic plant species suggest that areas of high diversity, such as the Neotropics, may be relatively 'resistant' to invasions. To explore the generality of this assertion and assess the impact of alien species on continental tropical faunas, I compiled data for threatened Neotropical animals from the red data books of Bolivia, Brazil, Minas Gerais (a Brazilian state), Peru, and Venezuela. A total of 378 species (including both vertebrates and invertebrates) were considered. For each taxon, I recorded whether it is threatened by habitat conversion, overexploitation, and/or exotic species. As suggested by other researchers, exotic species introductions appear to be relatively unimportant in South America, threatening only 6% of animal taxa. However, many South American animals are themselves either recent invaders or survivors of the Great American Biotic Interchange (GABI) which began during the Pliocene. Here, I hypothesize that the GABI may have acted as an 'extinction filter', leaving faunal groups of mostly South American origin relatively more threatened by the current wave of exotic invaders than those with prominent North American representation. The data support this prediction. For taxa whose current diversity patterns were not strongly influenced by the GABI, exotic species are indeed an important threat. For example, alien invaders threaten 29% of continental fishes and 30% of amphibians, figures comparable to those recorded in temperate areas. As more information on these less-studied taxa becomes available, the magnitude of the threat posed by exotic species introductions will probably reveal itself to be large. Of critical importance is to assess the impact of invasions on biological realms that have only been recently exposed to alien taxa, such as the aquatic faunas of the numerous drainages that occur along the eastern and western slopes of the South American Andes. The results of these investigations provide predictions for similar research focussed on other continental tropical regions of the world."

'We describe Leucocytozoon quynzae sp. nov. (Haemosporida, Leucocytozoidae), which is the first Leucocytozoon parasite identified to species level in hummingbirds. It was found in the Amethyst-throated Sunangel (Heliangelus amethysticollis, Trochilidae, Apodiformes) captured in the Palacio Forest, which belongs to the damping zone of Chingaza National Natural Park, Cundinamarca, Colombia, at 2,900\xc2\xa0m above sea level where the transmission occurs; the new species were found both in the high Andean forest and Paramo ecosystem. This parasite is described based on the morphology of its blood stages, a fragment of the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene, and the complete mitochondrial genome. Illustrations of blood stages of the new species are given, and the phylogenetic analysis places this lineage in a well-supported clade with other lineages of unidentified to species level leucocytozoids reported in the Trochilidae birds elsewhere. The new species possess gametocytes in roundish host cells; it can be readily distinguished from other similar leucocytozoids, primarily due to (1) a comma-like shape of the host cell nucleus, which extended one half or less of the circumference of the gametocyte and (2) a large number of prominent volutin granules in the cytoplasm. Identical mitochondrial cytochrome b sequence of Leucocytozoon quynzae was found in different hummingbird species at the type locality and also was reported in one passerine bird at the highlands of Peru. Leucocytozoon quynzae is the first leucocytozoid parasite described from South American birds; its transmission occurs both at low temperatures and high elevations. We discuss some patterns of distribution of avian leucocytozoids in South America and the role of Gigantodax spp. (Diptera, Simuliidae) as potential vectors of Leucocytozoon parasites in the Andean Region.'

'Juan Mazar Barnett was an Argentinean scientist, considered by many as one of the most talented ornithologists of his generation. His untimely death at the early age of 37 shocked the Neotropical ornithological community. Here, I briefy present highlights of his ornithological career, from his early days in Argentina to his last research interests in NE Brazil. Juan\xe2\x80\x99s areas of research included fve South American countries: Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Chile, where he visited and conducted research in more than 300 localities. He was a prolifc writer, having published 51 peer-reviewed articles and short communications, 12 book reviews, 2 audio guides, a book, and a bird identifcation guide. I present a list of all his publications organized in chronological order, and comment on his most important ornithological fndings. Most of his research was conducted in Brazil (23 publications), followed by Argentina (19), and Paraguay (10). Most of his published research was conducted in the Atlantic Forest (13 publications), followed by the Andes and the Cerrado (7 publications each), the Caatinga (6), Patagonia and the Yungas (5 publications each). His preferred topics of research were: i) biogeography and avian distributions (17 publications); ii) breeding biology and natural history (9); iii) new country records for Argentina, Brazil, or Paraguay (8 publications); iv) taxonomy, including the description of a species new to science (7); v) conservation (5), and vi) rediscoveries of species thought to be extinct or lost to science (4). Since his death in 2012, he has been a co-author on 7 publications (fve of them as first author), showing that his legacy cannot be fully appraised yet. I hope this work will show the amazing legacy left by Juan to other Neotropical ornithologists, particularly for his many friends, who through different initiatives are keeping his memory alive. Hopefully, the new generations will see that conducting feldwork in the Neotropics is among the most rewarding experiences a biologist can have.'

'Altitudinal gradients involve macroclimatic changes that can affect the diversity of several organisms. We tested the effects of elevation and small-scale variables on the diversity and composition of terricolous communities (lichens and bryophytes) in five p\xc3\xa1ramos in southern Ecuador. The altitudinal range considered (from 2700 to 4000 m a.s.l.) is associated with changes in rainfall, temperature and irradiance. At each p\xc3\xa1ramo, forty 40 x 40 cm2 sample plots were randomly selected in similar areas of vegetation (grass p\xc3\xa1ramo) and conservation status. The presence/absence and cover of lichens and bryophytes were recorded in 200 sample plots. A total of 90 species (46 lichens and 44 bryophytes) were identified. Our results showed that total species richness, lichen and bryophyte richness, Simpson\xe2\x80\x99s inverse and Shannon\xe2\x80\x99s index were related to elevation and slope. Nevertheless, the response to elevation was dependent on the organism considered. Thus, meanwhile lichens had their maximum richness at the highest elevation (3930 m a.s.l.), bryophytes had a maximum peak at middle elevation (3300 m a.s.l.). Species composition also differed significantly among the five p\xc3\xa1ramos, especially in bryophytes. We conclude that differences in the elevation of these p\xc3\xa1ramos and small-scale variables such as slope significantly affect the diversity and composition of terricolous communities.'

'Morphological, vocal and genetic studies have shown that the Madeira River and its right bank tributaries delimit populations of primates and birds. We sequenced the cytochrome b gene (approx. 950 bp) for individuals of three suboscine passerine bird species, Glyphorynchus spirurus (Furnariidae), Willisornis poecilinotus (Thamnophilidae) and Schiffornis turdina (Tityridae), on opposite banks of the Madeira River and two of its right-bank tributaries, the Aripuan\xc3\xa3 and Jiparan\xc3\xa1 rivers. Phylogenetic hypotheses (parsimony, maximum likelihood and Bayesian analysis) revealed clades that have over 3.1% genetic differentiation on opposite banks of the Madeira River for G. spirurus, W. poecilinotus and S. turdina, suggesting that this river restricts gene flow among populations of these three species. The Jiparan\xc3\xa1 and Aripuan\xc3\xa3 rivers apparently separate distinct populations of G. spirurus, the smallest species we examined, but not those of the other two heavier bodied species, W. poecilinotus and S. turdina. In G. spirurus four clades with high levels of genetic differentiation (3.2\xe2\x80\x935.5%) were found to be delimited by the three rivers evaluated, whereas in W. poecilinotus and S. turdina no genetic structure across the Jiparan\xc3\xa1 and Aripuan\xc3\xa3 rivers was detected. In general, birds that are known to show population structure across the Madeira tributaries (Glyphorynchus spirurus, Hemitriccus minor, Hypocnemis rondoni, Herpsilochmus stotzi, and Hylophylax naevius) have body masses smaller than those of both Willisornis poecilinotus and Schiffornis turdina, but some exceptions are discussed. Future studies controlling for several variables are necessary to determine the extent to which body mass is a useful predictor of genetic population structure in understory suboscine passerines.'

'BackgroundPleistocene climatic fluctuations are known to be an engine of biotic diversification at higher latitudes, but their impact on highly diverse tropical areas such as the Andes remains less well-documented. Specifically, while periods of global cooling may have led to fragmentation and differentiation at colder latitudes, they may \xe2\x80\x93 at the same time \xe2\x80\x93 have led to connectivity among insular patches of montane tropical habitat with unknown consequences on diversification. In the present study we utilized ~5.5\xc2\xa0kb of DNA sequence data from eight nuclear loci and one mitochondrial gene alongside diagnostic morphological and bioacoustic markers to test the effects of Pleistocene climatic fluctuations on diversification in a complex of Andean tyrant-flycatchers of the genus Elaenia.ResultsPopulation genetic and phylogenetic approaches coupled with coalescent simulations demonstrated disparate levels of gene flow between the taxon chilensis and two parapatric Elaenia taxa predominantly during the last glacial period but not thereafter, possibly on account of downward shifts of montane forest habitat linking the populations of adjacent ridges. Additionally, morphological and bioacoustic analyses revealed a distinct pattern of character displacement in coloration and vocal traits between the two sympatric taxa albiceps and pallatangae, which were characterized by a lack of gene flow.ConclusionOur study demonstrates that global periods of cooling are likely to have facilitated gene flow among Andean montane Elaenia flycatchers that are more isolated from one another during warm interglacial periods such as the present era. We also identify a hitherto overlooked case of plumage and vocal character displacement, underpinning the complexities of gene flow patterns caused by Pleistocene climate change across the Andes.'

'BackgroundThe New World Tropics has experienced a dynamic landscape across evolutionary history and harbors a high diversity of flora and fauna. While there are some studies addressing diversification in Neotropical vertebrates and plants, there is still a lack of knowledge in arthropods. Here we examine temporal and spatial diversification patterns in the damselfly family Polythoridae, which comprises seven genera with a total of 58 species distributed across much of Central and South America.ResultsOur time-calibrated phylogeny for 48 species suggests that this family radiated during the late Eocene (~\xe2\x80\x8933\xe2\x80\x89Ma), diversifying during the Miocene. As with other neotropical groups, the Most Recent Common Ancestor (MRCA) of most of the Polythoridae genera has a primary origin in the Northern Andes though the MRCA of at least one genus may have appeared in the Amazon Basin. Our molecular clock suggests correlations with some major geographical events, and our biogeographical modeling (with BioGeoBEARS and RASP) found a significant influence of the formation of the Pebas and Acre systems on the early diversification of these damselflies, though evidence for the influence of the rise of the different Andean ranges was mixed. Diversification rates have been uniform in all genera except one\xe2\x80\x94Polythore\xe2\x80\x94where a significant increase in the late Pliocene (~\xe2\x80\x893 mya) may have been influenced by recent Andean uplift.ConclusionThe biogeographical models implemented here suggest that the Pebas and Acre Systems were significant geological events associated with the diversification of this damselfly family; while diversification in the tree shows some correlation with mountain building events, it is possible that other abiotic and biotic changes during our study period have influenced diversification as well. The high diversification rate observed in Polythore could be explained by the late uplift of the Northern Andes. However, it is possible that other intrinsic factors like sexual and natural selection acting on color patterns could be involved in the diversification of this genus.'

'This paper synthesizes what is known about the physical and biophysical impacts of climate change and their consequences for societies and development under different levels of global warming in Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC). Projections show increasing mean temperatures by up to 4.5\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C compared to pre-industrial by the end of this century across LAC. Associated physical impacts include altered precipitation regimes, a strong increase in heat extremes, higher risks of droughts and increasing aridity. Moreover, the mean intensity of tropical cyclones, as well as the frequency of the most intense storms, is projected to increase while sea levels are expected to rise by ~0.2\xe2\x80\x931.1\xc2\xa0mm depending on warming level and region. Tropical glacier volume is found to decrease substantially, with almost complete deglaciation under high warming levels. The much larger glaciers in the southern Andes are less sensitive to warming and shrink on slower timescales. Runoff is projected to be reduced in Central America, the southern Amazon basin and southernmost South America, while river discharge may increase in the western Amazon basin and in the Andes in the wet season. However, in many regions, there is uncertainty in the direction of these changes as a result of uncertain precipitation projections and differences in hydrological models. Climate change will also reduce agricultural yields, livestock and fisheries, although there may be opportunities such as increasing rice yield in several LAC countries or higher fish catch potential in the southernmost South American waters. Species range shifts threaten terrestrial biodiversity, and there is a substantial risk of Amazon rainforest degradation with continuing warming. Coral reefs are at increasing risk of annual bleaching events from 2040 to 2050 onwards irrespective of the climate scenario. These physical and biophysical climate change impacts challenge human livelihoods through, e.g., decreasing income from fisheries, agriculture or tourism. Furthermore, there is evidence that human health, coastal infrastructures and energy systems are also negatively affected. This paper concludes that LAC will be severely affected by climate change, even under lower levels of warming, due to the potential for impacts to occur simultaneously and compound one another.'

'Significant advances in our understanding of ancient agricultural practices in the Americas have been made in recent years. This review of the literature focuses on studies published between 1987 and early 1994. Issues pertaining to the transition from foraging to farming include the habitability of the American tropics prior to the development of agriculture, theories on plant domestication and the origins of agriculture, regional syntheses of agricultural development, and the origin, evolution, and dissemination of domesticates in the Americas. Other topics reviewed include new techniques that have recently been applied to the study of prehistoric agriculture in the Americas, various approaches to the study of agricultural change, and ways in which research on ancient agricultural practices is being applied in modern experimental agriculture and rural development projects.'

'Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), DDT and its metabolites, HCH isomers and hexachlorobenzene (HCB) were determined in fish and birds from different locations in the Biobio river basin (central Chile). Samples collected near the mouth of the river contained high concentrations of PCBs, reflecting the massive use of these xenobiotics in the urban and industrial areas of Concepcion and Talcauano. Samples collected in the central part of the basin contained very high concentrations of lindane that coincide with the widespread use of lindane-based pesticides (purified \xce\xb3-HCH) in this area. DDT was distributed homogeneously throughout the basin, except at Laguna Icalma, the source of the river in the Andes. Most PCB residues in fish and birds consisted of congeners between penta- and hepta-chlorobiphenyls. In fish, the predominant congeners were the pentachlorobiphenyl 23\xe2\x80\xb244\xe2\x80\xb25 (IUPAC number 118) and the hexachlorobiphenyl 22\xe2\x80\xb2344\xe2\x80\xb255\xe2\x80\xb2 (PCB-153); in birds 22\xe2\x80\xb244\xe2\x80\xb255\xe2\x80\xb2 (PCB-180) prevailed.'

'A total of 51 new species of birds were described in the ten year period from 1956 to the end of 1965. Among these, 35 can be considered good species. They can be arranged in four groups:Aa New species in new genera (2): 11, 49Ab New species that are not clearly members of a super-species (13): 3, 9, 10, 15, 17, 21, 22, 27, 31, 35, 38, 43, 46Ac Rather distinct allospecies (member of superspecies) (10): 1, 4, 5, 7, 20, 28, 40, 41, 47, 50Ad Allospecies which some authors would consider merely subspecies (10): 2, 6, 14, ?18, 19, 26, 29, 36, 37, 39In addition 16 other binomina were proposed, which \xe2\x80\x94 at this time \xe2\x80\x94 cannot be assigned the status of valid full species. These also fall into four categories:Ba Species inquirendae (4): 12, 23, 30, 42Bb Subspecies (7): 8, 13, 16, 32, 33, 34, 48Bc Hybrid populations (1): 25Bd Synonyms (4): 24, 44, 45, 51It speaks rather highly of the current standards of description in ornithology that so few of the names turned out to be synonyms, although presumably some of the four Species inquirendae will have to be added to this category.35 valid new species in a ten year period indicates that the number of undescribed new species of birds is by no means nearly exhausted, contrary to my earlier predictions. Even if the ten forms of category Ad were all reduced to subspecies rank, it would still leave 25 new species (2.5 per year, 1956\xe2\x80\x931965), a rate as high as that of the preceding fourteen year period (J. Orn., 98:22\xe2\x80\x9335). I know of an additional 17 names published in the five years since 1965. South America, in particular, seems inexhaustible and has produced almost as many novelties (16) as the rest of the entire world (19). Indeed, it seems probable that, in the future, it will produce more novelties than all other continents and island regions together.'

'We used predictive modeling of species distributions to identify conservation priority areas in the equatorial Pacific region of western Ecuador and northwestern Peru. Museum and herbarium data and predictive models of species distributions are increasingly being used to assess the conservation status of individual species. In this study, we assembled occurrence data for 28 species of vascular plants, birds, and mammals to assess the conservation priorities of the set of natural communities that they represent. Environmental variables were used to predict the species\xe2\x80\x99 distributions using correlative modeling as an alternative to point data, which has been the traditional approach to identify critical areas. Specific priority sites for conservation were identified using an area-selection algorithm based on simulated annealing. Four scenarios of prioritization were created using different criteria for the spatial compactness of the selected sites and fragmentation of remnant habitat. The results provide a preliminary assessment of conservation priorities for the dry ecosystems of the Equatorial Pacific region, and will serve as guidelines to focus future fieldwork.'

'Recent studies have improved our understanding of Amazonian geological history during the late Tertiary and Quaternary, two periods regarded as critical for the recent diversification of the Amazonian avifauna. The notion that geologically older and more stable areas of Amazonia (such as the Brazilian and Guianan shields) functioned as \xe2\x80\x9cspecies-pumps\xe2\x80\x9d, whereas geologically more dynamic areas (such as the western Amazonian lowlands) mostly \xe2\x80\x9ccaptured\xe2\x80\x9d part of the diversity generated nearby, was supported by a recent phylogeographic study focusing on a species complex of the genus Xiphorhynchus (Dendrocolaptidae). Here, we review several additional molecular datasets to assess whether this historical scenario can be extended to other lineages of Amazonian birds as well. The datasets reviewed indicated that most lineages of upland forest species found nowadays in western Amazonia are associated with more basal lineages from the Brazilian shield, Guianan shield, and the Andes, indicating a more recent history in this geologically dynamic region. Conversely, lineages associated with seasonally flooded forests seem to have an ancient history in western Amazonia, apparently expanding over the geologically more stable areas only recently. Most sister taxa of the lineages reviewed exhibited levels of pairwise sequence divergence consistent with splitting events dating back to a time frame stretching from the late Miocene to the early Pleistocene, a period when significant physiographic and landscape changes took place in Amazonia. When interpreted together, all the studies reviewed provide evidence that geology and landscape evolution are tightly linked with the timing and mode of differentiation of Amazonian birds.'

'Cunoniaceae are represented in New Caledonia by some 90 species, all of them endemic, and the family is thus a significant element in this diverse island flora. We present a descriptive survey of floral biology for the seven genera present, covering floral structure and colour, inflorescence shape, sexual system and phenology, plus details of floral visitors, where known, based on field observations; individual records of potential pollinators are tabulated in appendices. The flowers are polysymmetric (or almost so) and provide nectar and/or pollen as floral rewards. Two genera are dioecious and some species are mass flowering. Generalist entomophily is associated with several floral syndromes although the introduction of Apis mellifera has partially obscured historic relationships between some Cunoniaceae and their insect-pollinators. Codia and Pancheria both have sweetly scented, often creamish, spherical capitula and their floral visitors include honey bees, beetles, flies and native bees, especially halictids. Spiraeanthemum and Hooglandia have small, often whitish flowers in paniculate inflorescences but data on potential pollinators are few. Racemes occur in Weinmannia (flowers white, apparently scentless) and Cunonia p.p. (flowers white, pink or reddish with a faint foetid odour); visitors are mostly honey bees, plus ants, butterflies and native bees, and occasionally birds in the case of two reddish-flowered species. Ornithophily occurs in Geissois (flowers red, scentless, in bottle-brush racemes) and Cunonia macrophylla (flowers yellow-green, in one-sided racemes); their floral visitors are commonly Meliphagidae plus some Psittacidae and Zosteropidae. Pteropodid bats are also occasional visitors to Geissois. Geckos have been reported as flower-visitors in two genera though their contribution to pollen transfer is likely to be sporadic at most. Topics that require further investigation include some details of floral biology and the floral cycle, and the possible adaptive significance of different inflorescence shapes. Unanswered questions include: What visits taxa with paniculate inflorescences?, and for all genera: Which types of floral visitor are the most efficient pollinators? For the family as a whole, generalist entomophily appears to be the ancestral mode of pollen transfer and morphological specialisations to ornithophily have occurred independently in two groups of species and possibly in a third. Our data on birds and geckos agree with a known trend for these types of floral visitation and pollination to be well developed on islands, and flower-visiting by lizards in New Caledonia is likely to be more common than has been documented so far, both in Cunoniaceae and in the flora as a whole.'

'The Basidiomycota constitutes a major phylum of the kingdom Fungi and is second in species numbers to the Ascomycota. The present work provides an overview of all validly published, currently used basidiomycete genera to date in a single document. An outline of all genera of Basidiomycota is provided, which includes 1928 currently used genera names, with 1263 synonyms, which are distributed in 241 families, 68 orders, 18 classes and four subphyla. We provide brief notes for each accepted genus including information on classification, number of accepted species, type species, life mode, habitat, distribution, and sequence information. Furthermore, three phylogenetic analyses with combined LSU, SSU, 5.8s, rpb1, rpb2, and ef1 datasets for the subphyla Agaricomycotina, Pucciniomycotina and Ustilaginomycotina are conducted, respectively. Divergence time estimates are provided to the family level with 632 species from 62 orders, 168 families and 605 genera. Our study indicates that the divergence times of the subphyla in Basidiomycota are 406\xe2\x80\x93430 Mya, classes are 211\xe2\x80\x93383 Mya, and orders are 99\xe2\x80\x93323 Mya, which are largely consistent with previous studies. In this study, all phylogenetically supported families were dated, with the families of Agaricomycotina diverging from 27\xe2\x80\x93178 Mya, Pucciniomycotina from 85\xe2\x80\x93222 Mya, and Ustilaginomycotina from 79\xe2\x80\x93177 Mya. Divergence times as additional criterion in ranking provide additional evidence to resolve taxonomic problems in the Basidiomycota taxonomic system, and also provide a better understanding of their\nphylogeny and evolution.'

'By comparing results from studies on the response of bird communities to selective logging and fragmentation of tropical moist forest and assessing whether different local faunas are differently affected, this paper examines whether communities in areas of unstable ecoclimatic histories may be more robust to change than those which evolved in places which were paleoecologically stable. Studies on selective logging in Asia and forest fragmentation in Latin America do not confidently demonstrate differences in the resilience of bird communities between stable and unstable areas. However, studies of selective logging and forest fragmentation in Africa give much stronger evidence for differences in fragility of local avifaunas, which correspond to what would be predicted from the paleoecological stability. Unfortunately, the currently available studies do not provide a basis for rigorous testing of the hypothesis. Comparison is constrained by lack of suitable controls, incomparable census methods, inadequate description of the disturbance regimes, and differences in the intensity of disturbance. It is suggested that well coordinated studies in many different areas, with good and standardized documentation of many habitat variables, may have considerable importance.'

'Migratory routes and stopover sites used by migrant landbirds may vary among seasons and years. Understanding the degree of such variation is an important aspect of migrant ecology, especially in South America, where routes and sites are not well known. We studied stopover site use by two Vireo species and three Catharus species in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in northern Colombia during a two-year period. We used capture totals corrected for mist-net effort and density estimates derived from variable distance transect observations performed at sites located at three different altitudes and thus habitats to describe variation in stopover site use. Four of the five study species showed significant seasonal variation in terms of presence, such that ecologically similar species were present during opposite migration periods; for example, Vireo flavoviridis was an autumn migrant, while Vireo olivaceus was commonest in spring. A similar pattern was observed for Catharus fuscescens and Catharus minimus. We detected differences in density with habitat/altitude, with C. minimus and Catharus ustulatus most abundant in pre-montane forest, while C. fuscescens abundance peaked in lowland forest. At the same altitude, Catharus species were more abundant in pre-montane forest than in shade coffee plantations. The abundance of C. ustulatus varied markedly between years during autumn migration, potentially in association with changes in the prevailing wind conditions. The temporal and spatial variation in stopover site use described here provides important insights into migratory strategies for Neotropical migrants within northern South America, and also regarding the multiple factors that may have shaped these strategies.'

'\nQuestions concerning the availability of resources in tropical rain forests have given rise to the current debate centering on whether human subsistence based solely on foraging is possible in these biomes without agricultural subsidies. This paper takes the position that changing perspectives on ecological pattern and process in tropical forests and the significant variation among tropical forests on a worldwide as well as regional scale must be taken into consideration. Human disturbance is also proposed as a cause of dependence on agriculture by modern human foragers rather than as a necessary precondition for successful exploitation of the tropical forest. These issues are discussed against the background of a case study of the Yuqu\xc3\xad, who, until very recently, were true foragers in the Bolivian Amazon. For the Yuqu\xc3\xad, the sustainability of their subsistence system depended on a finegrained knowledge of their environment and the freedom of movement over a large territory to access resources within it.'

' We compared foraging behavior of foliage-gleaning birds of the boreal forest of two Palaearctic (central Siberia and European Russia) and two Nearctic (Mackenzie and Ontario, Canada) sites. Using discriminant function analysis on paired sites we were able to distinguish foliage-gleaning species from the Nearctic and Palaearctic with few misclassifications. The two variables that most consistently distinguished species of the two avifaunas were the percentage use of conifer foliage and the percentage use of all foliage. Nearctic foliage-gleaner assemblages had more species that foraged predominantly from coniferous foliage and displayed a greater tendency to forage from foliage, both coniferous and broad-leafed, rather than twigs, branches, or other substrates. The greater specialization on foliage and, in particular, conifer foliage by New World canopy foliage insectivores is consistent with previously proposed hypotheses regarding the role of Pleistocene vegetation history on ecological generalization of Eurasian species. Boreal forest, composed primarily of spruce and pine, was widespread in eastern North America, whereas pockets of forest were scattered in Eurasia (mostly the mountains of southern Europe and Asia). This may have affected the populations of birds directly or indirectly through reduction in the diversity and abundance of defoliating outbreak insects. Loss of habitat and resources may have selected against ecological specialization on these habitats and resources.'

"Little is known on the biogeography of Rotifera, particularly regarding the littoral taxa. Here, the biogeography of the most specious group of littoral Rotifera, Lecane, is discussed based on a recent revision of the group, and considering only verified records.Only 41.3% of all 167 Lecane morphospecies are widely distributed. Of these, 21 (12.6%) are cosmopolitan (sensu strictu), 26 (15.6%) are Tropicopolitan. There are 6 (3.6%) Arctic-temperate and Pantropical taxa. These categories of widely distributed taxa are not clear-cut, as differences in latitudinal distribution are largely gradual. Ten taxa have odd distributions. Most of these are insufficiently known and some may be recent introductions.All the major zoogeographical regions have their share of endemic taxa, with endemicity rates varying from 6.5% to 21.8%. Thirteen Holarctic, one widespread Eastern hemisphere, eleven Palaearctic, six Palaeotropical, one Australasian and five widespread Western hemisphere taxa have circumscribed ranges encompassing more than one region. The Palaeotropical and Holarctic components are particularly noteworthy, and may result from relatively recent faunal exchange between the Palaearctic and Nearctic, and between the African, Oriental and Australian regions. The different orientation of the major mountain chains of the Eastern and Western hemisphere, and the presence of extensive arid regions in Northern Africa, Arabia and Asia may explain the difference in faunal similarity between the tropical and temperate faunas of the Eastern and Western hemispheres. Ornithochoric dispersal and human introductions may have played a role in the exchange of faunas.The analysis of pairs or groups of closely related taxa only rarely reveals a causal relation between tectonical events and phylogeny. Most vicariant distributions are readily explained by climatological rather than by tectonical considerations. The ranges of some closely related taxa indicate that they have different capacities of dispersal.When compared to pelagic Rotifera, littoral Lecane exhibit a relatively wide variety of distribution patterns, and relatively many have restricted distributions. This may be a consequence of, either or both, their lower abundance, or be related to the littoral habitat which, being less predictable, implies more specific adaptations. Lecane is tropic-centred, which may be a consequence of avoidance of competition and/or predation by \xe2\x80\x98Cladocera\xe2\x80\x99 and, eventually, Ostracoda.The most striking feature in rotifer chorology is the large range of many morphospecies. As such, the group's biogeography is more similar to that of freshwater algae than to that of other freshwater zooplankton. The likely explanations for this are the group's great ability for passive dispersal, combined with a short life-cycle and high fecundity, which are consequences of their parthenogenetic reproduction. So, relatively recent long-distance dispersal defines the ranges of the morphospecies. Vicariance plays a role in the distribution of Rotifera, but its importance is generally subordinate to that of dispersal. However, insufficient taxonomic resolution may be responsible for the apparently large ranges of some morphospecies."

'Temperate forests of southern South America are globally important because of their high level of endemism. I argue here that within southern South America, rainforests of the Chilean Coastal Range should be the primary target for new conservation efforts. Historically, most protected areas in southern South America have been designated to preserve forests above 600 m, mainly in the Andes. However, Coastal Range forests have higher species richness and are under greater threat than Andean forests at similar latitudes. Coastal forests are characterized by the presence of numerous narrow-range endemics, among them two monotypic plant families. The higher frequency of endemic species in Coastal Range forests is attributed to its more stable biogeographic history compared to the Andes, particularly during the glacial events of the Quaternary. Due to the extent of human impact, the remaining fragments of coastal forests are quite distant from one another, and are disconnected from the larger protected areas of Andean forests. Only 439000 ha of Valdivian coastal forest still remain, including some remnants of primary forest. New private or public reserves should be created to protect the last remnants of continuous forest remaining on the Coastal Range of the Valdivian region (40\xe2\x80\x9342\xc2\xb0 S). A different conservation strategy should be applied north of 40\xc2\xb0 S, where protected areas are too small and fragments are too scattered to maintain viable populations of most vertebrates. In this latter area, I recommend expanding existing reserves, restoring native forests, and interconnecting remnant forests through a corridor network.'

'South American archaeologists use the term landscape to analyze a broad range of relationships. Examples include intensive agriculture and political power, myth and place, and climate change and cultural development. Landscape archaeology is necessarily spatial analysis, but scholars work at different scales and use different methods. This essay highlights the influence of geography, anthropology, and new methodologies on four definitions of landscape: ecological habitat, built environment, a stage for performance, and integrating subsistence and settlement. In a number of cases, landscape archaeologists, stakeholders, and researchers from different traditions work at different scales to meaningfully share information, clarify their differences, and compare their analyses and conclusions.'

'Siona-Secoya hunters of the northwest Amazon strive to maximize short-term yields to provision their households with meat. The observed patterns of hunting more closely resemble the predictions of optimal foraging theory (OFT) than they do a conservation ethic. In the past the Siona-Secoya worried little about conservation because they believed that good shamans attracted abundant game. When hunting was poor, shamans performedyag\xc3\xa9 ceremonies and appealed to supernatural gamekeepers for the release of more animals from the underworld. The sustainability of Siona-Secoya hunting was aided by factors such as low human population density, dispersed settlements within large hunting territories, settlement movement, and limited hunting technology. Today, increasing involvement in the national economy is leading the Siona-Secoya to invest more time in agriculture and wage labor, and less in traditional foraging activities. Colonization, deforestation, and industrial pollution now pose the greatest threats to wildlife in eastern Ecuador. Because of these changes, the Siona-Secoya are becoming interested in environmental protection and conservation. Several of their efforts to protect forest resources and mitigate pollution are discussed and evaluated.'

'Human activities in the Sabana de Bogot\xc3\xa1, Colombia, release toxic metals such as lead (Pb) and chromium (Cr) into the environment polluting the air, water, and soil. Because birds are in contact with these pollutants and their sources, they may serve as bioindicator organisms. We evaluated the use of hummingbird feathers obtained from individuals captured in three sites of the Sabana de Bogot\xc3\xa1 as bioindicators of toxic metal pollution using spectrophotometric and spectroscopic methods based on single-feather samples. We also characterized the bacterial microbiota associated with hummingbird feathers by molecular identification using the 16S rRNA with a special focus on sporulated bacteria. Finally, we described the interactions which naturally occur among the feathers, their associated bacteria, and pollutants. We found differences in Pb and Cr concentrations between sampling sites, which ranged from 2.11 to 4.69\xc2\xa0ppm and 0.38 to 3.00\xc2\xa0ppm, respectively. This may reflect the impact of the activities held in those sites which release pollutants to the environment. Bacterial assemblages mainly consisted of sporulated bacilli in the Bacillaceae family (65.7\xc2\xa0% of the identified morphotypes). We conclude that the feathers of wild tropical birds, including hummingbirds, can be used as lead and chromium bioindicators and that bacteria growing on feathers may in fact interact with these two toxic metals.'

'Nearly all of the species diversity in Piperaceae is encompassed within Piper and Peperomia. Both genera are pan-tropical with areas of diversification in the Neotropics and Southeast Asia. Piperaceae are less diverse in Africa with only two native species of Piper. This study examines the distribution of both Piper and Peperomia with representative samples from the Neotropics, Asia, Pacific Islands, and Africa. Molecular dating is used to place an age for the crown clades of Piper and Peperomia as well as ages for diversification within the clades. Both genera have origins in the late Cretaceous, but species level diversification occurred much later in the Tertiary. Biogeography of both genera are correlated with paleoclimate evidence to better explain the distribution and diversification of these large genera.'

'The Lake Titicaca Basin provides a fascinating case study for examining the prehistoric rise of complexity and archaic state development. The development of the Tiwanaku state and preceding polities involved conjunctions of regional environmental, socioeconomic, and ideological transformations. Significant social, economic, and ideological diversity characterized each major phase, indicating that the creation of inclusive domains of shared values, practices, and identities was critical to the formation of polities in the region. Tiwanaku and its precursors were, in great part, incorporative sociopolitical phenomena in which social diversity remained vital throughout their histories.'

'We examined seasonal patterns of spatial variation in understory bird assemblages across a mosaic of upland and floodplain forests in central Amazonia, where variation in flooding patterns and floodwater nutrient load shapes a marked spatial heterogeneity in forest structure and composition. Despite great differences in productivity due to flooding by either nutrient-rich \xe2\x80\x9cwhite waters\xe2\x80\x9d (v\xc3\xa1rzea) or nutrient-poor \xe2\x80\x9cblack waters\xe2\x80\x9d (igap\xc3\xb3), bird assemblages in the two floodplain forest types were relatively similar, showing lower abundances than adjacent upland forests (terra firme) and sharing a set of species that were absent or scarce elsewhere. Species that breed in pensile nests overhanging water were abundant in floodplain forests, whereas species that feed on the ground were generally scarce. Flooding affected assemblage dynamics in floodplain forests, with some influx of ground-dwelling species such as ant-following birds from adjacent upland during the low-water season, and the occupation by riverine and aquatic species such as kingfishers during floods. Spatial configuration influenced the seasonal pattern of assemblage structuring, with movements from terra firme occurring primarily to adjacent igap\xc3\xb3 forests. No such influx was detected in v\xc3\xa1rzea forests that were farther from terra firme and isolated by wide river channels. Results support the view that habitat heterogeneity created by flooding strongly contributes to maintain diverse vertebrate assemblages in Amazonia forest landscapes, even in the case of largely sedentary species such as understory forest birds. Including both upland and floodplain forests in Amazonia reserves may thus be essential to preserve bird diversity at the landscape scale.'

'High- to mid-elevation streams are often oligotrophic, but harbor diverse groups of aquatic animals that can satisfy a substantial proportion of nutrient demand. Therefore, we tested the proportion of nutrient demand met by two dominant guilds of animal consumers in the Andes to ask: (1) Do excretion rates vary between insects and fish in montane tropical stream ecosystems? (2) What consumer guild dominates areal nutrient regeneration? (3) What is the nutrient demand and what proportion are consumer taxa regenerating? We combined aquatic insect and fish biomass estimates with measured excretion rates of two fish species (one native, one introduced) and six aquatic insects and estimated nutrient demand in streams by conducting nutrient uptake measurements. Insect taxa had higher per-capita excretion rates than fish and had higher excretion N:P. Aquatic insect biomass tended to be higher than fish biomass and consequently total areal excretion rates by insects were higher. Collectively, communities contributed up to 15\xe2\x80\x9324% of NH4\xe2\x80\x93N demand and 1\xe2\x80\x9319% of SRP demand. The additive effect of these groups on nutrient availability is likely an important function in low-nutrient tropical streams. Further work needs to be conducted to examine the interactions within entire communities and consequential impacts on nutrient cycling.'

"Development projects in tropical forests can impact biodiversity.Assessment and monitoring programs based on the principles of adaptive management assist managers to identify and reduce suchimpacts. The small mammal community is one important component ofa forest ecosystem that may be impacted by development projects. In 1996, a natural gas exploration project was initiated in a Peruvian rainforest. The Smithsonian Institution's Monitoring andAssessment of Biodiversity program cooperated with Shell Prospecting and Development Peru to establish an adaptive management program to protect the region's biodiversity. In thisarticle, we discuss the role of assessing and monitoring small mammals in relation to the natural gas project. We outline theconceptual issues involved in establishing an assessment andmonitoring program, including setting objectives, evaluating the results and making appropriate decisions. We also summarizethe steps taken to implement the small mammal assessment, provideresults from the assessment and discuss protocols to identifyappropriate species for monitoring."

'Altitudinal migration and dispersal is an important component of the life history of several temperate and tropical birds but remains poorly understood due to the limited success of mark and recapture techniques. Stable isotopes of hydrogen (\xce\xb4D) in rainfall, and to a lesser extent, carbon (\xce\xb413C) in plants are known to change with altitude and hence may provide the basis of a technique for tracking the altitudinal movements in birds and other wildlife. We investigated the potential for this technique by measuring \xce\xb413C, \xce\xb4D, and \xce\xb415N values in tail feathers of eight species of hummingbirds (Phaethornis malaris, P. syrmatophorus, P. guy, Adelomyia melanogenys, Coeligena torquata, C. lutetiae, Metallura baroni, M. williami) along an altitudinal gradient (300\xe2\x80\x933,290\xc2\xa0m asl) in the Andes Mountains of Ecuador. Feather \xce\xb413C and \xce\xb4D values were correlated and each changed significantly with elevation above 400\xc2\xa0m. In general, we found good agreement between feather \xce\xb4D values and those predicted from a generalized relationship of precipitation and surface water \xce\xb4D with altitude. Similarly, feather \xce\xb413C values showed an enrichment of ~1.5\xe2\x80\xb0 per 1,000\xc2\xa0m over the linear portion of the elevational response. Stable-nitrogen isotope values were variable, and so did not provide useful information on elevation in birds, apart from trophic effects. Overall there appears to be good potential for using the (\xce\xb4D, \xce\xb413C) stable isotope approach to track altitudinal movements and to elucidate previously unrecognized patterns of life history variation in both temperate and tropical species that migrate across elevational isotopic gradients.'

'Here we review the distribution of the Crested Eagle (Morphnus guianensis) in the Americas, and based on the Brazilian Harpy Eagle Conservation Program (PCGR) database, literature, online databases, zoos, wild and museum records, we provide an updated distribution map with 37 points outside the IUCN map; 16 were recorded close to the border of the map (up to 40 km), and do not expand or contribute to the distribution map. Far from the border (>40 km) we found 21 records, contributing to an expansion of the known range and habitat. At the northernmost extreme of distribution, the range was extended to southern Mexico; in Nicaragua, the range extension was farther south in the north, and two records extend the range to the southern border with Costa Rica. In Colombia, an old specimen is located between Darien Peninsula and the Perija Mountains. In Brazil a record from the ecotone between Cerrado and Gallery Forest, and another in an upland remnant of Atlantic Rainforest, expands the range towards central and southeastern Brazil, and to the Northeast, old records could expand the Atlantic Rainforest distribution towards the interior.'

'Spanish settlement of the southern Peruvian coastal river valleys and the introduction of new agricultural and industrial enterprises such as wineries and livestock haciendas altered indigenous systems of production and subsistence. A unique pattern of Spanish colonial animal use emerged as a result of introductions of Old World domesticates in combination with the faunal resources of the Central Andes. Zooarchaeological data from four Spanish colonial wineries from the Moquegua valley and the late prehistoric/colonial site of Torata Alta indicate that colonial economy and subsistence combined Old World domestic mammals and South American camelids\xe2\x80\x94llamas, alpacas. In comparison to Spanish settlement in Florida and the Caribbean, the pattern of animal use that developed in the south Central Andes reflects little reliance on local resources. Colonial Andean foodways more closely parallel those of the Iberian peninsula than other areas of Spanish settlement.'

Abstract not available

'This paper reviews the biogeography, geographic variation, and habitat characteristics of the Amazilia Hummingbird (Amazilia amazilia). Based on morphological features, habitat preferences, and bioacoustics, I propose that the currently recognized subspeciesA. a. alticola should be regarded as a species distinct fromA. amazilia. Synapomorphic characters found in both taxa indicate membership of the same superspecies, together with the Colombian speciesA. castaneiventris. Considering the distributional focus ofA. alticola in the Andes of southern Ecuador, the English species name Loja Hummingbird is suggested.'

Abstract not available

'TheOxalis tuberosa alliance is a group of morphologically similarOxalis species allied to the Andean tuber crop oca,O. tuberosa. Originally described by cytologists as a dozen species sharing a base chromosome number rare inOxalis (x = 8), the alliance as defined here includes additional species for which cytological information is not yet available but which are supported as members on molecular and/or morphological grounds. The alliance includes members found in the Andean region from Venezuela to northern Argentina, with one species at high elevations in Central America. They occur from the high Andean steppes (p\xc3\xa1ramo and puna) to the cloud forests of middle elevations and include both restricted endemics and variable widespread species complexes.Geographical and altitudinal distributions of members of the alliance and selectedOxalis species outside the alliance were compared with a combined phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequence data of ITS and ncpGS (chloroplast-expressed glutamine synthetase). Groups within the alliance (i.e., major clades on the molecular trees) occur across widespread, overlapping regions in the Andes, with only partial ecological separation. The hypothesis that theO. tuberosa alliance may have developed in the Andes of southern Peru and northwestern Bolivia and radiated southward and, especially, northward along the Andean axis is suggested by patterns of distributions of members of the alliance and outgroups. In spite of uncertain species delimitations, it is clear that the alliance includes many endemic species and ecotypes that have very restricted distributions. As relatives of the Andean tuber cropOxalis tuberosa, the genetic diversity represented by this geographical variability should be a high priority for conservation.'

'In this study, we infer the phylogeny of the recently described epiphytic fern genus Serpocaulon. Four regions of the plastid genome were sequenced for 68 samples, representing 31 of ca. 40 currently accepted species of this genus. The reconstructed phylogeny supports most of the previously proposed clades, but more exhaustive studies are needed to improve species delimitation in several terminal clades. A further objective of this study was to determine the utility of amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) data to study the diversification of species complexes. Independent analyses of data sets based on chloroplast DNA sequences or AFLPs resulted in phylogenetic trees with similar topologies, but showed also some notable differences. We present an explicit hypothesis of the biogeographic history of Serpocaulon. All reconstructed phylogenies suggest an origin of this genus in the Bolivian\xe2\x80\x93Brazilian region and indicate a major role of the Bolivian Andes as a stepping-stone in the colonization of northern regions of the Andes. The majority of the extant species diversity of this almost exclusively epiphytic fern clade is likely the result of an adaptive radiation that was triggered by the colonization of Andean mountain forest habitats (above 2,000\xc2\xa0m). This is the first report of a Bolivian origin of fern diversification in Andean mountain habitats using phylogenetic evidence.'

'Excavation of a midden in the city of Cuenca, Ecuador, revealed faunal remains from a 17th-century elite urban family residence. this faunal data, combined with archival research on the Pe\xc3\xb1as/Ruiz family, demonstrates that the family raised sheep, cattle, and pigs for sale to the urban market in Cuenca. The absence of camelid and guinea pig remains in this faunal assemblage demonstrates that Eurasian ungulates were favored meat animals at this urban, Andean colonial-elite site.'

'Vegetative and floral features ofCajophora coronata (Loasaceae) suggest adaptations to pollination by rodents: (1) mammal guard represented by a covering of stinging hairs; (2) geoflory; (3) white corolla; (4) open flowers with copious low concentration nectar; (5) abundant pollen; (6) maximum pollen and nectar presentation in the afternoon hours and in the night. Palynological analysis revealed pollen loads ofC. coronata on the nostrils and whiskers of captured rodents (Graomys griseoflavus, fam.Muridae). Pollen and anther remains were also found in faeces sampled in the surroundings. Additional evidence includes rodent footprints obtained by placing smoked plates beneath the flowers, which revealed flower visitation during the night. These observations are to our knowledge the first evidence of flower visitation by rodents in South America and the first in the New World outside the range of flower bats and bat flowers.'

'Photosynthetic productivity is a key determinant of the abundance and distribution of biodiversity around the world. The effect of this productivity on the distribution patterns of mammals is frequently invoked; however, it is seldom measured directly. In this study, we used Sherman live traps set in dry and rainy seasons across a 2300-m elevation gradient in southwestern Mexico to assess small rodent species distributions, and to relate these patterns to habitat structure, climate, and a well-accepted measure of photosynthetic productivity: the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI). While habitat structure and climate helped explain some of the patterns observed, NDVI proved to be the most important contributing variable for most of the distribution models. We also found that partitioning the gradient-distribution model by trapping season revealed strong differences in terms of the effect of NDVI and the other explanatory variables. For example, lower elevations were associated with seasonal and year-round reductions in rodent diversity and were composed almost exclusively of granivore-based species assemblages. By contrast, the middle and upper elevations were more species rich, less affected by seasonality, and characterized by omnivorous species. Our results suggest that the positive productivity\xe2\x80\x93diversity relationship found may be due, at least in part, to increased food resources and niche opportunities at more productive elevations. Increased diversity at the higher elevations may also be partially due to reductions in competition that result from productivity increases, as well as from the broader spectrum of feeding guild representation that it and the lack of seasonality allow.'

'I propose a methodology to obtain and compare integral information on bird plumage coloration, using colour spectral data to conduct studies on geographic variation and taxonomy of different bird groups. I used principal component analysis and discriminant function analysis to compare groups of individuals by plumage coloration. As examples of the application of the methodology, I compared populations within the genus Eulampis and Anthracothorax. The results indicate possible taxonomic inadequacies and reveal situations that deserve further analysis, demonstrating the potential of the methodology in this area.'

'Roads are an increasingly common feature of forest landscapes all over the world, and while information accumulates regarding the impacts of roads globally, there remains a paucity of information within tropical regions. Here we investigate the potential for biodiversity impacts from an unmarked road within a rainforest protected area in Western Amazonia. We focus on three key taxonomic groups; amphibians, butterflies and birds, each of which have been shown to be both sensitive and reliable indicators of forest disturbance. In total, 315 amphibians of 26 different species, 348 butterflies of 65 different species, 645 birds representing 77 different species were captured using mist netting and 877 bird records representing 79 different species were recorded using point counts. We provide evidence to show that the presence of a small unmarked road significantly altered levels of faunal species richness, diversity, relative abundance and community structure. This was true to a varying degree for all three taxa, up to and potentially beyond 350\xc2\xa0m into the forest interior. Responses to the road were shown to be taxon specific. We found increasing proximity to the road had a negative effect on amphibian and understorey bird communities, whilst butterfly and overall diurnal bird communities responded positively. We show that the impact on biodiversity extends up to at least 32\xc2\xa0% of the whole reserve area; a serious impact under any scenario. This work provides support for recently voiced calls to limit networks of unmarked roads in order to realistically and effectively preserve natural levels of tropical biodiversity.'

'A population of 166 lichens of Xanthoparmelia vagans (Nylander) Hale, an obligatory erratic species, was investigated at 4530 m in the Venezuelan Andes. Lichen size and shape were strongly correlated; larger specimens were less spherical and compact than smaller ones. This was related to a greater frequency of disturbance \xe2\x80\x93 mainly by wind and frost \xe2\x80\x93 of small lichens, which are transported more easily than larger, heavy ones. Constant movement produces nearly spherical specimens, but as lichens grow larger, they are rotated less frequently and rest on a single side for increasingly longer periods; these immobile lichens become progressively more flattened and lenticular in shape. Many large lichens had two distinctive sides, an \xe2\x80\x98upper\xe2\x80\x99 and a \xe2\x80\x98lower\xe2\x80\x99 one, with different coloration. The upper face was pale yellowish green to olive gray (Munsell 5Y 8/4\xe2\x80\x935/2), the lower one black to very dark brown (10YR 2/1\xe2\x80\x932/2). Small lichens usually showed no differences between sides. Color variation is also induced by lichen movement. In frequently rotating lichens, thalli grow evenly in all directions due to a uniform insolation. In stationary lichens, thalli remain permanently oriented facing upwards, and their upper and lower sides diverge in coloration. The largest lichens break up easily. Some large specimens were in the process of fragmentation; these had a distinctive \xe2\x80\x98kidney\xe2\x80\x99-shaped form. Experimental splitting of 16 lichens showed that reduction in size by fragmentation also results in more equant specimens than the original ones. Laboratory experiments on aeolian transport indicated that wind speeds in the paramo are capable of carrying the erratic lichens, but soil areas covered by soil nubbins (miniature mounds produced by needle ice) can trap moving lichens, and greater wind velocities are then needed to re-mobilize them. Lichens were able to quickly absorb and store large amounts of water. Large lichens retained less water than small ones, but lost moisture at much slower rates. Needle-ice growth delivers water to the paramo soil surface, where lichens can readily imbibe it. The water relations of Xanthoparmelia, considered to be ecologically crucial for lichen growth and survival, are discussed in detail.'

"PurposeIn Ecuador, knowledge of the diversity and geographic distribution of ticks, as well as their importance as vectors, is scarce. Within the family Ixodidae, the genus Amblyomma is the most diverse and parasitizes wild and domestic animals. This genus is represented by 19 species in Ecuador, 12 of which occur in the continental territory and 7 in the Galapagos Islands. In this way, the objective of this work was to update the diversity of ticks reported for Ecuador on wild and domestic animals.MethodsThe specimens were collected manually on mammals and birds, in four localities belonging to the Sierra and Amazon of Ecuador and were kept in tubes with 96% ethyl alcohol. After that, all specimens were separated into immatures, males and females and were identified using their morphological characters.ResultsThis study records Amblyomma coelebs Neumann, 1899, Amblyomma longirostre (Koch, 1844) Neumann, 1905 and Amblyomma varium Koch, 1844 for the first time in Ecuador. Thus, the genus Amblyomma is currently represented by 22 species. In addition, their hosts, distribution, and importance are also discussed.ConclusionsKnowing the diversity of ticks that wildlife possesses, its interrelation with the domestic fauna, and the possible pathogens that could be transmitting could significantly contribute to wildlife's conservation."

'Palaeodietary isotope studies have long assumed C4 signals in South American archaeological populations to be due to the consumption of maize (Zea mays), which in turn, underlie interpretations important social processes. We presents \xce\xb413C data from wild plants (n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x8989) from the south coast of Peru, which may have been significant in the diets of humans and animals in the past. A combination of these with previously published results from domesticates of the Andean region (n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x89144) brings the proportion of C4 species likely to have contributed to the human dietary isotopic signal, whether directly or indirectly, to almost one third. This undermines the widespread assumption that maize is the only plant to contribute a C4 signal to diets. By considering both direct and indirect routes whereby C4 plants may have contributed to the human isotopic signal we show the need for a reassessment of how palaeodietary studies are interpreted in the Andes, and perhaps elsewhere in the Americas.'

'The Rufous-tailed Hummingbird (Amazilia tzacatl De la Llave, 1832), a widespread inhabitant of Central America and NW South America, currently comprises two subspecies (A. t. tzacatl andA. t. jucunda). Another taxon of the species complex isA. t. handleyi (Wetmore, 1963), initially described as an allospecies but here regarded only as a subspecies ofA. tzacatl. Based on diverging morphological features, the amount of geographical variation ofA. tzacatl in its South American range suggests the distinction of further populations. As a taxonomical consequence, we recognize the validity ofA. t. fuscicaudata (Fraser, 1840), and describe a new subspecies,A. t. brehmi subspec. nov., from Nari\xc3\xb1o, Colombia.'

"In 1996, the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute and the Republic of Panama's Environmental Authority, with support fromthe United States Agency for International Development, undertook a comprehensive program to monitor the ecosystem of the Panama Canal watershed. The goals were to establish baselineindicators for the integrity of forest communities and rivers. Based on satellite image classification and ground surveys, the2790 km2 watershed had 1570 km2 of forest in 1997, 1080 km2 of which was in national parks and nature monuments. Most of the 490 km2 of forest not currently in protected areas lies along the west bank of the Canal, and its managementstatus after the year 2000 turnover of the Canal from the U.S. to Panama remains uncertain. In forest plots designed to monitorforest diversity and change, a total of 963 woody plant specieswere identified and mapped. We estimate there are a total of 850\xe2\x80\x931000 woody species in forests of the Canal corridor. Forestsof the wetter upper reaches of the watershed are distinct in species composition from the Canal corridor, and have considerably higher diversity and many unknown species. Theseremote areas are extensively forested, poorly explored, and harbor an estimated 1400\xe2\x80\x932200 woody species. Vertebrate monitoring programs were also initiated, focusing on species threatened by hunting and forest fragmentation. Large mammals are heavily hunted in most forests of Canal corridor, and therewas clear evidence that mammal density is greatly reduced in hunted areas and that this affects seed predation and dispersal. The human population of the watershed was 113 000 in 1990, and grew by nearly 4% per year from 1980 to 1990. Much of this growth was in a small region of the watershed on the outskirts of Panama City, but even rural areas, including villages near and within national parks, grew by 2% per year. There is no sewage treatment in the watershed, and many towns have no trashcollection, thus streams near large towns are heavily polluted. Analyses of sediment loads in rivers throughout the watershed did not indicate that erosion has been increasing as a result ofdeforestation, rather, erosion seems to be driven largely by total rainfall and heavy rainfall events that cause landslides.Still, models suggest that large-scale deforestation would increase landslide frequency, and failure to detect increases inerosion could be due to the gradual deforestation rate and the short time period over which data are available. A study of runoff showed deforestation increased the amount of water fromrainfall that passed directly into streams. As a result, dry season flow was reduced in a deforested catchment relative to aforested one. Currently, the Panama Canal watershed has extensive forest areasand streams relatively unaffected by humans. But impacts of hunting and pollution near towns are clear, and the burgeoningpopulation will exacerbate these impacts in the next few decades.Changes in policies regarding forest protection and pollution control are necessary."

'The prospects for persistence of bees living in fragmented landscapes is a topic of considerable interest due to bees\xe2\x80\x99 importance as pollinators of agricultural crops and wild plants, coupled with the ubiquity of native habitat loss and evidence that bees may be declining worldwide. Population persistence in fragmented areas depends on dispersal potential and maintenance of gene flow among fragments of habitat. Here we used population genetic techniques to characterize, for two equally abundant orchid bee species that differ in their physiology and ecology, levels of genetic differentiation among fragments of tropical forest in southeastern Costa Rica in a ~200\xc2\xa0km2 landscape. We measured population differentiation with \xcf\x95PT (an analogue to the traditional summary statistic Fst), as well as two measures that may more accurately reflect the level of differentiation when highly variable loci are used: G\xe2\x80\x99st and Dest. We also calculated pairwise genetic distances among individuals and conducted Mantel tests to test the correlation of genetic and geographic distance, for each species. We found strong differences in genetic structure between the species. Contrary to our expectations, each measure of genetic structure revealed that the larger-bodied species, Eulaema bombiformis, had higher levels of differentiation than the smaller species, Euglossa championi. Furthermore, for Eulaema bombiformis there was a significant positive correlation of genetic and geographic distance while for Euglossa championi there was no significant positive correlation. Our results demonstrate that bee species can have strikingly different levels of gene flow in fragmented habitats, and that body size may not always act as a useful proxy for dispersal, even in closely related taxa.'

'Paleovegetation maps were reconstructed based on a network of pollen records from Australia, New Zealand, and southern South America for 18 000, 12000, 9000, 6000, and 3000 BP and interpreted in terms of paleoclimatic patterns. These patterns permitted us to speculate on past atmospheric circulation in the South Pacific and the underlying forcing missing line mechanisms. During full glacial times, with vastly extended Australasian land area and circum-Antarctic ice-shelves, arid and cold conditions characterized all circum-South Pacific land areas, except for a narrow band in southern South America (43\xc2\xb0 to 45\xc2\xb0S) that might have been even wetter and moister than today. This implies that ridging at subtropical and mid-latitudes must have been greatly increased and that the storm tracks were located farther south than today. At 12000 BP when precipitation had increased in southern Australia, New Zealand, and the mid-latitudes of South America, ridging was probably still as strong as before but had shifted into the eastern Pacific, leading to weaker westerlies in the western Pacific and more southerly located westerlies in the eastern Pacific. At 9000 BP when, except for northernmost Australia, precipitation reached near modern levels, the south Pacific ridges and the westerlies must have weakened. Because of the continuing land connection between New Guinea and Australia, and reduced seasonality, the monsoon pattern had still not developed. By 6000 BP, moisture levels in Australia and New Zealand reached their maximum, indicating that the monsoon pattern had become established. Ridging in the South Pacific was probably weaker than today, and the seasonal shift of the westerlies was stronger than before. By 3000 BP essentially modern conditions had been achieved, characterized by patterns of high seasonal variability.'

'During World War II some professional botanists and graduate students who were drafted, enlisted, or commissioned in the armed forces were fortunate to be able to use their training directly or indirectly. This was especially true for the Pacific theatre. Others served their country as civilians. The roles of botanists in the military ranged from teaching or research to participation in combat or support operations. A few botanists in uniform, in spite of their occupational obligations, were able to collect botanical specimens and were encouraged to do so by civilian museum personnel. The best known projects for botanists as civilians involved the search for native supplies of strategic raw materials, particularlyCinchona andHevea, whileCryptostegia and Guayule, as possible sources of latex, were grown on plantations and studied in detail.Tropical problems of fungal deterioration of fabrics and optical equipment involved primarily civilian botanists in both military and academic laboratories. Some older botanists and those deferred for marital, dependent, or physical reasons served as instructors in regular academic programs or the special college programs for military personnel.This paper is a summary of the contributions of botanists from the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand to the war effort in the Pacific theatre during World War II.'

'Three fragmented rain forests and one primary forest in southern Yunnan were plotted. The microclimate and soil conditions of these forests were also studied. The following conclusions were drawn: (1) The microclimatic differences between inside and outside forest are less in the fragmented forests than in the primary forest, which indicates that the buffer effects to climatic change have been reduced in the fragmented forests. The soil has deteriorated to some extent due to forest fragmentation. (2) In species composition, especially the abundance of some species and the dominant ranks of some families have changed with fragmentation. Barringtonia macrostachya, the most dominant species in the control primary forest, disappeared from the fragmented forests, while Antiaris toxicaria, which is a characteristic but not dominant species in the primary forest, is dominant in fragmented forests. (3) The total number of species per plot was reduced in the fragmented forests and the more seriously disturbed the fragment was, the more the species richness diminished. (4) In life form spectra, the liana and microphanerophyte species increased, but epiphyte, megaphanerophyte, mesophanerophyte and chamaephyte species decreased in the fragmented forests. (5) The plant species diversity is generally lower in the fragmented forests than in the primary forest, although for some life forms it could be higher. (6) The tree species with small populations could be lost first in the process of rain forest fragmentation. (7) The heliophilous or pioneer tree species increased and the shade-tolerant species were reduced in the fragmented forests.'

'Human transport and commerce have led to an increased spread of non-indigenous species. Alien invasive species can have major impacts on many aspects of ecological systems. Therefore, the ability to predict regions potentially suitable for alien species, which are hence at high risk, has become a core task for successful management. The Common Waxbill Estrilda astrild is a widespread African species, which has been successfully introduced to many parts of the world. Herein, we used MAXENT software, a machine-learning algorithm, to assess its current potential distribution based on species records compiled from various sources. Models were trained separately with records from the species\xe2\x80\x99 native range and from both invaded and native ranges. Subsequently, the models were projected onto different future climate change scenarios. They successfully identified the species known range as well as some regions that seem climatically well suited, where the Common Waxbill is not yet recorded. Assuming future conditions, the models suggest poleward range shifts. However, its potential distribution pattern within its tropical native and invasive ranges appears to be more complex. Although the results of both separate analyses showed general similarities, many differences have become obvious. Niche overlap analysis shows that the invasive range includes only a small fraction of the ecological space that can be found in the native range. Thus, we tentatively prefer the model based on native locations only, but in particular, we highlight the importance of the selection process of species records for modelling invasive species.'

'We review the use of visible range spectroscopy (VRS) to measure concentrations of chlorophyll a and its degradation products (collectively classified as chlorins) from lake sediments. This method for reconstructing aquatic production offers a rapid and non-destructive alternative to wet-chemical techniques, which has led to VRS measurements of aquatic production to become a routine analysis in paleolimnological studies. Over the last decade, VRS has been used to measure paleo-production in a variety of lake types exposed to numerous stressors, including climate change, natural and anthropogenic eutrophication, and whole-lake manipulations. Here, we summarize some of these studies with the intent of demonstrating the utility and the consistency of VRS to track past trends in aquatic production. In all cases, VRS-derived measurements matched a priori predictions of production changes based on historical data of trophic status, or as inferred by multiple, independent proxies of primary production.'

'Research on forest management impact focuses mainly on timber stands, and leaves out the unproductive forest environments. These stands are spatially mixed with timber forests. The objective was to evaluate richness and density of birds in timber Nothofagus pumilio forests and their unproductive associated environments, and discuss forest management implications. These stands showed significant differences in their forest structure, which generate a great variety of ecological environments. A total of 1881 individuals belonging to 30 bird species were observed during the sampling, in spring and summer seasons. These species were mainly migratory and insectivores, Passeriforms being the most important group. From 12 to 17\xc2\xa0birds/ha were found, which varied with the forest environments and seasons. Timber stands of Nothofagus pumilio support a low number of bird species. Most of them are opportunistic and a few prefer these woods over other forested or afforested areas. Low bird density and richness characterize these austral forests, which share their diversity with a high variety of ecosystems along Patagonia. Timber N. pumilio forests has a marginal value for bird species conservation, considering its richness, density and the percentage of this forest in the total forested landscape of Tierra del Fuego (Argentina).'

'Harvesting different species as foods or raw materials calls for differing skills depending on the species being harvested and the circumstances under which they are being taken. In some situations and for some species, the tactics used are mainly behavioral\xe2\x80\x94that is, people adjust, or adapt, their own actions to fit the behavior and circumstances of the species they are taking. Under other circumstances and for other species, the skills and tactics used may call for greater environmental preparation or manipulation. Therefore, instead of trying to distinguish people today and in the past as either \xe2\x80\x9cforagers\xe2\x80\x9d or \xe2\x80\x9cfarmers,\xe2\x80\x9d it makes sense to define human subsistence behavior as an interactive matrix of species and harvesting tactics, that is, as a provisions spreadsheet.'

'The diverse set of wetlands in southern altiplano of South America supports a number of endemic and migratory waterbirds. These species include endangered endemic flamingos and shorebirds that nest in North America and winter in the altiplano. This research developed maps from nine Landsat Thematic Mapper (TM) images (254,300 km2) to provide an inventory of aquatic waterbird habitats. Image processing software was used to produce a map with a classification of wetlands according to the habitat requirements of different types of waterbirds. A hierarchical procedure was used to, first, isolate the bodies of water within the TM image; second, execute an unsupervised classification on the subsetted image to produce 300 signatures of cover types, which were further subdivided as necessary. Third, each of the classifications was examined in the light of field data and personal experience for relevance to the determination of the various habitat types. Finally, the signatures were applied to the entire image and other adjacent images to yield a map depicting the location of the various waterbird habitats in the southern altiplano. The data sets referenced with a global positioning system receiver were used to test the classification system. Multivariate analysis of the bird communities censused at each lake by individual habitats indicated a salinity gradient, and then the depth of the water separated the birds. Multivariate analysis of the chemical and physical data from the lakes showed that the variation in lakes were significantly associated with difference in depth, transparency, latitude, elevation, and pH. The presence of gravel bottoms was also one of the qualities distinguishing a group of lakes. This information will be directly useful to the Flamingo Census Project and serve as an element for risk assessment for future development.'

'The Cerrado is the largest savanna in South America and it is rich in fauna and flora and considered a biodiversity hotspot. Its contact with the surrounding Amazon, Atlantic Forest and Caatinga is irregular, forming large diffuse ecotones in some regions and disjointed patches in others. The Cerrado patches located in the Amazon are relatively studied, but little is known about those in the Atlantic Forest and Caatinga. This article presents information on the composition of a bird community in a savanna formation on the coast of the northernmost portion of northeast Brazil (5\xc2\xb023\xe2\x80\xb225\xe2\x80\xb2S / 35\xc2\xb030\xe2\x80\xb225\xe2\x80\xb2W). This site was visited 17 times between October 2006 and August 2013. The total richness was 87 species distributed into 32 families. The following Cerrado endemics were recorded: Charitospiza eucosma and Porphyrospiza caerulescens. Other species recorded associated mainly with the Cerrado biome were Heliactin bilophus, Cypsnagra hirundinacea and Coryphaspiza melanotis. Some vulnerable and near threatened species were also recorded for the first time in the northernmost portion of northeastern Brazil, with some of these more than 1,000 km from their previously known localities. The results broaden the knowledge on the distribution of various species, in addition to providing information on seasonality and reproduction of others and revealing an overall lack of information on the composition of avian communities in little studied areas of Brazil.'

'BackgroundParasite prevalence and diversity are determined by the distribution of hosts and vectors and by the interplay among a suite of environmental factors. Distributions of parasite lineages vary based on host susceptibility and geographical barriers. Hemoparasites of the genera Haemoproteus and Plasmodium have wide distributions, and high prevalence and genetic diversity within perching birds (Order Passeriformes). The rufous-collared sparrow (Zonotrichia capensis) is widely distributed in Central and South America across an immense diversity of environments from sea level to more than 4000 meters above sea level. It therefore provides an excellent model to investigate whether altitudinal and latitudinal gradients influence the distribution, prevalence and diversity of haemosporidian parasites, their population structure and the biogeographical boundaries of distinct parasite lineages.ResultsWe assembled samples from 1317 rufous-collared sparrows spanning 75 locales from across Central and South America (between 9.5\xc2\xb0N and 54\xc2\xb0S; 10\xe2\x80\x934655 meters above sea level). We used DNA sequence data from a fragment of the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene (cytb) of Haemoproteus and Plasmodium from 325 positive samples and found prevalences of 22 and 3%, respectively. Haemoproteus exhibited a higher prevalence than Plasmodium but with comparatively lower genetic diversity. We detected a relationship of Plasmodium and Haemoproteus prevalence with altitude and latitude; however, altitude and latitude did not influence parasite diversity.ConclusionsParasite lineages showed a phylogeographical boundary coincident with the Andes Mountains, although we also observed a north-south disjunction in Peru for Haemoproteus. Haemosporidian distribution was not homogeneous but differed based on latitude and altitude. This is most probably due to environmental factors that have influenced both vector distribution and abundance, as well as parasite development. Our study provides key insights on the distribution of haemoparasite lineages and parasite dynamics within hosts.'

'Although debate continues, there is agreement that dogs (Canis lupus familiaris) were first domesticated in Eurasia, spreading from there to other parts of the world. However, while that expansion already extended as far as Europe, China, and North America by the early Holocene, dogs spread into (and south of) the tropics only much later. In South America, for example, the earliest well-attested instances of their presence do not reach back much beyond 3000\xc2\xa0cal. BC, and dogs were still absent from large parts of the continent\xe2\x80\x94Amazonia, the Gran Chaco, and much of the Southern Cone\xe2\x80\x94at European contact. Previous explanations for these patterns have focused on cultural choice, the unsuitability of dogs for hunting certain kinds of tropical forest prey, and otherwise unspecified environmental hazards, while acknowledging that Neotropical lowland forests witness high rates of canine mortality. Building on previous work in sub-Saharan Africa (Mitchell in Archaeol Res Afr 50:92\xe2\x80\x93135, 2015), and noting that the dog\xe2\x80\x99s closest relatives, the grey wolf (C. lupus) and the coyote (C. latrans), were likewise absent from South and most of Central America in pre-Columbian times, this paper explores instead the possibility that infectious disease constrained the spread of dogs into Neotropical environments. Four diseases are considered, all likely to be native and/or endemic to South America: canine distemper, canine trypanosomiasis, canine rangeliosis, and canine visceral leishmaniasis caused by infection with Leishmania amazonensis and L. colombiensis. The paper concludes by suggesting ways in which the hypothesis that disease constrained the expansion of dogs into South America can be developed further.'

'Despite low in situ primary productivity, tropical oligotrophic rivers support highly diverse fish assemblages and productive fisheries. This raises the question, what energy sources support fish production in these ecosystems? We sampled fish and food resources in the floodplain of a nearly pristine, large, oligotrophic river in western Amazonia. We combined data from stomach contents and stable isotopes to test the hypothesis that floodplain forests sustain fisheries in tropical oligotrophic rivers. Analysis of stomach contents from\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa0800 specimens of 12 omnivorous fish species demonstrated that during the annual flood, forest plant matter dominated diets. Yet, our isotope mixing models estimated that arthropods from the forest canopy made a greater proportional contribution to fish biomass. Most of these arthropods are entirely terrestrial and, therefore, serve as trophic links between forests and fishes. Our results suggest that forest vegetation, particularly fruits, may provide much of the energy supporting metabolism and arthropods contribute significant amounts of protein for somatic growth. Moreover, the importance of terrestrial arthropods in support of fish biomass in oligotrophic rivers depends on interactions between riparian vegetation, terrestrial arthropods and flood pulse dynamics affecting accessibility of arthropods to fishes. The apparent paradox of high fish diversity in an oligotrophic river with low primary productivity may be explained, at least partially, by dynamic terrestrial\xe2\x80\x93aquatic trophic linkages. This study further emphasizes the importance of seasonally flooded forests for sustaining fisheries in the Amazon.'

"This article considers the emergence of world environmental history as a rapidly growing but undertheorized research field. Taking as its central problematic the gap between the fertile theorizations of environmentally-oriented social scientists and the empirically rich studies of world environmental historians, the article argues for a synthesis of theory and history in the study of longue dureesocio-ecological change. This\xc2\xa0argument proceeds in three steps. First, I offer an ecological reading of Immanuel Wallerstein's The Modern World-System. Wallerstein's handling of the ecological dimensions of the transition from feudalism to capitalism is suggestive of a new approach to world environmental history. Second, I contend that Wallerstein's theoretical insights may be effectively complemented by drawing on Marxist notions of value and above all\xc2\xa0the concept of \xe2\x80\x9cmetabolic rift,\xe2\x80\x9d which emphasize the importance of productive processes and regional divisions of labor within the modern world-system. Finally, I develop these theoretical discussions in a short environmental history of the two great \xe2\x80\x9ccommodity frontiers\xe2\x80\x9d of early capitalism \xe2\x80\x93 the sugar plantation and the silver mining complex."

'Butterfly species lists were assembled for 18 Great Basin mountain ranges for which distributional data on mammals and birds have been analysed previously by other workers. The ranges represent remnant islands of the boreal habitat that once was continuous across the Great Basin but is now restricted to higher elevations as a result of climatic change at the close of the Pleistocene. The effects of biogeographic factors (area, distance, elevation) and habitat diversity on butterfly species number were examined. The Great Basin boreal butterfly faunas were found to be depauperate overall relative that of the principal mainland source, the Rocky Mountains, and were found to have fewer species than predicted by the mainland species-area data. However, only a weak area effect, and no distance effect, was detected by bivariate and multivariate analysis. Furthermore, the habitat diversity score found to explain virtually all the variation in bird species number in the same ranges in previous studies is only marginally significantly correlated with butterflies. When the butterflies are subdivided according to their vagility, the relative differences in the species-area correlation and slope (z-value) between the vagility categories were consistent with those found previously for mammals and birds, and, as predicted by theory, less vagile taxa exhibit higher species-area correlations and z-values. Overall, differences in the insular biogeography of buttterflies and vertebrates seem to reflect fundamental ecological differences between the taxa.'

'The Sora Porzana Carolina is the most abundant rail of North America, and historical records (1877\xe2\x80\x931994) indicate Peru as the southern limit of its wintering (October\xe2\x80\x93May) range. Here, we present data from three consecutive austral summers (February/2014 to March/2016) recording this species on wetlands in north Peru, which fill a geographic gap of approximately 1000 km between Tumbes and Lima regions. Based on our records and secondary sources for South America, we indicate that Sora probably follows two parallel migration routes in western South America: the Pacific Coast and the Andean routes. Another recent study recorded Sora in Cusco province, which suggests that Peruvian Andes wetlands may currently becoming more important as non-breeding sites for Nearctic migrant waterbirds. Unlike the sites of historical records of Sora in Peru, the wetlands on which this rail was recently recorded have no legal protection, deserving management policies and continued monitoring.'

'The Amazon Basin harbors one of the richest biotas on Earth, such that a number of diversification hypotheses have been formulated to explain patterns of Amazonian biodiversity and biogeography. For nearly two decades, phylogeographic approaches have been applied to better understand the underlying causes of genetic differentiation and geographic structure among Amazonian organisms. Although this research program has made progress in elucidating several aspects of species diversification in the region, recent methodological and theoretical developments in the discipline of phylogeography will provide new perspectives through more robust hypothesis testing. Herein, we outline central aspects of Amazonian geology and landscape evolution as well as climate and vegetation dynamics through the Neogene and Quaternary to contextualize the historical settings considered by major hypotheses of diversification. We address each of these hypotheses by reviewing key phylogeographic papers and by expanding their respective predictions. We also propose future directions for devising and testing hypotheses. Specifically, combining the exploratory power of phylogeography with the statistical rigor of coalescent methods will greatly expand analytical inferences on the evolutionary history of Amazonian biota. Incorporation of non-genetic data from Earth science disciplines into the phylogeographic approach is key to a better understanding of the influence of climatic and geophysical events on patterns of Amazonian biodiversity and biogeography. In addition, achieving such an integrative enterprise must involve overcoming issues such as limited geographic and taxonomic sampling. These future challenges likely will be accomplished by a combination of extensive collaborative research and incentives for conducting basic inventories.'

'The exact size of the wetland area of South America is not known but may comprise as much as 20% of the sub-continent, with river floodplains and intermittent interfluvial wetlands as the most prominent types. A few wetland areas have been well studied, whereas little is known about others, including some that are very large. Despite the fact that most South American countries have signed the Ramsar convention, efforts to elaborate basic data have been insufficient, thereby hindering the formulation of a wetland-friendly policy allowing the sustainable management of these areas. Until now, the low population density in many wetland areas has provided a high level of protection; however, the pressure on wetland integrity is increasing, mainly as a result of land reclamation for agriculture and animal ranching, infrastructure building, pollution, mining activities, and the construction of hydroelectric power plants. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has predicted increasing temperatures, accelerated melting of the glaciers in Patagonia and the Andes, a rise in sea level of 20\xe2\x80\x9360\xc2\xa0cm, and an increase in extreme multiannual and short-term climate events (El Ni\xc3\xb1o and La Ni\xc3\xb1a, heavy rains and droughts, heat waves). Precipitation may decrease slightly near the Caribbean coast as well as over large parts of Brazil, Chile, and Patagonia, but increase in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru, around the equator, and in southeastern South America. Of even greater impact may be a change in rainfall distribution, with precipitation increasing during the rainy season and decreasing during the dry season. There is no doubt that the predicted changes in global climate will strongly affect South American wetlands, mainly those with a low hydrologic buffer capacity. However, for the coming decades, wetland destruction by wetland-unfriendly development planning will by far outweigh the negative impacts of global climate change. South American governments must bear in mind that there are many benefits that wetlands bring about for the landscape and biodiversity as well as for humans. While water availability will be the key problem for the continent\xe2\x80\x99s cities and agroindustries, intact wetlands can play a major role in storing water, buffering river and stream discharges, and recharging subterranean aquifers.'

'We studied the composition, species richness, and relative abundance of bat assemblages in the Colombian dry forests of Chicamocha and Patia. In Chicamocha, 11 bats of the family Phyllostomidae were captured with mistnets, corresponding to 85-100% of the potential phyllostomids species in the area. Two bats of the family Vespertilionidae were also captured in Chicamocha. In Patia, 12 species were captured with mistnets, all Phyllostomidae, representing 72-100% of the estimated total number of species in the zone. Minor differences in number of species and composition were detected among sampling periods in Chicamocha. The most common species in this dry forest were Glossophaga longirostris and Sturnira lilium. In Patia, notable differences in the number of species and composition were observed among sampling periods, and the most common species were Artibeus jamaicensis, Carollia perspicillata and Phyllostomus discolor. Aridzone dwelling bats were absent in Patia and we suggest that this absence may be associated with the isolation of Patia from other northern dry zones of Colombia since Quaternary times. There was also low abundance of bats in Patia, which appears to be related to human disturbance. The most abundant phyllostomid bat species in the two dry forests studied are those that include fruit and/or nectarpollen from columnar cacti as an important proportion of their diets.'

'Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes) is a multi-purpose palm tree native to tropical Latin America, which is predominantly cultivated by smallholders in agroforestry systems. The fruits are rich in starch and contribute importantly to food security and the cash income of farmers who cultivate them. Complex value chains have emerged that link producers to consumers, but irregular product quality and market chain inequalities undermine the economic well-being of producers and retailers. Peach palm is genetically diverse, but screening for traits of commercial and nutritional interest is required to enhance the use of its genetic resources. Alliances between public organizations and private enterprises are needed to realize the potential for processing novel products from peach palm, especially in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic sectors. The diverse challenges that emerge at different stages of production, processing and marketing require participatory research that directly involves stakeholders from the beginning.'

'The northern Andes is extremely rich in plant species, but this diversity is threatened by extensive deforestation. This study reports on how five palm species respond to human disturbance in an area of montane forest in Ecuador. The abundance of each species was determined in 250 40 \xc3\x97 30m plots, established in disturbed and undisturbed forest within an area of 3 \xc3\x97 3km and altitudes spanning 1248\xe2\x80\x931938m. Aiphanes erinacea (H. Karst.) H. Wendl. and to a lesser degree Geonoma undata Klotzsch were negatively affected by even moderate human disturbance, while Chamaedorea linearis (Ruiz & Pav.) Mart. and C. pinnatifrons (Jacq.) Oerst. benefitted from such disturbance and Prestoea acuminata (Willd.) H.E. Moore was unaffected given time enough to replenish its population after disturbance. At the scale of the plots, species richness was maximized in undisturbed forest. Aiphanes erinacea is endemic to northern Ecuador and southern Colombia and must be considered threatened by the extensive deforestation here. If the behaviour of these palms is representative of Andean rain forest plans in general, the negative effect of moderate anthropogenic disturbance on plant biodiversity at scales of \xe2\x89\xa51km2 might be negligible. Thus, biologically sustainable logging could be possible.'

'This paper presents a first account of the sal\xc3\xa3o vegetation of southwestern Amazonia, a frequent but poorly known formation and unusual in that it is a lowland moist tropical environment in which virtually all of the plant diversity is accounted for by herbs. The sal\xc3\xb5es occur along canalized portions of the Purus and Juru\xc3\xa1 river basins, and their substrates consist of exposed parent materials that characterize much of this sector of Amazonia but are usually overlain by a relatively thin (<1\xc2\xa0m) layer of soil. They are constantly moist seeps or \xe2\x80\x98seepage banks,\xe2\x80\x99 and the lower portions are seasonally submerged. Strata are recognizable in the vegetation, and the physiognomy and composition of each vegetation band of the sal\xc3\xb5es is likely determined by the slope, the parent material, and (for lower bands) the duration of flooding. To date the sal\xc3\xa3o flora has registered 66 species: 11 bryophytes, 12 ferns, and 43 angiosperms. Five of the bryophyte species, two ferns, and one grass, Arundinella berteroniana, are found in most if not all sal\xc3\xb5es and can be considered indicators of this vegetation type, while most of the pteridophytes and other angiosperms occur more sporadically. None of the species is endemic to the formation and only four to the region; most are associated generally with the margins of rivers, lakes, and streams, often on rocky or sandy substrates. The floristic and conservation significance of this formation lie in its apparent affinities with montane regions, in the fact that 21 species and eight genera are recorded for the Acre flora only from the sal\xc3\xb5es, and in its local value as a source of filtered potable water.'

"BackgroundThe family Accipitridae (hawks, eagles and Old World vultures) represents a large radiation of predatory birds with an almost global distribution, although most species of this family occur in the Neotropics. Despite great morphological and ecological diversity, the evolutionary relationships in the family have been poorly explored at all taxonomic levels. Using sequences from four mitochondrial genes (12S, ATP8, ATP6, and ND6), we reconstructed the phylogeny of the Neotropical forest hawk genus Leucopternis and most of the allied genera of Neotropical buteonines. Our goals were to infer the evolutionary relationships among species of Leucopternis, estimate their relationships to other buteonine genera, evaluate the phylogenetic significance of the white and black plumage patterns common to most Leucopternis species, and assess general patterns of diversification of the group with respect to species' affiliations with Neotropical regions and habitats.ResultsOur molecular phylogeny for the genus Leucopternis and its allies disagrees sharply with traditional taxonomic arrangements for the group, and we present new hypotheses of relationships for a number of species. The mtDNA phylogenetic trees derived from analysis of the combined data posit a polyphyletic relationship among species of Leucopternis, Buteogallus and Buteo. Three highly supported clades containing Leucopternis species were recovered in our phylogenetic reconstructions. The first clade consisted of the sister pairs L. lacernulatus and Buteogallus meridionalis, and Buteogallus urubitinga and Harpyhaliaetus coronatus, in addition to L. schistaceus and L. plumbeus. The second clade included the sister pair Leucopternis albicollis and L. occidentalis as well as L. polionotus. The third lineage comprised the sister pair L. melanops and L. kuhli, in addition to L. semiplumbeus and Buteo buteo. According to our results, the white and black plumage patterns have evolved at least twice in the group. Furthermore, species found to the east and west of the Andes (cis- Andean and trans- Andean, respectively) are not reciprocally monophyletic, nor are forest and non-forest species.ConclusionThe polyphyly of Leucopternis, Buteogallus and Buteo establishes a lack of concordance of current Accipitridae taxonomy with the mtDNA phylogeny for the group, and points to the need for further phylogenetic analysis at all taxonomic levels in the family as also suggested by other recent analyses. Habitat shifts, as well as cis- and trans-Andean disjunctions, took place more than once during buteonine diversification in the Neotropical region. Overemphasis of the black and white plumage patterns has led to questionable conclusions regarding the relationships of Leucopternis species, and suggests more generally that plumage characters should be used with considerable caution in the taxonomic evaluation of the Accipitridae."

'There is much evidence to support past contact between the Atlantic and the Amazon forests through the South American dry vegetation diagonal, but the spatiotemporal dynamics of this contact still need to be investigated to allow a better understanding of its biogeographic implications for birds. Here, we combined phylogenetic data with distributional data using a supermatrix approach in order to depict the historical connection dynamics between these biomes for New World suboscines. We examined the variation in divergence time and then compared the spatial distributions of taxon pairs representing old and recent divergences. Our results pointed to two distinct spatiotemporal pathways connecting the Atlantic and the Amazonian forests in the past: (1) old connections (middle to late Miocene) through the current southern Cerrado and Mato Grosso and the transition towards the Chaco and palm savannas of Bolivia and Paraguay; (2) young connections (Pliocene to Pleistocene) that possibly occurred through the Cerrado and Caatinga in northeastern Brazil. We suggest that the main events that played important roles in these connections were geotectonic events during the late Tertiary associated with the uplift of the Andes (old connections) and Quaternary climate changes that promoted the expansion of gallery forest through the Cerrado and Caatinga in northeastern Brazil (young connections). Our results provide the first general temporal and spatial model of how the Atlantic and Amazonian forests were connected in the past, which was derived using bird data.'

'Recent archaeological research has fundamentally altered our understanding of the scope of past human impacts on nondomesticated animal populations. Predictions derived from foraging theory concerning the abundance histories of high-return human prey and diet breadth have been met in many parts of the world. People are known to have introduced a broad variety of nondomesticated animals, from sponges to agoutis and rats, to a remarkably broad set of contexts, in turn causing a wide variety of secondary impacts. By increasing the incidence of fire, human colonists have in some cases transformed the nature of the vegetation on the colonized landscape, in turn dramatically affecting animal populations on those landscapes. In island settings, these triple threats--predation, biotic introductions, and vegetation alteration--routinely led to extinctions but there is no archaeological evidence that small-scale societies caused extinction by predation alone on islands or continents. Indeed, the recent history of this famous argument suggests that it is better seen as a statement of faith about the past rather than as an appeal to reason. Perhaps most importantly, our burgeoning knowledge of past human impacts on animals has important implications for the conservation biology of the future.'

' We present a broad comparative assessment of nested subsets in species composition among ecological communities. We assembled presence-absence data from a broad range of taxa, geographic regions, and spatial scales; and subjected this collection of datasets to common analyses, including a variety of metrics for measuring nestedness and null hypotheses against which to evaluate them. Here we identify ecological patterns in the prevalence and strength of nested subset structure, and assess differences and biases among the available methodologies. In all, we compiled 279 presence-absence matrices, of which 163 do not overlap in their coverage of species and sites. The survey includes studies on vertebrates, arthropods, mollusks, plants, and other taxa; from north temperate, tropical, and south temperate latitudes. Our results were as follows. Statistically significant nestedness was common. Assemblages from landbridge archipelagos were strongly nested, and immigration experiments were least nested. This adds further empirical support to the hypothesis that extinction plays a major role in producing nested structure. Nestedness was positively correlated with the ratio of the areas of the largest and smallest sites, suggesting that the range in area of sites affects nestedness. Taxonomic differences in nestedness were weak. Higher taxonomic levels showed stronger nesting than their constituent lower taxa. We observed no effect of distance of isolation on nestedness; nor any effects of latitude. With regard to methodology, the metrics Nc and Ut yielded similar results, although Nc proved slightly more flexible in use, and deals differently with tied sites. Similarities also exist in the behavior of N0 (\xe2\x80\x9cN\xe2\x80\x9d) and Up, and between N1 and Ua. Standardized nestedness metrics were mostly insensitive to matrix size, and were useful in comparative analyses among presence-absence matrices. Most metrics were affected by the proportion of presences in the matrix. All analyses of nestedness, therefore, should test for bias due to matrix fill. We suggest that the factors controlling nested subset structure can be thought of as four filters that species pass to occur at a site: a sampling filter, a distance filter, a habitat filter, and an area filter \xe2\x80\x93 and three constraints on community homogeneity: evolutionary history, recent history, and spatial variation in the environment. The scale of examination can also have important effects on the degree of nestedness observed.'

'Predictions about the impacts of climate change on tropical forests require information on the relative vulnerabilities and roles of the biological components of these unusually complex systems. Central to the structure and function of any ecosystem \xe2\x80\x93 and the subject of this paper \xe2\x80\x93 is its flora, the energetic base for co-occurring heterotrophs. Much data indicate that arboreal flora (the epiphytes), those plants anchored in the forest canopy without access to the ground, occupy unusually climate-defined ecospace compared with co-occurring types such as the supporting trees. This report also describes how the epiphytes influence adjacent biota and whole-system processes, specifically those concerned with energetics, hydrology, and mineral cycling. Second, a mechanistic explanation for the exceptionally climate-sensitive nature of arboreal flora is provided. Finally, points one and two are used to make the case that arboreal flora represent a weak link in the integrity of certain types of forest, especially cloud forest and other types at lower elevations well known for their extraordinarily diverse biota. These plants, more than most, should provide early indications of floristic response to climate change throughout much of the tropics, but particularly in montane regions.'

'Although the significance of canopy plant communities to ecosystem function is well documented, the process by which such communities become established in trees remains poorly known. Colonization of tree surfaces by canopy-dwelling plants often begins with the establishment of bryophytes, so the conditions that affect the dispersal of bryophytes in the forest canopy merit study. We assessed success rates of one mechanism of bryophyte propagation, the aerial dispersal of macroscopic fragments, using an experimental approach. We quantified interception and retention of marked fragments released from a 36 cm\xc3\x9736 cm grid 50 cm above branches of saplings and mature trees of the species Ocotea tonduzii in a montane cloud forest in Costa Rica. Only 1% of bryophyte fragments dropped over sapling crowns in this manner were retained for the 6-month duration of the study, while branches in the forest canopy with intact epiphyte loads and branches that had been stripped of their epiphytes retained 24% and 5%, respectively. Our results suggest that larger-diameter branches and the presence of other epiphytes can both improve the retention of bryophyte fragments on canopy branches. Further work will be needed to address the relative roles of other dispersal mechanisms (spores, gemmae, microscopic bryophyte fragments) and the dynamics of growth and establishment of macroscopic bryophyte fragments following their interception.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Although the biogeographic history of thrushes (Turdidae) has been extensively studied, a concise discussion of this topic is still lacking. Therefore, in this study we aimed to investigate: (1) the evolutionary origin of the migratory behaviour of the Turdus thrushes in a biogeographic context including (2) trans-Atlantic dispersal events, (3) possible colonization routes into the Nearctic, and (4) relationships among life history traits, ecological factors, and migratory strategies within the most comprehensive taxon set of 72 Turdus thrushes to date. We estimated the ancestral ranges of the studied species, primarily by comparing main biogeographic models (dispersal-vicariance, dispersal-extinction-cladogenesis, BayArea models), and performed phylogenetic generalized least squares analyses to identify relationships among distribution patterns, diet, body measurements, clutch size, and migratory behaviour. We found that the most probable ancestral regions for all Turdus species were located in the East Palearctic realm, followed by early colonization of the western Palearctic and Africa, and that several trans-Atlantic movements occurred between 11 and 4 million years ago, which is earlier than previously thought. Migration emerged as an ancestral behaviour of the genus Turdus, and differences in clutch size and main food types were significant between migratory and non-migratory species. Correlated evolution was found between migration and along-latitudinal mobility, main food type, and the shift in main food type between the seasons. We conclude that along-latitudinal movements may have evolved earlier, simultaneously with the radiation of the Turdus thrushes, followed by the appearance of meridional migration, associated with orographic and climatic changes. The increased clutch sizes observed in migratory species and documented here for thrushes could serve as an important mechanism to compensate for losses due to mortality during migration.'

'Comparing elevational gradients across a wide spectrum of climatic zones offers an ideal system for testing hypotheses explaining the altitudinal gradients of biodiversity. We document elevational patterns of lizard and snake species richness, and explore how land area and climatic factors may affect species distributions of lizards and snakes. Our synthesis found 42 lizard species and 94 snake species known from the Hengduan Mountains. The lizards are distributed between 500 and 3500 m, and the snakes are distributed between 500 and 4320 m. The relationship between species richness and elevation for lizards and snakes is unimodal. Land area explains a significant amount of the variation in lizard and snake species richness. The cluster analysis reveals pronounced distinct assemblages for lizards and snakes to better reflect the vertical profiles of climate in the mountains. Climatic variables are strongly associated with lizard and snake richness along the elevational gradient. The data strongly implicate water availability as a key constraint on lizard species richness, and annual potential evapotranspiration is the best predictor of snake species richness along the elevational gradient in the Hengduan Mountains.'

Abstract not available

'The Turquoise Tanager Tangara mexicana is largely distributed in northern South America, and has been considered a polytypic species comprising four or five subspecies. Our study on plumage coloration of 175 specimens, from localities covering the entire species\xe2\x80\x99 range, revealed the existence of two variable characters: color of underparts and color of lesser upper-wing coverts. Seven morphotypes were found that combine the different states presented by these two characters. Two morphotypes were very distinct, representing two of the most easily diagnosable subspecies (T. m. mexicana, having yellowish white underparts and a contrasting turquoise green humeral patch; and T. m. boliviana, having bright yellow underparts and the blue of lesser upper-wing coverts similar to that of the sides of head, throat, breast and rump). The other morphotypes (including those representing subspecies T. m. media, T. m. vieilloti and T. m. lateralis) are shared by birds with character states that are intermediate between those found in T. m. mexicana and T. m. boliviana, thus representing a polymorphic population ranging widely across central Amazonia, from northern Venezuela and Trinidad to the south of the lower Amazon. This large area may be considered as a hybrid zone of considerable phenotypic instability, more evident especially in the region between the lower Rio Madeira and east of the Tocantins in the Bel\xc3\xa9m area. Based on the General Lineage Species Concept two species could be recognized based on plumage: T. mexicana, restricted to the Guyana center of endemism, and T. boliviana, which is widely distributed in western Amazonia and the eastern foothills of the Andes, an area corresponding to the centers of endemism Napo and Inambari. The taxonomic validity of T. lateralis is once more challenged.'

'A group of representative species of the genus Puya was studied to determine if there are allometric relationships between vegetative and floral parts, whether these relationships correlate with their pollination system and if plant size is correlated with elevation and latitude. Fifty-three species representing the morphological variation and distribution of the genus were studied. Total plant height, as well as leaf, inflorescence, petal and sepal length were measured and these data subjected to univariate and multivariate analyses. To test for correlation between plant size and altitudinal and latitudinal distribution, ANOVAs were performed. When the pollination system of a species is known, additional multivariate and univariate analyses were also performed. The results indicate that the characters studied are correlated with a size component, exhibiting positive allometry for sepal and petal length and negative allometry for leaf length. Inflorescence length is an isometric character. There was no significant correlation between plant size and altitudinal or latitudinal distribution. The ANOVAs show that the only character correlated to pollinator type was petal length. Small plants with small flowers are correlated to pollinators such as insects, while medium to large plants with medium to large-sized flowers are correlated with pollinators such as birds and bats. Large plants have small flowers, that are more evident and attract more pollinators.'

'\nIn the current scenario of rapid conversion of tropical forests into human-dominated activities landscape, the present study was undertaken to understand the role of existing agroforestry systems in conservation of avian species. Three types of agroforestry systems namely tea gardens, homegardens and agrisilviculture were selected in the Brahmaputra North Bank Landscape of Assam, northeast India for the study. A total of 468 point counts revealed 164 bird species belonging to 51 families and 18 orders across all the three different types of agroforestry systems. Tea gardens showed significantly higher bird species richness followed by homegardens and agrisilviculture systems. As per IUCN, four species were categorized as Near Threatened and one species was categorized as Vulnerable. Out of 164 species recorded, 68.3% species were residents, 30.5% species were winter visitors and remaining were summer visitors (1.2%). Majority of the species (45.7%) were common to all the three types of selected agroforestry systems. The feeding guilds revealed that most of the species were insectivorous (50.0%) in habit. A total of 167 tree species belonging to 54 families and 24 orders was recorded across all the three different types of agroforestry systems. The highest tree species richness was recorded in the homegardens (160), followed by agrisilviculture systems (19) and least in tea gardens (11). No statistically significant correlation was found among bird species richness and patch size, tree species richness and number of bird species individuals. The selected agroforestry systems have provided shelter, nesting space, feeding and foraging grounds for birds during the winter season. This data can be useful for the policy makers, tea garden managers, homegarden owners for framing conservation policies of avian species in an era of natural wildlife habitat loss and degradation.'

"Currently 177 vascular plant species are known or presumed to be obligately associated with water in Peru. Their composition and diversity were surveyed in relationship to their distributions among the natural regions of Peru. Despite considerable aridity, the coastal plains of Peru have important aquatic ecosystems, including marshes in river deltas and mangroves in the far north, near the border with Ecuador; 70 species of aquatic plants are found in this coastal region. The Andean highlands include a great variety of wetlands, plus lakes and rivers; 62 species are found, including eight species of Isoetes, some of which are potentially threatened by extinction. The Amazon region of Peru includes both steep montane rivers in the headwaters and wide floodplains formed by meandering rivers in the lowlands; 102 species are found distributed among these ecosystems, although many additional species are semi-aquatic. Research and conservation strategies for Peru's aquatic plants need to take into account these important regional differences."

Abstract not available

'Although levels of biological diversity may seem to be equivalent in different areas, diversity is created and maintained by a range of different ]processes: overlap of habitat on gradients; a dynamic mosaic of communities; and accumulation and evolution of taxa in extremely stable areas. These different communities will respond in very different ways to disturbance. The most fragile are those whose component taxa are genetically adapted to the stability of a predictable environment. These areas are often under pressure from local rural populations and require intensive local conservation management actions. In other areas, where diversity is adapted to dynamism, communities are more resilient to disturbance and conservation can be best effected by policy instruments.'

'Density-dependent processes are fundamental mechanisms for the regulation of populations. Ecological theories differ in their predictions on whether increasing population density leads to individual adjustments of survival and reproductive output or to dominance and monopolization of resources. Here, we use a natural experiment to examine which factors limit population growth in the only remaining population of the endangered pale-headed brush finch (Atlapetes pallidiceps). For three distinct phases (a phase of population suppression, 2001\xe2\x80\x932002; expansion due to conservation management, 2003\xe2\x80\x932008; and equilibrium phase, 2009\xe2\x80\x932014), we estimated demographic parameters with an integrated population model using population size, the proportion of successfully breeding pairs and their productivity, territory size, and mark-recapture data of adult birds. A low proportion of successful breeders due to brood parasitism (0.42, 95% credible interval 0.26\xe2\x80\x930.59) limited population growth before 2003; subsequent culling of the brood parasite resulted in a two-fold increase of the proportion of successful breeders during the \xe2\x80\x98expansion phase\xe2\x80\x99. When the population approached the carrying capacity of its habitat, territory size declined by more than 50% and fecundity declined from 1.9 (1.54\xe2\x80\x932.27) to 1.3 (1.12\xe2\x80\x931.53) chicks per breeding pair, but the proportion of successful breeders remained constant (expansion phase: 0.85; 0.76\xe2\x80\x930.93; equilibrium phase: 0.86; 0.79\xe2\x80\x930.92). This study demonstrates that limiting resources can lead to individual adjustments instead of despotic behavior, and the individual reduction of reproductive output at high population densities is consistent with the slow life-history of many tropical species.'

'Until recently, the first Americans were thought to be fluted-point spear-hunters from the Siberian steppes. Near the end of the Ice Age, they followed big-game herds over the Bering land bridge into the open, upland habitats of the interior of North America about 12,000 years ago. Rapidly extinguishing the big game herds with their deadly hunting methods, they pressed southward in search of new herds and reached the tip of South America about a thousand years later. Today, nearly 70 years after the first excavations at Clovis, New Mexico, the type site for this culture, new sites and new dates from both North and South America are forcing a revision of the earlier picture of the migrations and adaptations of the first Americans. But despite recurring claims that human colonization of the Western Hemisphere began as early as 20,000 or more years ago with the arrival of generalized foragers lacking a projectile-point tradition, no definitive data gives empirical support for a human presence before c. 12,000 before the present (B.P.). All supposed pre-Clovis cultures except one in Alaska have failed to withstand careful scrutiny of their data. In addition, despite recent claims for cultural and biological links of the migrants to Europe or the Pacific Islands, the skeletons and cultural assemblages of Paleoindians throughout the hemisphere point consistently to a northeast Asian origin. According to new data, Paleoindian ancestors in Beringia c. 12,000 years ago were not specialized, fluted-point hunters of large game, but broad-spectrum hunter-gatherers using triangular or bipointed, lanceolates. Diverse cultures descended from these ancestors, not only the big-game hunting Clovis culture of the North American high plains. And just as Clovis did not set the cultural pattern for the hemisphere, it was not the earliest culture. Fully contemporary with the earliest possible Clovis dates of c. 11,200, in South America there already were maritime foragers on the Pacific coast, small-game hunters in the southern pampas, and tropical forest riverine foragers in the eastern tropical lowlands. The Clovis culture thus was just one of several regional cultures developed in the millennium after the initial migration. It could not have been the ancestor of the other early Paleoindian cultures.This new picture of Paleoindian cultures changes understanding of initial human adaptive radiation in the Americas and has implications for general theories of human evolution and behavioral ecology.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'We used the results of phylogenetic analyses of relationships among spider monkeys (Ateles) based on mitochondrial and nuclear DNA to investigate questions of their evolutionary origins and speciation mechanisms. We employed the concept of a local molecular clock to date nodes of interest (corresponding to hypothesized species and subspecies) in the various phylograms for comparison to hypothesized biogeographical events that might have affected speciation. We considered various mechanisms\xe2\x80\x94Pleistocene refuge formation, riverine barriers, geological fluctuations, and ecological changes associated with these mechanisms\xe2\x80\x94for their contribution to speciation in Ateles. Most speciation among the various species of Ateles occurred during the middle to late Pliocene, suggesting that Pleistocene refuge formation was not a key speciation mechanism. However, it is likely that the genetic structure of populations of Ateles was modified to some extent by refuge formation. Additionally, riverine barriers do not seem to interrupt gene flow significantly among Ateles. No river formed a barrier among species of Ateles, with the exception of the lower Amazon and possibly some of the black-water rivers draining the Guianan highlands. Large-scale geographic changes associated with the continued rise of the eastern and western cordilleras of the northern Andes and associated changes in habitat were the most important causes of speciation in Ateles. The various factors that modify genetic structure in Ateles are important to consider in order to protect endangered primate genera in the Neotropics.'

'This paper summarizes the current archaeological, physiographic, demographic, molecular, and bioarchaeological understanding of the initial peopling and subsequent population dynamics of South America. Well-dated sites point to a colonization by relatively few broad-spectrum foragers from northeastern Asia between ~13,000 and 12,000\xc2\xa0cal BC via the Panamanian Peninsula. By ~11,500\xe2\x80\x9311,000\xc2\xa0cal BC, a number of regional, specialized bifacial technologies were developed, with evidence for the seasonal scheduling of resources and the colonization of extreme environments. Restricted mobility, landscape modification, and the cultivation of domesticates were underway by ~8000\xc2\xa0cal BC. The early migration routes followed by colonists resulted in a broad east-west population structure among ancient South Americans. Genetic, demographic, and skeletal morphological data indicate that a subsequent demographically driven dispersal into South America largely replaced preexisting central Andeans ~5000 BC, due to increased fertility associated with the shift to agriculture. Beyond the Andes, however, there is little evidence of impact of these later expansions on foragers and horticulturists of the Amazon and Southern Cone who were largely descended from Paleoindians and early Holocene populations.'

'The imminence of forest conversion in the northern Andean region requires a careful evaluation of the social, political and economic context in which environmental efforts take place in order to achieve conservation. Through its socioeconomic effects violent conflict can result in threats pertinent to both conservation and resource management schemes. A survey of the San Lucas mountain range, at the northern tip of the Colombian Central Andes, is presented as a case study of factors associated with violent conflict that may hinder or enhance conservation in this complex social and political setting. Instability in land use and tenure associated with armed conflict were identified as major pressures associated with further conversion of tropical forest habitats; while low rates of settlement and measures enforced by armed rule were very effective in preserving certain tracts of forest. War certainly alleviates demographic pressure from settlers, but contemporary patterns of colonization in San Lucas suggest that armed conflict is detrimental to conservation purposes and to key members of the biological community.'

'This paper compares the non-deltaic, riparian-flooded forests of the Orinoco and Amazon River basins. Ecological relationships between these forests and their environments that can be useful in establishing schemes for biodiversity conservation are identified. Adaptations of species to flow seasonality, flooding intensity, sedimentation pattern and nutrient depletion are described. The variability and diversity of riparian-flooded forests is related to (i) landscape evolution (regional-scale, long-term), (ii) water quality (basin scale, long-term) and (iii) hydrology and geomorphology (sector-scale, medium-term). The floristic analysis has produced a preliminary list of 242 tree species common to the riparian-flooded forests of both basins. This relatively high number of species is related to connectivity between the riparian corridors of both basins and the effective operation of dispersal mechanisms. Highly oligotrophic environments add uniqueness at the regional scale through the evolution of endemic species presenting adaptations not only to flooding but also to nutrient depletion. The process of genetic diversification and the evolution of genotypes adapted to flooding are suggested to explain longitudinal gradients at tributary junctions and floodplain-upland ecotones where current fluvial dynamics are unpredictable over ecological time scales. The paper presents information that may be used to devise appropriate measures to evaluate sites for riparian biodiversity conservation and management.'

'The Ecuadorian Formative was initially interpreted as a result of long-distance diffusion, and migration, more recent research has changed our perception of the Valdivia, Machalilla, and Chorrera culture complexes. In this analysis, these archaeological investigations are reassessed in order to reevaluate our understanding regarding the nature of these prehistoric cultures. Formative chronologies, distributions, interrelationships are reviewed in the light of Pre-Hispanic occupations in El Oro Province. Previous investigations on the Ecuadorian littoral are examined. Results indicate (1) Valdivia and Machalilla are part of the same ceramic tradition and (2) the interrelationships of these complexes to Late Formative Period ceramic sequences are more complex than previously assumed. (3) A major adaptive shift related to an increased dependence upon agriculture occurred during Valdivia VI\xe2\x80\x93VIII, and continued into the Late Formative with the widespread distribution of Chorrera related material culture. (4) Long-distance interaction with the Ecuadorian highlands resulted in the spread of what may be termed a Chorrera horizon and formed the basis of subsequent Andean cosmology where it was symbolically represented according to local and regional artistic canons and over a vast area of Andean South America.'

'Detailed analysis of Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s scientific notes and other writings from the Beagle voyage reveals a focus on endemism and replacement of allied taxa in time and in space that began early in the journey. Though it is impossible to determine exactly when Darwin became a transmutationist, the evidence suggests that he was conversant with the transmutational ideas of Lamarck and others and testing (\xe2\x80\x9cexperimenting\xe2\x80\x9d with) them\xe2\x80\x94before he received a copy of Lyell\xe2\x80\x99s Principles of Geology, vol. 2, in November 1832, in which Lyell describes and disputes Lamarck\xe2\x80\x99s theory. To the two rhea species of Patagonia and the four mockingbird species of the Galapagos, we can now add the living Patagonian cavy (rodent) species, and its extinct putatively related species that Darwin collected at Monte Hermoso (Bahia Blanca) in the Fall of 1832, as a replacement pattern absolutely critical to the development of Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s transmutational thinking. Darwin developed his first transmutational theory by adopting \xe2\x80\x9cBrocchi\xe2\x80\x99s analogy\xe2\x80\x9d (Rudwick 2008)\xe2\x80\x94i.e. that births and deaths of species are analogous to the births and deaths of individuals. Births and deaths of species, as of individuals, are thus explicable in terms of natural causes. Darwin explored these themes and the replacement of the extinct cavy by the modern species explicitly in his February 1835 essay (Darwin 1835a).'

'The productivity of the scavenging, small animal species (chickens, ducks, pigs, hair sheep and guinea-pigs) commonly found on small-scale farms at the forest margin in subtropical Bolivia was monitored over a full year. Chickens and guinea-pigs were kept mainly for home consumption, while ducks and pigs were kept mainly for sale. Sheep served both purposes, depending upon the family requirements. In the absence of veterinary treatment, the productivity varied greatly between farms. Pigs gave the greatest gross return, but received the largest amount of supplementary feed. Under the existing system, chickens, ducks and sheep all gave similar gross returns per breeding female, although chickens produced good returns and made a large contribution to the family diet where the reproductive efficiency was high and the chick mortality was low. Mortality resulting from disease was a major problem in poultry, while internal parasites appeared to be important limiting factors in pigs and sheep. Guinea-pigs showed no major problems apart from theft, and were an important dietary component for immigrant families from the highlands of the country. Small animal species have largely been ignored by agricultural research and development activities in Bolivia and elsewhere. They currently make significant contributions to the livelihoods of poor people in terms of both income and food security, and this could be greatly increased by simple improvements in animal husbandry.'

'The lima bean,Phaseolus lunatus L., is a bean species with a broad distribution in the Americas that rivals that of common bean (P. vulgaris). In order to better understand the organization of genetic diversity and the pattern of domestication in lima bean, a review was conducted of the available information on the geographic distribution of wild and cultivated forms of this species. In addition, one-dimensional SDS polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of seed proteins was also conducted on a sample of 84 wild, 6 weedy, and 426 cultivated forms. Results show that wild forms can be divided into two groups, one with smaller seeds and a very extensive distribution that includes Mexico, Central America, and the eastern slope of the Andes, and the other with a more circumscribed distribution on the western slope of the Andes in Ecuador and northern Peru. Electrophoretic analyses of seed proteins confirmed this subdivision and, additionally, showed that the large-seeded cultivars had been domesticated from the large-seeded wild lima beans in western South America. For the small-seeded lima bean cultivars, it was not possible to determine a domestication center as the most abundant protein pattern in the cultivars also had a widespread distribution in the small-seeded wild progenitor. Electrophoretic analyses showed, however, that domestication led to a reduction of genetic diversity in the small-seeded, Mesoamerican group, but not in the large-seeded group. The latter may be due to insufficient sampling of the larger-seeded, wild germplasm.'

Abstract not available

"Incubating hummingbirds adjust nest attentiveness patterns in different habitats to permit both regulation of egg temperatures for embryonic development and foraging of the adult for positive energy balance. Anna's (Calype anna) and Black-chinned (Archilochus alexandri) Hummingbirds nesting in California chaparral left the nest six to nine times during each daylight hour. Eggs usually cooled only 3\xe2\x80\x936\xc2\xb0C during absences but sometimes cooled up to 20\xc2\xb0C during long absences. One Anna's Hummingbird became torpid for 4.5 h at night following a rainy day; the eggs survived cooling to 11\xc2\xb0C and hatched two days later. A Costa's Hummingbird (Calypte costae) nesting in the California desert also left the nest several times per hour in early morning and late afternoon, but shaded the eggs almost continuously during the middle of the day. A Purple-crowned Fairy (Heliothryx barroti) in the warm lowland tropics of Panama left her eggs unattended for a few relatively long periods each day rather than many short periods as do temperate zone species. This pattern is typical of other tropical hummingbirds as well probably because equable ambient temperatures mean thermoregulation of eggs is not as critical a problem as it is in other habitats. In the temperate zone, hummingbirds exhibit behavioral adaptations (timing of reproduction, segmented foraging pattern) and physiological adaptations (torpor and hypothermia) for successful incubation. Embryonic development is successful even when egg temperatures fluctuate widely."

'Flowering and fruiting as phenological events of 12 tree species in an evergreen tropical mountain rain forest in southern Ecuador were examined over a period of 3\xe2\x80\x934\xc2\xa0years. Leaf shedding of two species was observed for 12\xc2\xa0months. Parallel to the phenological recordings, meteorological parameters were monitored in detail and related to the flowering and fruiting activity of the trees. In spite of the perhumid climate of that area, a high degree of intra- and inter-specific synchronisation of phenological traits was apparent. With the exception of one species that flowered more or less continuously, two groups of trees could be observed, one of which flowered during the less humid months (September to October) while the second group started to initiate flowers towards the end of that phase and flowered during the heavy rains (April to July). As reflected by correlation coefficients, the all-time series of meteorological parameters showed a distinct seasonality of 8\xe2\x80\x9312\xc2\xa0months, apparently following the quasi-periodic oscillation of precipitation and related cloudiness. As revealed by power spectrum analysis and Markov persistence, rainfall and minimum temperature appear to be the only parameters with a periodicity free of long-term variations. The phenological events of most of the plant species showed a similar periodicity of 8\xe2\x80\x9312\xc2\xa0months, which followed the annual oscillation of relatively less and more humid periods and thus was in phase or in counter-phase with the oscillations of the meteorological parameters. Periods of unusual cold or dryness, presumably resulting from underlying longer-term trends or oscillations (such as ENSO), affected the homogeneity of quasi-12-month flowering events, fruit maturation and also the production of germinable seeds. Some species show underlying quasi-2-year-oscillations, for example that synchronise with the development of air temperature; others reveal an underlying decrease or increase in flowering activity over the observation period, influenced for instance by solar irradiance. As Ecuador suffers the highest rate of deforestation in South America, there is an urgent need for indigenous plant material for reforestation. A detailed knowledge of the biology of reproduction in relation to governing external factors (mainly climate) is thus required.'

'Herbaceous vascular epiphytes were screened in a total sample of 13 445 trees (in 153 species) and 348 lianas (in 30 species) \xe2\x89\xa530 cm girth at breast height in a 30 ha plot of tropical evergreen forest at Varagalaiar, Indian Western Ghats. Of these, 4.3% of trees and 3.7% of lianas were infested with epiphytes. Epiphyte diversity totaled 26 species in 19 genera and 10 families. Sixteen species were angiosperms in three families (Orchidaceae 54%; Piperaceae and Araceae 8%) and 10 species (38%) were pteridophytes in seven families. The orchid, Pholidota pallida was most abundant and occurred on 178 (29.6%) stems. Asplenium nidus occurred on the maximum of 62 host species. The species richness estimators employed for species accumulation curves after 100 times randomization of sample order have stabilized the curve at 18th and 19th hectares respectively for Incidence-based Coverage Estimator and Chao2. A total of 588 trees and 13 liana stems lodged epiphytes, 74% of which were evergreen species and 26% deciduous. Epiphyte density was greater (56%) in deciduous species (Bischofia javanica 30% and Vitex altissima 8%). A significant positive relationship was found between trunk size and epiphyte association. Larger epiphyte species occurred mostly on middle and larger stems and smaller epiphyte species occurred on smaller stems. The majority of epiphytes (92%) were of autochorous dispersal type, bearing capsule or dust diaspores, while the remaining species with berries and nutlets are dispersed by small vertebrates.'

'In a moist tropical forest in Panama, the wood-decay polyporefungi comprise many rare species (more than half found only once) andexhibit diversity that exceeds that of the supporting tree community.The most abundant fungal species were non-specialists, each found onseveral host species from multiple plant families. In diverse fungalcommunities, each of many species should infect a given host species ina density-dependent manner, so that the infected proportion of a hostpopulation should increase with host density. Applied across hostspecies, hosts with denser populations should support greater fungaldiversity. For 10 tree species, fungal incidence and diversity increasedwith abundance of the host in the community, consistent withacross-species density-dependent infection. Fungal diversity associatedwith individual trunks did not, however, vary with host-species density.Both host density and persistence of decaying logs may be important indetermining fungal diversity associated with tree species.'

'Many animals use conspicuous display to attract mates, and there should be selection for displays to occur at times and places that maximise the probability of mating, while minimising energetic costs and predator attraction. To select the best times for display, individuals may use environmental cues, the presence of other individuals, or both, but few studies have examined these sources of variation in display activity. In this study, we examined physical environmental and social factors triggering displays in a tropical, terrestrially breeding frog, Cophixalus ornatus. To measure the influence of physical environmental conditions on calling activity, we recorded temperature, rainfall, moon illumination/visibility, humidity, barometric pressure and intensity of calling activity throughout a breeding season at six locations along a 560-m transect. The intensity of calling varied daily, seasonally, and at a small spatial scale. Variation in calling activity from day to day was large. There was also a strong seasonal trend in calling activity: few males called at the start of the season, activity peaked shortly after the beginning of the season, and then declined linearly from the peak to the end of the season. There was also consistent variation among sites along the transect, which may have been due to variations in frog density at each site, or to consistent microscale variations in physical conditions, or both. After statistically removing consistent local variation among sites, a principal components analysis suggested that a maximum of 35.8% of the variation in calling activity among days was due to factors common to all sites, such as weather, moon illumination, or large-scale social facilitation (e.g. of choruses by other choruses). The remainder of the variation among sites (64.2%) was due to site-specific factors, such as small-scale social facilitation or unmeasured, apparently stochastic effects, such as microenvironmental physical factors that do not vary consistently over sites. Regressions of environmental variables on residual calling activity (after removing consistent effects of site and season), alone or in combination, accounted for very little of the variation in the number of calling males (maximum 10%). Thus, our data, showing strong seasonal effects and consistent variation among sites combined with large amounts of variation in the number of calling males at small spatial scales, suggest that environmental conditions, such as temperature, rainfall, moon illumination and barometric pressure, which act over large spatial scales, may determine the overall environmental envelope within which calling can occur but do not account for most of the variation in the number of calling males on a day-to-day or site-to-site basis. Similarly, variations in the number of calling males at small spatial scales suggest that social facilitation is a relatively unimportant trigger for displays on a large scale in these frogs. On the other hand, our data suggest that social facilitation may have important effects on variation in the number of calling males on a day-to-day and site-to-site basis. We used playback experiments to assess whether the sound of calling could initiate displays. We played either a taped chorus or white noise in areas where few (zero to two) males were calling. The number of calling males increased both during and after the chorus stimulus, whereas there was no increase in calling in response to white noise. These data suggest that examining variation in calling activity at small spatial scales can reveal the sources of variation for the number of calling males, and indicate that, in these frogs, males tend to use the calling of other individuals as a cue to determine when to display.'

'Conservation planning analyses show a striking progression from endeavors targeted at single species or at individual sites, to the systematic assessment of entire taxa at large scales. These, in turn, inform wide-reaching conservation policies and financial investments. The latter are epitomized by global-scale prioritization frameworks, such as the Biodiversity Hotspots. We examine the entire Neotropical region to identify sets of areas of high conservation priority according to terrestrial vertebrate distribution patterns. We identified a set of 49 ecoregions in which 90, 82 and 83%, respectively of total, endemic and threatened vertebrates are represented. A core subset of 11 ecoregions captured 55, 27 and 38% of these groups. The Neotropics hold the largest remaining wilderness areas in the world, and encompass most of the tropical ecosystems still offering significant options for successful broad-scale conservation action. Our analysis helps to elucidate where conservation is likely to yield best returns at the ecoregion scale.'

'An account of the genus Ipomoea L. in Bolivia is presented. 102 species are recognised in the country and each of these is described. Notes are provided on diagnostic features, distribution, habitat, phenology and conservation status. A dichotomous key to all species is provided together with additional informal keys focussing on outstanding features of morphology and ecology. Line drawings illustrate the new species described and photographs are provided to facilitate identification and draw attention to key diagnostic features. Maps of the distribution in Bolivia of selected species are also provided. 18 species are described as new of which 14 are endemic to Bolivia: Ipomoea appendiculata J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. chiquitensis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. exserta J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. juliagutierreziae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. gypsophila J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. huayllae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. lactifera J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. longibarbis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. mendozae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. mucronifolia J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. odontophylla J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. paradae J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. psammophila J. R. I. Wood & Scotland and I. spinulifera J. R. I. Wood & Scotland. The remaining four are also found in Brazil: I. cerradoensis J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. cryptica J. R. I. Wood & Scotland, I. graniticola J. R. I. Wood & Scotland and I. mucronatoproducta J. R. I. Wood & Scotland. Of particular interest is I. lactifera which is a crop wild relative of the sweet potato. The name I. paludicola J. R. I. Wood & Scotland is provided for the plant usually treated as a form of I. asarifolia (Desr.) Roem. & Schult. but originally described by Meisner under the illegitimate name I. serpens Meisn. The new combination I. hewittacea (Kuntze) J. R. I. Wood & Scotland is made and is the correct name for the plant currently known as I. piresii O\xe2\x80\x99Donell. The hitherto accepted names I. echioides Choisy, I. pedata G. Don, I. \nperedoi O\xe2\x80\x99Donell, I. philipsonii O\xe2\x80\x99Donell, I. piurensis O\xe2\x80\x99Donell, I. santacrucensis O\xe2\x80\x99Donell, I. sawyeri D. F. Austin and I. tapirapoanensis Hoehne are treated as synonyms of, respectively, I. paulistana (Silva Manso) Stellfeld, I. mauritiana Jacq., I. reticulata O\xe2\x80\x99Donell, I. batatoides Choisy, I. acanthocarpa (Choisy) Aschers. & Schweinf., I. oranensis O\xe2\x80\x99Donell, I. neurocephala Hallier f., and I. caloneura Meisn. I. subtomentosa (Chodat & Hassl.) O\xe2\x80\x99Donell is treated as a var. subtomentosa (Chodat & Hassl.) J. R. I. Wood & Scotland of I. maurandioides Meisn. and a new variety erecta J. R. I. Wood & Scotland is described for I. bonariensis Hook. The following taxa are lectotypified: I. serpens Meisn., I. rubens Choisy, I. procurrens Meisn, I. chiliantha Hallier f., I. pinifolia Meisn., I. incarnata (Vahl) Choisy, I. hirsutissima var. boliviana Meisn., I. virgata Meisn., I. chondrosepala Hallier f., I. argentea Meisn., I. bonariensis Hook., I. pedata G. Don, I. magnifolia Rusby, I. purpurea var. diversifolia (Lindl.) O\xe2\x80\x99Donell, Convolvulus paulistanus Silva Manso, C. cymosus Ruiz & Pavon and C. indivisus Vell., the last three being basionyms of I. paulistana, I. ramosissima Choisy and I. indivisa (Vell.) Hallier f. respectively. A neotype is provided for I. megapotamica Choisy to ensure current usage is maintained. Species of Turbina Raf. occurring in Bolivia are treated as belonging to Ipomoea based on ongoing molecular studies resulting in the new combination I. amazonica (D. F. Austin & Staples) J. R. I. Wood & Scotland and a new name I. sericosepala J. R. I. Wood & Scotland for Turbina cordata (Choisy) D. F. Austin & Staples.'

'BackgroundHybridization provides a unique perspective into the ecological, genetic and behavioral context of speciation. Hybridization is common in birds, but has not yet been reported among bird species with a simultaneously polyandrous mating system; a mating system where a single female defends a harem of males who provide nearly all parental care. Unlike simple polyandry, polyandrous mating is extremely rare in birds, with only 1% of bird species employing this mating system. Although it is classically held that females are "choosy" in avian hybrid systems, nearly-exclusive male parental care raises the possibility that female selection against heterospecific matings might be reduced compared to birds with other mating systems.ResultsWe describe a narrow hybrid zone in southwestern Panama between two polyandrous freshwater waders: Northern Jacana, Jacana spinosa and Wattled Jacana, J. jacana. We document coincident cline centers for three phenotypic traits, mtDNA, and one of two autosomal introns. Cline widths for these six markers varied from seven to 142 km, with mtDNA being the narrowest, and five of the six markers having widths less than 100 km. Cline tails were asymmetrical, with greater introgression of J. jacana traits extending westward into the range of J. spinosa. Likewise, within the hybrid zone, the average hybrid index of phenotypic hybrids was significantly biased towards J. spinosa. Species distribution models indicate that the hybrid zone is located at the edge of a roughly 100 km wide overlap where habitat is predicted to be suitable for both species, with more westerly areas suitable only for spinosa and eastward habitats suitable only for J. jacana.ConclusionThe two species of New World jacanas maintain a narrow, and persistent hybrid zone in western Panama. The hybrid zone may be maintained by the behavioral dominance of J. spinosa counterbalanced by unsuitable habitat for J. spinosa east of the contact zone. Although the two parental species are relatively young, mitochondrial cline width was extremely narrow. This result suggests strong selection against maternally-inherited markers, which may indicate either mitonuclear incompatibilities and/or female choice against heterospecific matings typical of avian hybrid systems, despite jacana sex role reversal.'

Abstract not available

'The northern Andes harbour a flora that is as species-rich or even richer than the 18-times larger lowland Amazon basin. Gaining an understanding of how the high species richness of the Andean region is generated and maintained is therefore of particular interest. Environmental sorting due to elevational gradients in climate has been emphasized as a driver of vegetation distribution and plant community assembly in tropical mountain areas such as the Andes for two centuries, while alternative mechanisms have been little studied. Here, we investigated the importance of topography and spatial location as factors controlling species distributions in a palm community in a montane rain forest landscape in the Andes of southern Ecuador (1900\xe2\x80\x932150\xc2\xa0m above sea level). Eleven species were present: Aiphanes verrucosa, Ceroxylon parvifrons, Chamaedorea pinnatifrons, Dictyocaryum lamarckianum, Euterpe precatoria, Geonoma densa, Geonoma orbignyana, Geonoma paradoxa, Prestoea acuminata and Wettinia aequatorialis. To study their spatial distribution, forty 250\xc2\xa0m2 (5\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa050\xc2\xa0m2) plots were laid out perpendicular to four paths that were categorized into three areas and two topographic units (ridges and gullies). Mantel tests and indicator species analysis showed that both topography and spatial location imposed strong controls on palm species distributions at the study site. Our results suggest that species distributions in the studied montane forest landscape were partly determined by the species\xe2\x80\x99 habitat requirements, but also by unknown spatial effects. Although a number of possible explanations exist for the latter, such as unmeasured environmental variables and historical disturbance events, we believe dispersal limitation is likely to be involved. Furthermore, although the gully- or ridge-association of some species corresponded to their general elevational ranges in southern Ecuador, this was not the case for other species. Based on such considerations, we conclude that elevational climatic gradients are likely to only form part of the explanation for the topographic effects on palm species distributions at the study site. Other factors must also be involved, notably wind-exposure and hydrology, as discussed for lowland palm communities. Our results show that to understand plant community assembly in the tropical montane forests of the Andes it is too simple to focus just on environmental sorting by elevational climatic gradients.'

'In the eastern Andes of Colombia, the shrub Befaria resinosa (Ericaceae) has peaks of flowering that are separated by extended periods of low flower production. The effect that these fluctuations in flower production have on pollen flow was investigated by using fluorescent dye as a pollen analog. Dye applied to open flowers was dispersed over long distances more often during low flower production than during high flower production. Whether enhanced pollen dispersal during flowering lows is of benefit to individual plants is not clear. The proportion of flowers that set fruit is positively correlated with flower abundance, negating the possibility that increased pollen dispersal results in a higher rate of fruit production due to outbreeding effects. It is also difficult to attribute the pattern of fruit production to changes in pollinator visitation rates, which are negatively correlated with flower abundance in the case of hummingbirds and not correlated at all with flower abundance in the case of insects. An opportunistic, large-bodied hummingbird (Colibri coruscans) visits B. resinosa during high flowering and may be a particularly effective pollinator, accounting for some of the increase in the proportion of flowers setting fruit. Rainfall is positively correlated with flower production and may be an important factor in shaping flowering phenology, but it is not significantly correlated with the proportion of flowers setting fruits. The possibility that low-level flowering may counteract inbreeding that results from peak flowering is discussed.'

'The large Saw-billed HermitRamphodon naevius and its foraging behaviour on a variety of ornithophilous flowers were studied at one site in the Atlantic rainforest in southeastern Brazil. The flower assemblage visited by this endemic hermit throughout the year is composed mainly by epiphytes and herbs, Bromeliaceae and Heliconiaceae being the staple foodplants. Most of the plant species present steady-state, long-tubed and high-reward flowers, and bloom sequentially. The Saw-billed Hermit is a year-round resident and traplining forager, behaves aggressively over its feeding routes, and excludes conspecifics and other hummingbird species from its main flower sources. This large hermit regularly visited and pollinated about 45 % of the native ornithophilous plants at the study site, thus acting as the major pollinator on this flower assemblage.'

'ContextDispersal is essential for species persistence and landscape genetic studies are valuable tools for identifying potential barriers to dispersal. Macaws have been studied for decades in their natural habitat, but we still have no knowledge of how natural landscape features influence their dispersal.ObjectivesWe tested for correlations between landscape resistance models and the current population genetic structure of macaws in continuous rainforest to explore natural barriers to their dispersal.MethodsWe studied scarlet macaws (Ara macao) over a 13,000\xc2\xa0km2 area of continuous primary Amazon rainforest in south-eastern Peru. Using remote sensing imagery from the Carnegie Airborne Observatory, we constructed landscape resistance surfaces in CIRCUITSCAPE based on elevation, canopy height and above-ground carbon distribution. We then used individual- and population-level genetic analyses to examine which landscape features influenced gene flow (genetic distance between individuals and populations).ResultsAcross the lowland rainforest we found limited population genetic differentiation. However, a population from an intermountain valley of the Andes (Candamo) showed detectable genetic differentiation from two other populations (Tambopata) located 20\xe2\x80\x9360\xc2\xa0km away (F\nST\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.008, P\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.001\xe2\x80\x930.003). Landscape resistance models revealed that genetic distance between individuals was significantly positively related to elevation.ConclusionsOur landscape resistance analysis suggests that mountain ridges between Candamo and Tambopata may limit gene flow in scarlet macaws. These results serve as baseline data for continued landscape studies of parrots, and will be useful for understanding the impacts of anthropogenic dispersal barriers in the future.'

'Hummingbirds are the most specialised nectarivorous birds and show close ecological relationships to their food plants. Their small body size, bright colors, and unique behaviour have fascinated generations of naturalists. In this review, we investigate the morphological and behavioural adaptations of hummingbirds to feed on nectar and arthropods, and explore their diffuse co-evolution with their food plant species. Further, a list of plant genera including species mainly pollinated by hummingbirds is presented. Summarising the existing knowledge on hummingbird feeding ecology, we find that much of the variability in morphology and behaviour of hummingbirds is determined by their unique feeding mode and the constraints set by their food plants. Based on the existing literature, we developed a hierarchical system explaining how different environmental factors have shaped the current richness of hummingbirds, and their morphological and behavioural diversity. We propose that climatic stability within and between seasons and days determines the constancy of food availability, which in turn is the most important factor for species richness in hummingbird assemblages. However, the assemblage composition of hummingbirds is also influenced by phylogenetic factors, especially under harsh environmental conditions. Unsurprisingly, the highest morphological and behavioural diversity is observed in the most species-rich assemblages. This diversity may have at least partly evolved to reduce inter- and intraspecific competition. Independently of which morphological character we consider, the 360 different hummingbird species have evolved a large morphological variability to adapt to their individual feeding niches.'

'Bolivia is a megadiverse country. A large part of its biodiversity is due to the fact that in its territory different biogeographical regions meet. As a preliminary means to understand how this biodiversity is being protected, three previous studies undertook an evaluation of how well represented the ecological regions were in the National System of Protected Areas (NSPA). However, the most recent biogeographical findings in Bolivia call for a new analysis of this sort. We try to achieve this, emphasizing the situation in the Andean dry regions, which have been given scarce priority, despite their high biological value. In general, xeric ecoregions are under-represented while humid ones are over-represented. The Prepuna and the central altiplano (which includes the Dry Puna sub-ecoregion) are not represented within the NSPA, nor is the Beni Cerrado sub-ecoregion. The Inter-Andean Dry Valleys cover only ca. 0.5% of the protected area, in spite of their diverse flora and status as one of Bolivia\xe2\x80\x99s most important centers or endemism. Although the diverse Chiquitos Dry Forest is well represented, it is protected mostly as an \xe2\x80\x98Integrated Management Natural Area\xe2\x80\x99, and thus lacks full protection. The Semi-Humid Puna and the Flooded Savannas of the Moxos Plains, important subdivisions of two main ecoregions, are markedly under-represented in the NSPA, despite the importance of Moxos plains as a center of endemism for birds. Other ecoregions have a representation in the NSPA which can be considered adequate or even excessive. The over-representation of the humid Yungas mountain forests seems to be justified as this is probably Bolivia\xe2\x80\x99s most important center of diversity and endemism. There is a need for a more proper distribution of some protected areas which consider true limits, size, diversity, endemism and other attributes of the different ecoregions in a more rigorous manner.'

'The goal of biodiversity hotspots is to identify regions around the world where conservation priorities should be focused. We undertake a geographic information system and remote sensing analysis to identify the rarest and least protected forests in biodiversity hotspots. World Wildlife Fund ecoregions with terrestrial forest were subset from 34 biodiversity hotspots and forest cover calculated from GlobCover data at a 300\xc2\xa0m pixel resolution. There were 276 ecoregions in 32 biodiversity hotspots classified as containing terrestrial forests. When the first quartile of forest ecoregions was subset based on smallest extent of forest cover in protected areas, there were 69 rare forests identified within 20 biodiversity hotspots. Most rare forest ecoregions (45) occurred on islands or island archipelagos and 47 rare forest ecoregions contained less than 10\xc2\xa0% forest cover in protected areas. San F\xc3\xa9lix-San Ambrosio Islands Temperate Forests, Tubuai Tropical Moist Forests, Maldives-Lakshadweep-Chagos Archipelago Tropical Moist Forests, and Yap Tropical Dry Forests were identified as the least protected and possibly most vulnerable forests within biodiversity hotspots. These ecoregions cover less than 500\xc2\xa0km2, forest cover is less than 50\xc2\xa0km2, and there are no protected areas. There is a need to update classifications and boundaries of protected areas, insure that islands are included in global land cover datasets, and identify levels of endemism and endangerment within forest ecoregions. This should improve our ability to compare, prioritize, and monitor forests in biodiversity hotspots.'

'Newly created academic programs at Brazilian universities have provided the impetus for new archaeological projects in southeastern South America during the last two decades. The new data are changing our views on emergent social complexity, natural and human-induced transformation of the landscape, and transcontinental expansions and cultural interactions across the R\xc3\xado de la Plata basin during the Middle and Late Holocene. We concentrate on six major archaeological traditions/regions: the Sambaquis, the Pantanal, the Constructores de Cerritos, the Tupiguarani, the Southern Proto-J\xc3\xaa, and the middle and lower Paran\xc3\xa1 River. Diverse and autonomous complex developments exhibit distinct built landscapes in a region previously thought of as marginal compared with cultural developments in the Andes or Mesoamerica. The trajectories toward increased sociopolitical complexity flourished in very different and changing environmental conditions. While some groups were pushed to wetland areas during a drier mid-Holocene, others took advantage of the more humid Late Holocene climate to intensively manage Araucaria forests. The start of the second millennium AD was a critical period marked by an increased number of archaeological sites, the construction of ceremonial architecture, and the intensification of landscape transformation; it also was marked by the rapid expansion of influences from outside the La Plata basin. The Amazonian Tupiguarani and Arawak newcomers brought with them significant changes in technologies and social and political structures, as well as novel landscape management practices.'

'M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry, in which both partners are unpalatable to predators, is often used as an example of a coevolved mutualism. However, it is theoretically possible that some M\xc3\xbcllerian mimics are parasitic if a weakly defended mimic benefits at the expense of a more highly defended model, a phenomenon known as \xe2\x80\x98quasi-Batesian mimicry\xe2\x80\x99. The theory expounded by M\xc3\xbcller and extended here for unequal unpalatability, on the other hand, suggests that quasi-Batesian mimicry should be rare in comparison with classical, or mutualistic M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry. Evolutionarily, quasi-Batesian mimicry has consequences similar to classical Batesian mimicry, including unilateral \xe2\x80\x98advergence\xe2\x80\x99 of the mimic to the model, and diversifying frequency-dependent selection on the mimic which may lead to mimetic polymorphism. In this paper, theory and empirical evidence for mutual benefit and coevolution in M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry are reviewed. I use examples from well-known insect M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry complexes: the Limenitis\xe2\x80\x93Danaus (Nymphalidae) system in North America, the Bombus\xe2\x80\x93Psithyrus (Apidae) system in the north temperate zone, and the Heliconius\xe2\x80\x93Laparus (Nymphalidae) system in tropical America. These give abundant evidence for unilateral advergence, and no convincing evidence, to my knowledge, for coevolved mutual convergence. Furthermore, mimetic polymorphisms are not uncommon. Yet classical mutualistic M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry, coupled with spatial (and possibly temporal) variation in model abundances convincingly explain these apparent anomalies without recourse to a quasi-Batesian explanation. Nevertheless, the case against classical M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry is not totally disproved, and should be investigated further. I hope that this tentative analysis of actual mimicry rings may encourage others to look for evidence of coevolution and quasi-Batesian effects in a variety of other M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry systems.'

'Current debates in the conservation sciences argue for better integration between research and practice, often citing the importance of the diffusion, dissemination and implementation of scientific knowledge for environmental management and policy. This paper focuses on a relatively well-researched protected area (Madidi National Park) in Bolivia in order to present different interpretations and understandings of the implications and availability of research findings. We draw on findings from quantitative and qualitative methods to determine the extent to which research carried out in the region was disseminated and/or implemented for management actions, and to understand subsequent implications for how local actors perceive the value of research and its role in management and conservation. We discuss the critical consequences of these findings for the future of conservation science and practice in biologically and culturally diverse landscapes, with an explicit call to action for academic institutions to support researchers in developing appropriate dissemination strategies.'

'A sample of 106 wild forms and 99 landraces of common bean (Thaseolus vulgaris) from Middle America and the Andean region of South America were screened for variability in phaseolin seed protein using one-dimensional sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS/PAGE) and two-dimensional isoelectric focusing SDS/PAGE. The Middle American wild forms exhibited phaseolin patterns similar to the \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 pattern described previously in cultivated forms, as well as a wide variety of additional banding patterns\xe2\x80\x94\xe2\x80\x98M\xe2\x80\x99 (Middle America) types\xe2\x80\x94not encountered among common bean cultivars. The Andean wild forms showed only the \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin pattern, also described previously among cultivated forms. Landraces from Middle America showed \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 or \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99-like patterns with the exception of 2 lines with \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin. In Andean South America, a majority of landraces had the \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin. Additional types represented in that region were (in decreasing order of frequency) the \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98C\xe2\x80\x99 types (already described among cultivated forms) as well as the \xe2\x80\x98H\xe2\x80\x99 (Huevo de huanchaco) and \xe2\x80\x98A\xe2\x80\x99 (Ayacucho), (new patterns previously undescribed among wild and cultivated beans). In each region\xe2\x80\x94Middle America and Andean South America\xe2\x80\x94the seeds of landraces with \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin were significantly larger than those of landraces with \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin. No significant differences in seed size were observed among landraces with \xe2\x80\x98T,\xe2\x80\x99 \xe2\x80\x98C,\xe2\x80\x99 \xe2\x80\x98H,\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98A\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin types of the Andean region. Our data favor 2 primary areas of domestication, one in Middle America leading to small-seeded cultivars with \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin patterns and the other in the Andes giving rise to large-seeded cultivars with \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 (and possibly \xe2\x80\x98C,\xe2\x80\x99 \xe2\x80\x98H,\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98A\xe2\x80\x99) phaseolin patterns.'

'BackgroundThe 361 species of hummingbirds that occur from Alaska to Patagonia pollinate ~7,000 plant species with flowers morphologically adapted to them. To better understand this asymmetric diversity build-up, this study analyzes the origin of hummingbird/plant mutualisms in North America and temperate South America, based on new compilations of the 184 hummingbird-adapted species in North America, the 56 in temperate South America, and complete species-level phylogenies for the relevant hummingbirds in both regions, namely five in temperate South America and eight in North America. Because both floras are relatively well sampled phylogenetically, crown or stem ages of many representative clades could be inferred. The hummingbird chronogram was calibrated once with fossils, once with substitutions rates, while plant chronograms were taken from the literature or in 13 cases newly generated.ResultsThe 184 North American hummingbird-adapted species belong to ca. 70 lineages for 19 of which (comprising 54 species) we inferred divergence times. The 56 temperate South American hummingbird-adapted species belong to ca. 35 lineages, for 17 of which (comprising 25 species) we inferred divergence times. The oldest hummingbirds and hummingbird-adapted plant lineages in the South American assemblage date to 16\xe2\x80\x9317 my, those in the North American assemblage to 6\xe2\x80\x937 my. Few hummingbird-pollinated clades in either system have >4 species.ConclusionsThe asymmetric diversity build-up between hummingbirds and the plants dependent on them appears to arise not from rapid speciation within hummingbird-pollinated clades, but instead from a gradual and continuing process in which independent plant species switch from insect to bird pollination. Diversification within hummingbird-pollinated clades in the temperate regions of the Americas appears mainly due to habitat specialization and allopatric speciation, not bird pollination per se. Interaction tanglegrams, even if incomplete, indicate a lack of tight coevolution as perhaps expected for temperate-region mutualisms involving nectar-feeding vertebrates.'

Abstract not available

"Island tropical montane cloud forests may be among the most sensitive of the world's ecosystems to global climate change. Measurements in and above a montane cloud forest on East Maui, Hawaii, document steep microclimatic gradients. Relatively small climate-driven shifts in patterns of atmospheric circulation are likely to trigger major local changes in rainfall, cloud cover, and humidity. Increased interannual variability in precipitation and hurricane incidence would provide additional stresses on island biota that are highly vulnerable to disturbance-related invasion of non-native species. Because of the exceptional sensitivity of these microclimates and forests to change, they may provide valuable \xe2\x80\x98listening posts\xe2\x80\x99 for detecting the onset of human-induced global climate change."

'We explored how climate change during the last\xe2\x80\x89~\xe2\x80\x8921,000\xc2\xa0years may have affected the distribution and demography of the Plumbeous Sierra-finch (Geospizopsis unicolor) across the Ecuadorian paramos. Also, given the current island-like configuration of this ecosystem, we attempted to identify areas that may hold genetically isolated populations, as well as the potential geographic-ecological barriers causing such isolation. To this end, we used paleoclimatic modeling and a series of population genetic analyses based on two mitochondrial markers. Our models show an expansion of the potential distribution of the species during the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM) compared to the current potential distribution, and the genetic data show signals of population expansion loosely around the LGM. Our results depict a picture of relatively low genetic structure of the Plumbeous Sierra-finch along the paramos of Ecuador, but there is evidence of potential isolation of populations in the paramos of Galeras-Chiles (northern Ecuador).'

'The forests of Colombia are influenced by the actions of armed groups and, in many cases, their settlers are economically dependent on illicit crops. Up to the present armed conflict has simultaneously discouraged organized exploitation in some frontier areas, and encouraged unsustainable use of natural resources therein. The Colombian government seeks to end the conflict by pursuing peace negotiations, and to eradicate illicit crops. How will these policies affect the forests? The environmental consequences of these policies are not only dependent on the unlikely economic success of alternative development, but on making informed decisions about infrastructure development in affected areas.'

'The Neotropical bat genus Platyrrhinus is one of the most speciose genera in the family Phyllostomidae. It includes 20 species of frugivorous bats that are endemic to the Neotropics. Platyrrhinus chocoensis is a species distributed from southern Panama southward into northern Ecuador on the lowlands and mid elevations of the Pacific coast of northern South America, across the Choc\xc3\xb3 Biogeographic region, a hot-spot of biodiversity, extending west of the Andes. Due to its association with the Chocoan rainforest, P. chocoensis was designated as one of the two species of bats included in the Red List of Colombian mammals. Another species of Platyrrhinus, P. dorsalis, also occurs in Colombia and Ecuador along both slopes of the Andes. In contrast with P. chocoensis, P. dorsalis is considered a relatively common bat species within the Least Concern category of the International Union for Conservation of Nature. We evaluate the systematics and taxonomy of both species, P. chocoensis and P. dorsalis, using a combination of morphometric and molecular analyses. Although our morphometric analyses support a consistent morphological differentiation between these two taxa, the analyses of mtDNA sequences of Cyt-b and ND2 revealed that P. chocoensis and P. dorsalis have no differentiation at the genetic level for the analyzed markers (0.7%); therefore, we recognize P. chocoensis as a junior synonym of P. dorsalis. In addition, our results support the recognition of two subspecies within P. dorsalis: the nominate P. d. dorsalis and P. d. chocoensis. Finally, we discuss the biogeographic implications of our findings, in particular the consequences of the synonymization of P. chocoensis, that also warrants the reevaluation of the taxonomic and conservation status of P. dorsalis populations from the Chocoan domain.'

'The close correspondence between the bills of hummingbirds and the lengths of the flowers they feed from has been interpreted as an example of coadaptation. Observations of birds feeding at flowers longer and shorter than their bills, however, and the lack of experimental evidence for any feeding advantage to short bills, seem to contradict this interpretation. I address this problem by considering a little-studied dimension of floral morphology: corolla diameter. In laboratory experiments on female ruby-throated hummingbirds (Archilochus colubris), probing abilities (maximum extraction depths) increased with increasing corolla diameter. Handling times increased with decreasing corolla diameter, resulting in \xe2\x80\x9chandling time equivalents\xe2\x80\x9d, i.e., flowers having the same handling times but different lengths and diameters. Longer-billed birds had greater maximum extraction depths and shorter handling times than shorter-billed birds at all corolla diameters greater than the width of the bill. In contrast, shorter-billed birds made fewer errors inserting their bills into narrow flowers. Hence, differences in bill lengths apparently are associated with trade-offs in foraging abilities, whereby longer-billed birds are able to feed at long flowers and may do so more quickly, whereas shorter-billed birds are able to feed more successfully at narrow flowers.'

'Some birds replace feathers after the formative plumage of the first cycle and after basic plumages in subsequent cycles as a consequence of prealternate molts. The presence of prealternate molts has been suggested to be due to prolonged exposure to sunlight, especially for birds inhabiting exposed and scrubby areas. Although prealternate molts appear to be common in many Nearctic-Neotropic passerines, these can be also present in resident Neotropical species. For example, prealternate molt has been reported in 14 species among nine genera in thraupids. Here, using wild individuals and museum specimens, we describe the presence of a Complex Alternate Strategy in the molt cycle of the Peru\xe2\x80\x99s Blue-and-yellow Tanager (Pipraeidea bonariensis darwinii). We categorized seven molt cycle\xe2\x80\x93based age groups in 75 wild-captured birds and thirteen molt cycle\xe2\x80\x93based age categories across 167 museum specimens. Our results confirm the existence of limited to partial prealternate molts in Blue-and-yellow Tanager and demonstrate the importance of investigating the presence of these types of molts in wild bird populations.'

'DNA techniques, analytical methods and palaeoclimatic studies are greatly advancing our knowledge of the global distribution of genetic diversity, and how it evolved. Such phylogeographic studies are reviewed from Arctic, Temperate and Tropical regions, seeking commonalities of cause in the resulting genetic patterns. The genetic diversity is differently patterned within and among regions and biomes, and is related to their histories of climatic changes. This has major implications for conservation science.'

'Accurate extent of occurrence (EOO) estimates are essential for reliable conservation assessments. Recent studies suggest that current EOO maps often significantly overestimate range sizes of birds, particularly for narrow-ranging, threatened and ecological specialist species. Such species may therefore be at danger of being falsely overlooked by conservation assessments. Using species distribution modeling combined with \xe2\x80\x98expert\xe2\x80\x99 review and according corrections of inductive models, we estimated historic range sizes of 15 Bolivian endemics, which were compared to BirdLife International\xe2\x80\x99s 2011 EOO estimates. The same comparisons were made for 65 additional species modeled by Young et al. (Auk 126:554\xe2\x80\x93565, 2009) to corroborate the general validity of our results. Species distributions were modeled deductively for eight, with a hybrid approach for six and inductively for one species. For 67\xc2\xa0% of Bolivian endemics, EOO estimates were 1.48\xe2\x80\x934.22 times larger than our estimates (1.75\xe2\x80\x934.33 larger for 89\xc2\xa0% of the species in Young et al.). Overestimation can largely be attributed to inclusion of areas outside a species\xe2\x80\x99 elevational range and of portions of ecoregions or extensive habitat areas uninhabited by a species. For 33\xc2\xa0% of Bolivian endemics (all threatened species), EOO estimates were 21.2\xe2\x80\x9375.3\xc2\xa0% smaller than our estimates (30.3\xe2\x80\x9372.2\xc2\xa0% smaller for 11\xc2\xa0% of the species in Young et al.). This can partly be attributed to more sophisticated range size analyses for threatened species by BirdLife, differences between historic versus current range sizes, and overly conservative EOO estimates. EOO definition and estimates are in serious need of improvement. Exclusion of discontinuities within overall distributions of species needs to be applied rigorously at small spatial scales, using spatially explicit environmental data such as digital elevation models and ecosystem classifications. Incorporating national expert knowledge into range size estimation can be similarly important for reducing overestimation. We recommend prioritizing species with EOO estimates of <200,000\xc2\xa0km2 for a revision of these estimates.'

'Recent discovery of the major geological sources of Central Andean obsidian permits a new understanding of the patterns of obsidian procurement and exchange by the Prehispanic societies of southern Peru and northern Bolivia. Based on the trace element analysis of obsidian artifacts from 160 archaeological sites, it can be established that the two major deposits of obsidian were being exploited by 9400 BP, and that volcanic glass was being transported over long distances throughout Andean prehistory. Inhabitants of the Cuzco region acquired most obsidian from the Alca source in central Arequipa, while those in the high plateau surrounding Lake Titicaca obtained most obsidian from the Chivay source in southern Arequipa. Obsidian evidence suggests close ties between the Cuzco and Circum-Titicaca regions throughout prehistory, except during the Middle Horizon (ca. 1400\xe2\x80\x931050 BP), when the expansion of the Huari and Tiahuanaco states disrupted this pattern.'

'Habitat fragmentation increases the temporal variability in species richness and abundance of forest birds. Therefore, changes in the ecological interactions at which birds are engaged might be transient. Furthermore, despite changes in insectivory rates might have cascading effects if such changes are permanent, there are no evaluations of the persistency of changes in insectivory rates. In this study, we assessed the persistency of changes in insectivory in forest fragments, comparing the intensity of insectivory upon artificial insect larvae at three different years at a single site in central Chile. In coastal Maulino forest, the intensity of insectivory is persistently higher in forest fragments compared to continuous forest. An increase in insectivory might reduce herbivorous insect abundance which is translated into higher growth rates in seedlings at forest fragments, a factor that is changing forest dynamics. Our study suggests that the variation in bird insectivory on fragmented forest is a permanent phenomenon, which might have profound implication for the dynamics of the forest remnants.'

'For a plant with bird-dispersed seeds, the effectiveness of seed dispersal can change with fruit availability at scales ranging from individual plants to neighborhoods, and the scale at which frugivory patterns emerge may be specific for frugivorous species differing in their life-history and behavior. The authors explore the influence of multispecies fruit availability at two local spatial scales on fruit consumption of Eugenia uniflora trees for two functional groups of birds. The authors related visitation and fruit removal by fruit gulpers and pulp mashers to crop size and conspecific and heterospecific fruit abundance to assess the potential roles that facilitative or competitive interactions play on seed dispersal. The same fruiting scenario influenced fruit gulpers (legitimate seed dispersers) and pulp mashers (inefficient dispersers) in different ways. Visits and fruit removal by legitimate seed dispersers were positively related to crop size and slightly related to conspecific, but not to heterospecific fruit neighborhoods. Visits and fruit consumption by pulp mashers was not related to crop size and decreased with heterospecific fruit availability in neighborhoods; however, this might not result in competition for dispersers. The weak evidence for facilitative or competitive processes suggest that interaction of E. uniflora with seed dispersers may depend primarily on crop size or other plant\xe2\x80\x99s attributes susceptible to selection. The results give limited support to the hypothesis that spatial patterns of fruit availability influence fruit consumption by birds, and highlight the importance of considering separately legitimate and inefficient dispersers to explain the mechanisms that lie behind spatial patterns of seed dispersal.'

'Dogwoods evolved in two main lineages, a red-fruited line in which the inflorescences have basal bracts, and a blue-(or white-)fruited line in which the bracts are rudimentary or lacking. The 15 \xe2\x80\x9cred-line\xe2\x80\x9d species are mostly well marked, whereas \xe2\x80\x9cblue-line\xe2\x80\x9d species\xe2\x80\x94numbering roughly 50 if some newer treatments be accepted\xe2\x80\x94are mostly hard to tell apart. Red-line ovules are tenuinucellate, blue-line ovules crassinucellate. Dividing the red line separates cornelian cherries from the showy-bracted species; dividing the latter separates dwarf cornels from big-bracted dogwoods. Adding in the blue line there are thus four subgroups, which differ with regard to inflorescences\xe2\x80\x94 and with regard to iridoid glucosides, among other things. I downplay further subdivision (into opposite- and alternateleaved blue-line groups, for instance) and focus on few traits because I aim to trace the subgroups backward in the fossil record, to decide the direction of evolutionary changes, and to infer the causes for divergence.Unlike pollen, leaves, and wood, fossil dogwood fruits can often be assigned to one of the four subgroups and sometimes to a species group within a subgroup.Dunstania (based on fruits from England\xe2\x80\x99s early Tertiary and here transferred toCornus\xe2\x80\x99s cornelian cherry subgroup) or something close to the dunstanias gave rise to modernC. volkensii of Africa and four related species found today in California and Eurasia. Fossil fruit-stones of the blue line, like their modern counterparts, can be subglobose, compressed and asymmetric, fluted, or topped by a deep depression. Such a deep depression serves to link a fossil to the extant speciesC. alternifolia andC. controversa, but other features of the blue-line fruitstones, overlapping and less constant, cannot be used to prove a fossil\xe2\x80\x99s tie to groups within the blue line.Evidence of several kinds makes the blue-line dogwoods oldest and connectsCornus to the nyssoids:Nyssa, Camptotheca, andDavidia. Commonly called Nyssaceae after 1910, when Wangerin got their traits wrong, the nyssoids are surer relatives ofCornus than any of Wangerin\xe2\x80\x99s (\xe2\x80\x9cDas Pflanzenreich\xe2\x80\x9d) cornaceous genera.Mastixia, however, may be the actual sister group because it shares withCornus 1-celled 2-armed hairs that nyssoids lack.Cornus, nyssoids, and mastixioids (modernMastixia and its closest fossil allies) are here regarded as the true Cornaceae. Other genera once thought to be cornaceous are doubtfully to not at all related. As is now widely known, discordant features makeCorokia andKaliphora (for example) out of place in the Cornaceae, butAucuba andGarrya (for example) are neither easily excluded by a listing of their traits nor easily included by construction of branched diagrams.The novelty that brought about the radiation of true cornads was, I think, epigyny, followed fairly quickly by the hard endocarp and singleseeded locules. Mastixioid fruits of the late Cretaceous were dry or leathery and smaller than their successors. This suggests that early members of the family spread abiotically or by means of animals that ate whole plants. Bigger, fleshier fruits came later through interaction with evolving frugivores. The cause of early radiation withinCornus probably was interaction with insect predators and pollinators. One species of the blue line escaped competition for spring pollinators by switching to fall flowering and thereby kept some traits that other dogwoods lost. Though birds are now the main dispersers of the dogwoods, rodents likely play a minor role, and monkeys likely played a major role when compound fruits evolved. Though gynoecial reduction was the rule in dogwoods,C. (Dunstania) multilocularis\xe2\x80\x99s multiple seed chambers reflect an evolutionary increase. I postulate that modernCornus\xe2\x80\x99s 4-merous flower with 2-merous ovary has a strong developmental tie to pairing of the leaves and branches.'

'\nHuman adaptation to the tropics by populations of collectors has been a long\xc5\x9atanding issue of debate, especially with regard to the role that collectors may have played in pathways toward sedentism and food production. In this essay, I examine significant differences in strategies developed for estuarine environments versus the inland environments of the transitional savannas of northern Colombia to analyze how these two adaptations articulate with the processes which led toward sedentism and food production in neotropical northern Colombia. Contrary to the received wisdom, I argue that the exploitation of rich estuarine environments is not necessarily a prelude to food production; seed exploitation early in the sixth millennium B.P. in the northern Colombian transitional savanna zone provides a second and arguably more probable model.'

'Regional climate change projections for the last half of the twenty-first century have been produced for South America, as part of the CREAS (Cenarios REgionalizados de Clima Futuro da America do Sul) regional project. Three regional climate models RCMs (Eta CCS, RegCM3 and HadRM3P) were nested within the HadAM3P global model. The simulations cover a 30-year period representing present climate (1961\xe2\x80\x931990) and projections for the IPCC A2 high emission scenario for 2071\xe2\x80\x932100. The focus was on the changes in the mean circulation and surface variables, in particular, surface air temperature and precipitation. There is a consistent pattern of changes in circulation, rainfall and temperatures as depicted by the three models. The HadRM3P shows intensification and a more southward position of the subtropical Pacific high, while a pattern of intensification/weakening during summer/winter is projected by the Eta CCS/RegCM3. There is a tendency for a weakening of the subtropical westerly jet from the Eta CCS and HadRM3P, consistent with other studies. There are indications that regions such of Northeast Brazil and central-eastern and southern Amazonia may experience rainfall deficiency in the future, while the Northwest coast of Peru-Ecuador and northern Argentina may experience rainfall excesses in a warmer future, and these changes may vary with the seasons. The three models show warming in the A2 scenario stronger in the tropical region, especially in the 5\xc2\xb0N\xe2\x80\x9315\xc2\xb0S band, both in summer and especially in winter, reaching up to 6\xe2\x80\x938\xc2\xb0C warmer than in the present. In southern South America, the warming in summer varies between 2 and 4\xc2\xb0C and in winter between 3 and 5\xc2\xb0C in the same region from the 3 models. These changes are consistent with changes in low level circulation from the models, and they are comparable with changes in rainfall and temperature extremes reported elsewhere. In summary, some aspects of projected future climate change are quite robust across this set of model runs for some regions, as the Northwest coast of Peru-Ecuador, northern Argentina, Eastern Amazonia and Northeast Brazil, whereas for other regions they are less robust as in Pantanal region of West Central and southeastern Brazil.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Balancing ever-increasing agricultural and biofuel needs with biodiversity conservation is one of the greatest challenges facing conservation biologists in the 21st century. The conversion of\xc2\xa0>75 million hectares of forests in Brazilian Amazonia over four decades for agropastoral uses has resulted in the \xe2\x80\x98creation\xe2\x80\x99 of a similar-sized amount of non-forest \xe2\x80\x98agricultural matrix\xe2\x80\x99 habitats. Despite extensive research on the effects of forest loss and fragmentation on the Amazonian biota, the value of increasingly larger areas of non-forest habitat for forest wildlife remains poorly understood. We conducted 325 fixed-radius point counts of the avifaunal assemblage of non-forest vegetation within a 1200-km2 region along the Amazonian \xe2\x80\x98Arc of Deforestation\xe2\x80\x99 in Northern Mato Grosso, Brazil. Our sampling included 2,814 records of 164 species, 15 and 54% of which were recorded in more than 10% and fewer than 2% of all sampling sites, respectively. In particular, nearly 70% of the regional scale avifauna of 560 species failed to use the agricultural matrix, regardless of the persistence of ameliorating structural features, such as isolated trees. At the local scale, higher species richness in the agricultural matrix was best predicted by the presence of relictual trees, and to a lesser extent by standing water and scrubby habitats. The presence of relictual trees, rather than scrub, predicted the occurrence of those forest-dependent species that did use the agricultural matrix. Our results indicate that intensive agricultural production coupled with land sparing would better suit conservation of vulnerable forest species than more extensive \xe2\x80\x98wildlife friendly\xe2\x80\x99 agricultural practices that require more land under production to produce the same yield.'

'Although carbon-14 dates prior to 13,000 B.P. have been obtained from several sites east and south of Amazonia, their reliability is uncertain. By about 11,000 B.P., however, two lithic traditions were widespread. The Uruguai tradition, characterized by bifacial stemmed projectile points, was associated with open vegetation in the south; the Itaparica tradition, emphasizing well-formed unifacial artifacts, had dispersed over the eastern tropical parklands. An enormous amount and variety of rock paintings and/or engravings are associated with the latter. Around 7000 B.P., two new traditions emerged to exploit new habitats. The Humait\xc3\xa1 tradition, characterized by large bifacial tools and an absence of stone projectile points, expanded over the broad-leaved forests in the south, leaving the open landscapes dominated by the projectile point-using Umbu tradition. The sambaqui (shell midden) tradition, also emphasizing large bifaces, developed along rugged portions of the southern coast. By 4000 B.P., groups along the coast of Rio de Janeiro and Esp\xc3\xadrito Santo were using domesticated or semidomesticated plants, perhaps sweet manioc. Maize was being grown in Minas Gerais by about 3500 B.P. Carbon-14 dates from numerous sites indicate, however, that the hunter-gatherer way of life persisted in many places long after the advent of pottery-making horticulturalists. The existence of large temporal and spatial gaps even in regions with considerable investigation makes it difficult to reconstruct the process of evolution reflected in these archaeological complexes. Correlations between cultural traditions and environmental fluctuations indicate, however, that adaptation to changing conditions was a significant challenge faced by prehistoric Brazilian populations.'

'The spotted owl (Strix occidentalis) is a threatened species in many areas of its western North American range. Concomitant with its decline has been a rapid invasion of its range and habitat by barred owls (Strix varia), a native species that was restricted, until relatively recently, to eastern North America. We assess the theoretical potential for negative interactions between these two owls by examining size dimorphism and ecological relationships within various owl assemblages throughout the world. We then review the anecdotal, natural history, modeling, and experimental evidence that suggest barred owls may negatively affect spotted owls with at least a potential for the competitive exclusion of spotted owls by barred owls throughout all or part of the former\xe2\x80\x992019;s range. While it is widely accepted that barred owls are either causing or exacerbating declines of spotted owl populations, there are confounding factors, such as habitat loss and bad weather that also may contribute to declines of spotted owls. Both theory and empirical information suggest that barred owls are likely to have negative effects on spotted owl range and density, but the degree of the impact is not predictable. There is a conservation conundrum here, in that the barred owl is a native species that has expanded its range westwards, either naturally or with a degree of human facilitation, and now constitutes a major threat to the viability of another native species, the threatened spotted owl. We propose that only through carefully designed experiments involving removal of barred owls will we be able to determine if recent declines in spotted owl populations are caused by barred owls or by other factors. It is rare in conservation science that replicate study areas exist for which we also have long-standing demographic information, as is the case with the spotted owl. Removal experiments would take advantage of the wealth of data on spotted owls, and allow ecologists to assess formally the impacts of an invasive species on a threatened species, as well as to suggest mitigation measures.'

'To combat biodiversity loss, conservation planners prioritize sites with high complementarity (ability to represent all or most species in a few sites), but little work has been done to understand the traits that influence site complementarity. Here we focus on the drivers of rarity-weighted richness (RWR), a metric of site endemism that has previously been demonstrated to be a reliable metric of site complementarity. Our aims are to assess how environmental variables individually contribute to explaining global patterns of RWR. After quantifying RWR for 18,020 terrestrial grid cells for amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals, we used random forest models to identify associations between RWR and predictors reflecting current environment (topography, soils, climate), evolutionary history, and human footprint. Slope, long known to affect plant diversity, had strongest positive association with RWR values for amphibians, birds and mammals; human footprint was the primary driver of RWR for reptiles. RWR increased with slope, levels of human impact, diurnal temperature oscillation, land cover diversity, actual evapotranspiration, and cold season precipitation, Surprisingly, RWR increased with human footprint, perhaps because human activities cause species to have small ranges or because human activities and small-ranged species tend to occur under the same environmental conditions. Our study provides evidence that climate variables, including both temperature and precipitation\xe2\x80\x94well known to drive patterns of species richness\xe2\x80\x94also generate and maintain gradients of RWR at a global scale. As climate changes in the coming decades, regions of high RWR might also change, depending on the extent to which the spatial patterns of climate also change. Elucidating the patterns of RWR may improve the way in which sites are prioritized, so that all or most species can be conserved in affordable areas.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'The horticultural strategies of traditional tropical agriculturists center on the preservation of harvest security. In addition to cultivating simultaneously numerous species of crops, traditional tropical farmers also plant multiple varieties of each crop. These cultivars are frequently distinguished on the basis of color, ranging from white to yellow to red to purple. In addition to varying in appearance and taste and in resistance to environmental stresses, the color-based varieties often differ in length of growing season. By practicing multicolored, intraspecific polyculture, the traditional tropical farmer either provides himself several opportunities to secure a complete single harvest and/or staggers his harvest throughout the year and thus, in either case, preserves his lifestyle. Acceptance of Green Revolution technologies by traditional tropical farmers would accelerate if they were offered multiple, high-yielding varieties of staple food crops of varying color and maturation periods.'

Abstract not available

'Animal pollination in a warm temperate evergreen broad-leaved forest was observed on Yaku-shima Island, south of Kyushu, Japan. Three groups of plants were categorized: canopy-flowering tree species, understory-flowering tree species, and climber and epiphyte species. Each of these formed different pollination systems. The canopy-flowering tree species had shallow, dish-shaped flowers and utilized various types of opportunistic pollinators. Most of the climber and epiphyte species had deep, tube-shaped flowers and specialized pollinators, although some climber species which bloomed in the canopy especially in winter, had opportunistic pollinators. The understory-flowering tree species had large dish- or funnel-shaped flowers and endothermic pollinators able to tolerate the dark and cold conditions under the canopy. The individual trees of canopy-flowering tree species produced large numbers of flowers simultaneously (mass-flowering) and had a well synchronized flowering period. Each canopy-flowering tree species segregated its flowering time from those of the anothers. Climber and epiphyte species and most of the understory-flowering tree species produced small numbers of flowers sequentially (extended flowering) and showed a long flowering period.'

"\nIn 1969, Ford offered a comprehensive model for the diffusion of ceramic production and Formative lifeways in the New World. Although criticized as simplistic, it was echoed by other \xe2\x80\x9cunitary\xe2\x80\x9d models, such as Lathrap's spread of Tropical Forest culture outward from a lowland South American hearth. Radiocarbon dates suggest that the earliest American pottery appears in the Amazon basin as early as 6000 B.C. However, there is little support for an \xe2\x80\x9cex Amazonas lux\xe2\x80\x9d spread of pottery technology. Diffusionary models predict early complexes will resemble one another at first and then diverge over time, but comparative analysis reveals substantial variability even at the earliest time level. Heterogeneity among the earliest complexes indicates several likely hearths for the independent evolution of ceramic production, including (1) lowland Brazil, (2) northern Colombia, (3) coastal Ecuador, (4) coastal Peru, (5) central Panama, (6) southern Mesoamerica, (7) the southeastern United States, and (8) the central United States."

'BackgroundOur aim is to understand the evolution of species-rich plant groups that shifted from tropical into cold/temperate biomes. It is well known that climate affects evolutionary processes, such as how fast species diversify, species range shifts, and species distributions. Many plant lineages may have gone extinct in the Northern Hemisphere due to Late Eocene climate cooling, while some tropical lineages may have adapted to temperate conditions and radiated; the hyper-diverse and geographically widespread genus Hypericum is one of these.ResultsTo investigate the effect of macroecological niche shifts on evolutionary success we combine historical biogeography with analyses of diversification dynamics and climatic niche shifts in a phylogenetic framework. Hypericum evolved cold tolerance c. 30 million years ago, and successfully colonized all ice-free continents, where today ~500 species exist. The other members of Hypericaceae stayed in their tropical habitats and evolved into ~120 species. We identified a 15\xe2\x80\x9320 million year lag between the initial change in temperature preference in Hypericum and subsequent diversification rate shifts in the Miocene.ConclusionsContrary to the dramatic niche shift early in the evolution of Hypericum most extant species occur in temperate climates including high elevations in the tropics. These cold/temperate niches are a distinctive characteristic of Hypericum. We conclude that the initial release from an evolutionary constraint (from tropical to temperate climates) is an important novelty in Hypericum. However, the initial shift in the adaptive landscape into colder climates appears to be a precondition, and may not be directly related to increased diversification rates. Instead, subsequent events of mountain formation and further climate cooling may better explain distribution patterns and species-richness in Hypericum. These findings exemplify important macroevolutionary patterns of plant diversification during large-scale global climate change.'

'High in the Central Andes, wetlands important to people and wildlife occur as medium to small patches within vast montane grasslands. Determining the effects of projected climate change on these high Andean wetlands is hindered by the lack of fine-scale environmental data. We used remote sensing data to develop an estimate of approximately 2.5% for wetland habitat in the study region. Assessing the potential effects of climate change relied on two assumptions. First, mean annual rainfall is an essential variable in the occurrence of wetlands (R2\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.82, p\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa00.01) within the semi-arid climate of the high Andes. Second, climate change projections indicate a decrease in mean annual rainfall within the study region. In our linear regression model the projected decrease in annual rainfall resulted in a total wetland loss for watersheds within most semi-arid parts of the study region. Here, we provide quantitative data for Andean wetlands to inform conservation and land use decisions. Our study results also suggest that conservation efforts should focus on a more integrative approach including smaller wetlands at the watershed level as well as regions outside protected areas.'

'The geographical characteristics of a total of 1839 forest fragments surrounded by sugar cane fields were studied in the Brazilian Atlantic rain forest region of the northeastern state of Pernambuco. The size and shape of the fragments as well as inter-fragment distances and the effects of varying edge width were examined using a geographical information system. The analyses show that the fragments are relatively small and close to each other. Approximately 48% of the rain forest fragments are <10 hectares, while only about 7% are >100 hectares. Forest fragments are close to each other, as fragments located 50m or less apart formed groups that included ca. 50% of the total forest area. At 350m inter-fragment distance, 98% of the rain forest area was included in groups of fragments. Due to the small size and irregular shape of the fragments, the total area of edge zone exceeds that of the interior habitat when the edge width is ca. 60m. At an edge width of 300m ca. 94% of the total fragment area is edge zone. For conservation purposes, ways of establishing networks of forest fragments connected by corridors and stepping stone fragments are demonstrated using GIS. Simulations using these techniques show that reforestation of sugar cane fields between the forest fragments would considerably increase the area of interior forest habitat and connectivity between fragments.'

Abstract not available

'Traditionally viewed as an Andean grain crop,Chenopodium quinoa Willd. includes domesticated populations that are not Andean, and Andean populations that are not domesticated. Comparative analysis of leaf morphology and allozyme frequencies have demonstrated that Andean populations, both domesticated(quinua) and free-living(ajara), represent an exceptionally homogeneous unit that is well differentiated from allied domesticates of coastal Chile(quingua) and freeliving populations of the Argentine lowlands(C. hircinum). This pattern of relationships indicates that Andean populations represent a monophyletic crop/weed system that has possibly developed through cyclic differentiation (natural vs. human selection) and introgressive hybridization. Relative levels of variation suggest that this complex originated in the southern Andes, possibly from wild types allied withC. hircinum, with subsequent dispersal north to Colombia and south to the Chilean coast. Coastal populations were apparently isolated from post-dispersal differentiation and homogenization that occurred in the Andes. Other data point toward a center of origin in the northern Andes with secondary centers of genetic diversity subsequently developing in the southern Andes and the plains of Argentina. Comparative linkage of South American taxa, all tetraploid, with North American tetraploids of the subsection will eventually clarify this problem. While the possibility of a direct phyletic connection betweenC. quinoa and the Mexican domesticate(C. berlandieri subsp. nuttalliae,) cannot be excluded, available evidence indicates that the latter represents an autonomous lineage that is associated with the basal tetraploid, C. b. subsp.berlandieri, through var.sinuatum, whereas South American taxa show possible affinities to either var. zschackei or var.berlandieri. An extinct domesticate of eastern North America,C. b. subsp.jonesianum, represents either another instance of independent domestication, possibly from subsp. b. var.zschackei, or a northeastern outlier of subsp.nuttalliae.'

'We describe the diet of the Spectacled Owl (Pulsatrix perspicillata) based on the collection and analysis of pellets between 20 to 24 December 2016, from a reproductive territory located in Zapotillo, southwestern Ecuador. Mammals were the main food source of the species, accounting for 80% of the identified prey items and 94% of the biomass. Other taxonomic groups, such as amphibians, reptiles and crabs were also identified. Based on our results and the existing observations, P. perspicillata consumed a big amount of arboreal prey or those that are located at medium height within the forest. This may be due to their hunting habits, the abundance of available prey or a combination of both. Our observation is the first to document the diet of the subspecies P. perspiciliata chapmani, and increases scarce knowledge about the trophic ecology of this species.'

'BackgroundPlukenetia is a small pantropical genus of lianas and vines with variably sized edible oil-rich seeds that presents an ideal system to investigate neotropical and pantropical diversification patterns and seed size evolution. We assessed the biogeography and seed evolution of Plukenetia through phylogenetic analyses of a 5069 character molecular dataset comprising five nuclear and two plastid markers for 86 terminals in subtribe Plukenetiinae (representing 20 of ~\xe2\x80\x8923 Plukenetia species). Two nuclear genes, KEA1 and TEB, were used for phylogenetic reconstruction for the first time. Our goals were: (1) produce a robust, time-dependent evolutionary framework for Plukenetia using BEAST; (2) reconstruct its biogeographical history with ancestral range estimation in BioGeoBEARS; (3) define seed size categories; (4) identify patterns of seed size evolution using ancestral state estimation; and (5) conduct regression analyses with putative drivers of seed size using the threshold model.ResultsPlukenetia was resolved into two major groups, which we refer to as the pinnately- and palmately-veined clades. Our analyses suggest Plukenetia originated in the Amazon or Atlantic Forest of Brazil during the Oligocene (28.7 Mya) and migrated/dispersed between those regions and Central America/Mexico throughout the Miocene. Trans-oceanic dispersals explain the pantropical distribution of Plukenetia, including from the Amazon to Africa in the Early Miocene (17.4 Mya), followed by Africa to Madagascar and Africa to Southeast Asia in the Late Miocene (9.4 Mya) and Pliocene (4.5 Mya), respectively. We infer a single origin of large seeds in the ancestor of Plukenetia. Seed size fits a Brownian motion model of trait evolution and is moderately to strongly associated with plant size, fruit type/dispersal syndrome, and seedling ecology. Biome shifts were not drivers of seed size, although there was a weak association with a transition to fire prone semi-arid savannas.ConclusionsThe major relationships among the species of Plukenetia are now well-resolved. Our biogeographical analyses support growing evidence that many pantropical distributions developed by periodic trans-oceanic dispersals throughout the Miocene and Pliocene. Selection on a combination of traits contributed to seed size variation, while movement between forest edge/light gap and canopy niches likely contributed to the seed size extremes in Plukenetia.'

'Data relating to archaeological botany are often omitted or difficult to locate in the standard bibliographic sources of archaeology because the botanical component may be secondary to the principal intent of archaeological publications. Similarly, bibiliographic abstracting and indexing services in the natural sciences do not include archaeological journals and monographs. This bibliography is an effort to ameliorate this shortcoming, especially for sources concerned with South America and primarily for the period from 1966 through 1983.'

'A taxonomic review of the Vaccinieae (Ericaceae) from the region known as Murr\xc3\xad (Antioquia Department, Colombia) is presented. This area has the highest generic and specific diversity of Vaccinieae known in the Neotropics, with 10 genera and 45 species.Cavendishia antioquiensis, C. viridiflora, Psammisia citrina, andP. mediobullata are newly described and illustrated.Cavendishia sessiliflora andSatyria latifolia are redescribed from complete collections. Pollination by hummingbirds in neotropical Vaccinieae is discussed and nectar content is reported for the first time for 26 species.'

'Cloud forests are unusual and fragile habitats, being one of the least studied and least understood ecosystems. The tropical Andean dominion is considered one of the most significant places in the world as regards biological diversity, with a very high level of endemism. The biodiversity was analysed in an isolated remnant area of a tropical montane cloud forest known as the \xe2\x80\x9cBosque de Neblina de Cuyas\xe2\x80\x9d, in the North of the Peruvian Andean range. Composition, structure and dead wood were measured or estimated. The values obtained were compared with other cloud forests. The study revealed a high level of forest biodiversity, although the level of biodiversity differs from one area to another: in the inner areas, where human pressure is almost inexistent, the biodiversity values increase. The high species richness and the low dominance among species bear testimony to this montane cloud forest as a real enclave of biodiversity.'

'This study presents an evaluation of a participatory bird census (PBC) project that has been administered to coffee farmers in Colombia. Our objectives were (1) to evaluate the effect of the PBC project on conservation knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors of coffee farmers and (2) to learn about the barriers farmers perceive toward adopting conservation practices. We conducted 261 interviews on four groups to control for the effects of involvement with an environmental coffee certification program (Rainforest Alliance\xe2\x80\x94RA) and the PBC project. The four groups were (1) non-PBC participant, non-RA certified; (2) PBC participant, non-RA certified; (3) non-PBC participant, RA certified; and (4) PBC participant, RA certified. PBC participant/RA and PBC participant/non-RA were more knowledgeable about migratory and threatened birds. PBC participant/RA, PBC participant/non-RA, and non-PBC participant/RA groups believed they had the skills to perform bird conservation practices on their farms. A majority of respondents indicated that they were performing bird conservation practices and had positive attitudes toward birds. Farmers believed that lack of environmental awareness and lack of knowledge were the main barriers to perform bird conservation practices. Evaluating participatory programs with Colombian farmers can reveal environmental literacy improvements, but self-reported surveys may not be adequate to ascertain attitude changes and adoption of conservation practices. Direct observations on individual farms would be required to determine the impacts on such outreach efforts. Bird conservation seems popular with Colombian coffee farmers, and outreach programs that give detailed biodiversity management information could help aid bird conservation efforts on coffee farms.'

'BackgroundStudies of morphometric variation make it possible to delimit species and geographic intraspecific variation, mainly in species with wide distribution ranges. In the Neotropical otter, Lontra longicaudis, variation in the shape of the rhinarium of three potential subspecies has been described but it is not known whether there is a pattern to the morphometric variation in the skull throughout the distribution of this species. We analyzed morphological variation in the cranium (ventral view) and the mandible (lateral view) of the Neotropical otter, comparing male and female specimens and evaluating the differences between specified geographic units utilizing methods from geometric morphometrics. Specimens from the entire distribution of the species were analyzed. Between sexes, variability in the shape was determined by calculating the Procrustes distances and using Goodall\xe2\x80\x99s F test. Geographic variation was analyzed using a discriminant analysis, an analysis of variance (ANOVA) on a matrix of partial warp scores, and a cluster analysis with Mahalanobis distances, allowing for similarities in shape to be identified between different geographic units. Variation in the size of the two structures was calculated based on the values for centroid size using a one-way ANOVA with a Bonferroni correction and a 95\xc2\xa0% confidence interval.ResultsThere was sexual dimorphism in shape for both views, with males the largest. In general, there was geographic variation in the shape and size of both the cranium and the mandible in the Neotropical otter, exhibiting a pattern that resembled Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule. Variation in shape between geographic units could result from the presence of geographic barriers, the spatial configuration of hydrological regions, and/or the large distances between populations throughout this species\xe2\x80\x99 distribution.ConclusionsThe Neotropical otter exhibits dimorphism in the size, but not in the shape of the skull. There is geographic variation between geographic units, and our results suggest that L. longicaudis could be a group of species. An integrative study using molecular and morphological data could elucidate its taxonomy.'

'In the present study, body length and dispersal ability were examined in carabid beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) sampled in the Peruvian Andes along two altitudinal gradients: old-growth forest and anthropogenically disturbed region. Dispersal ability was estimated by the flight-wing condition (i.e. macropterous or brachypterous) and the cuticular length of the flight muscle (medial length of the metasternum). The relationship between body length and altitude for combined gradients varied by tribe; all possible relationships were found: positive; negative; no relationship. At the family level, a negative relationship between altitude and insect body length was found; this was predicted because of a decrease in the diversity of resources, habitat area and primary productivity, and the increase in the unfavourable environment observed at high altitudes. Flight muscle length was also highly variable among tribes; however, for combined gradients, a negative correlation with altitude was found at the family level. Some tribes were either completely macropterous or brachypterous, but at the family level, the percentage of brachyptery increased with altitude. We suggest two hypotheses that may explain the increased incidence of flightlessness observed with increasing altitude: constraints of energy use and reduced need for dispersal potential. At the family level, carabid beetles tended to have a greater body length and decreased brachyptery in disturbed regions compared with old-growth forests. Increased dispersal ability was expected because of the need to find a suitable habitat in disturbed areas. Observed relationships may depend upon which tribes are examined and whether the forest on an altitudinal gradient has been disturbed.'

'\nRenewed research interest in the origins of pottery has illuminated an array of possible precipitating causes and environmental contexts in which pottery began to be made and used. This article is an attempt at synthesizing some of these data in hopes of stimulating further research into this intriguing topic. Following a review of theories on the origins of pottery, discussion proceeds to a survey of geographic and cultural contexts of low-fired or unfired pottery, highlighting the role(s) of pottery among contemporary hunter-gatherers and summarizing data pertaining to varied uses of pottery containers. It is argued that objects of unfired and low-fired clay were created as part of early \xe2\x80\x9cprestige technologies\xe2\x80\x9d of material representations beginning in the Upper Paleolithic and are part of an early \xe2\x80\x9csoftware horizon.\xe2\x80\x9d Clay began to be more widely manipulated by nonsedentary, complex hunter-gatherers in the very Late Pleistocene and early Holocene in areas of resource abundance, especially in tropical/subtropical coastal/riverine zones, as part of more general processes of resource and social intensification (such as \xe2\x80\x9ccompetitive feasting\xe2\x80\x9d or communal ritual). Knowledge of making and using pottery containers spread widely as \xe2\x80\x9cprestige technology\xe2\x80\x9d and as \xe2\x80\x9cpractical technology,\xe2\x80\x9d the kind and timing of its adoption or \xe2\x80\x9creinvention\xe2\x80\x9d varying from location to location depending on specific needs and circumstances.\n'

'Hummingbirds selected food in choice experiments based primarily on sugar concentration and secondarily on rate of intake and position. Sugar compositions had little effect on food choice, but the preferred sugar compositions appear to be the most common in nectars of plants visited by hummingbirds. Most amino acids in sugar water were not detected at concentrations found in nectars. Higher amino acid concentrations generally resulted in rejection. Hummingbirds did not necessarily select food in the laboratory to maximize feeding efficiency, but under natural circumstances similar choices could result in optimal feeding efficiencies. The determinants of food choice by hummingbirds provide a rationale for viewing factors important in plant competition for pollinator visits.'

"The Neotropical group of Ericaceae offers a variety of floral displays. Here we present data on floral characteristics and breeding system of Disterigma stereophyllum, a Neotropical epiphyte Ericaceae abundant in semi-disturbed areas with pollinator unpredictability. Floral characteristics are intermediate between those typical of bee- and hummingbird-pollinated plants: the corolla is short, white, and urceolate, but the composition and amount of nectar are similar to those typically observed in hummingbird-pollinated species. Plants are capable of autonomously self-pollination, but manual outcrossing yielded more than twice as many fruits as self hand-pollination did. Moreover, outcross pollen grows more rapidly than self pollen down the style. Our results provide another example of a species with a ``mixed pollination syndrome'' which is cryptically self-incompatible and preferably attracts high-energy pollinators (hummingbirds), but which can also profit from small bee visitors and retains the ability to self-pollinate just in case. We hypothesize that interaction among several factors, including self pollinating possibility, and the capacity to attract a wide pollinator spectrum, may result in a lack of strong selection for a bee vs. a hummingbird floral morphology, thus allowing the persistence of mixed floral traits in these ericads. The maintenance of these traits may enhance the ability of this species to colonize semi-disturbed areas."

'Purpose of ReviewTropical Montane Cloud Forest (TMCF) is a highly vulnerable ecosystem, which occurs at higher elevations in tropical mountains. Many aspects of TMCF vegetation functioning are poorly understood, making it difficult to quantify and project TMCF vulnerability to global change. We compile functional traits data to provide an overview of TMCF functional ecology. We use numerical models to understand the consequences of TMCF functional composition with respect to its responses to climate and link the traits of TMCF to its environmental conditions.Recent FindingsTMCF leaves are small and have low SLA but high Rubisco content per leaf area. This implies that TMCF maximum net leaf carbon assimilation (An) is high but often limited by low temperature and leaf wetting. Cloud immersion provides important water and potentially nutrient inputs to TMCF plants. TMCF species possess low sapwood specific conductivity, which is compensated with a lower tree height and higher sapwood to leaf area ratio. These traits associated with a more conservative stomatal regulation results in a higher hydraulic safety margin than nearby forests not affected by clouds. The architecture of TMCF trees including its proportionally thicker trunks and large root systems increases tree mechanical stability.SummaryThe TMCF functional traits can be conceptually linked to its colder and cloudy environment limiting An, growth, water transport and nutrient availability. A hotter climate would drastically affect the abiotic filters shaping TMCF communities and potentially facilitate the invasion of TMCF by more productive lowland species.'

'A method for the identification, mapping and evaluation of integrated environmental units is described. This method is applied to the assessment and zoning of a biosphere reserve, in order to establish guidelines for the distribution of conservation and management actions. The method, based on the definition of units according to observable features, enables the diagnosis of qualities of interest for planning and management, with results that can be reproduced by different operators, if certain initial criteria are accepted. Using these criteria, initial descriptive maps can be transformed into prescriptive maps which provide the basis for management decisions.The nature and distribution of the units present in the area is shown. The allocation of land-use activities obtained using the criteria indicated above provides the basis for economic assessment of development plans. A series of conservation and development actions are proposed for the reserve.'

'The fate of agricultural biodiversity varies among the native crops produced in a mountainous region. Four native crops (potatoes, maize, ulluco, quinoa) cultivated in the southern Peruvian sierra demonstrate different patterns of cultivar loss and cultivar maintenance. Contingent social, economic and environmental conditions in mountain agriculture shape the distinct fates befalling the cultivars in each crop. Three sets of specific conditions contribute to differences in the patterning of cultivar loss and maintenance: (1) proximate conditions in the local peasant economy, particularly access among agricultural households to land, labor, and capital, and changes in the availability and quality of the three endowments; (2) the social and cultural value of the crop in the local diet and cuisine; and (3) the biogeographic patterning of cultivars. Maintenance of cultivars currently marks the ulluco and quinoa crop as well as many potato and maize types. Cultivar loss besets the fast-maturing potato S. phureja and the slow-maturing maize types. To incorporate variable in situ crop-conservation programs into development planning for montane regions requires thoroughly assessing the contingent conditions for continued production.'

'\nClibadium L. (Asteraceae, Heliantheae) is a genus of 29 species distributed throughout latin America, from Mexico to Peru, and in the West Indies, with high numbers of species in Costa Rica, Colombia, and Ecuador.Clibadium includes shrubs and small trees; usually with loosely aggregated capitula; herbaceous phyllaries arranged in 1\xe2\x80\x935 series; receptacles usually paleaceous throughout; corollas of pistillate florets 2\xe2\x80\x934-lobed; corollas of the staminate florets 4\xe2\x80\x935-lobed; purple to black anthers; and chromosome numbers alln=16. Two sections of species previously recognized are here considered as subgenera (subg.Paleata and subg.Clibadium) containing two and four sections, respectively.Clibadium subg.Paleata contains five species distributed in sects.Eggersia (3 spp.) andTrixidium (2 spp.), and subg.Clibadium has 24 species distributed among sects.Clibadium (6 spp.),Glomerata (9 spp.),Grandifolia (5 spp.), andOswalda (4 spp.).'

'Reciprocal herkogamy is known to promote intermorph-pollination in distylous species, which are generally self- and intramorph-incompatible. Legitimate crossing rates are also influenced by pollinator foraging strategy, which determines most of the pollen flow in natural populations. This study reports on the floral morphology, compatibility relations and pollination biology of Psychotria nuda (Cham. and Schltdl.) Wawra in the Atlantic rain forest, southeastern Brazil, based on floral measurements, hand-pollination experiments and focal observation of floral visitors. It was found that P. nuda does not present an exactly reciprocal herkogamy, however, this morphological trait in P. nuda is as good as in most of Rubiaceae. Reproductive experiments showed compatibility relations similar to those frequently observed in distylous species. The hummingbirds Ramphodon naevius and females of Thalurania glaucopis were the main pollinators of P. nuda, presenting the traplining foraging strategy, which seems to maximize intermorph crosses in P. nuda flowers. These hummingbirds pollinated P. nuda flowers sequentially throughout the flowering period.'

'The South American country of Chile has been subjected to relatively few invasions in historic times. In comparison to the ca 610 vertebrate species found in continental Chile, only 24 species (3.9%) have invaded the country. Except for two bird and two or three mammal species that expanded their range and crossed the Andean Ranges from Argentina, the remaining 20 species were all introduced, or aided, by humans. Of the 24 invader species that currently occur in Chile, 11 (46%) were first introduced in central Chile, two (8%) in the northern part of the country, nine (38%) in the southern part, and two (8%) in Juan Fern\xc3\xa1ndez Archipelago. For ten (42%) of those species there is no information about their effects on the native flora, vegetation, or fauna. For eight species (33%), the information regarding the effects of the invaders is anecdotal. For six species (25%), there is adequate quantitative documentation available on their effects. Of a total of seven convincingly repo rted cases, two involve positive effects (increase in the prey base for native predators) and five have negative effects, of which three are on native vegetation and the remaining two on native fauna.'

'Through analysis of zooarchaeological remains from two occupations at the site of Carrizales, we examine how an indigenous Peruvian maritime community responded to imperial interventions in their daily lives in the late sixteenth century. Following their forced resettlement into a planned reducci\xc3\xb3n village, and amidst demographic decline and tribute extraction, Carrizales\xe2\x80\x99s residents significantly changed how they put food on the table, pursuing less time-intensive strategies of food collection and incorporating Eurasian animals into their diets. These results illustrate the\xc2\xa0dynamism of relations between imperial political economies and domestic life and the efficacy of indigenous survival strategies.'

'BackgroundCharacterizations of the dynamics of hybrid zones in space and time can give insights about traits and processes important in population divergence and speciation. We characterized a hybrid zone between tanagers in the genus Ramphocelus (Aves, Thraupidae) located in southwestern Colombia. We evaluated whether this hybrid zone originated as a result of secondary contact or of primary differentiation, and described its dynamics across time using spatial analyses of molecular, morphological, and coloration data in combination with paleodistribution modeling.ResultsModels of potential historical distributions based on climatic data and genetic signatures of demographic expansion suggested that the hybrid zone likely originated following secondary contact between populations that expanded their ranges out of isolated areas in the Quaternary. Concordant patterns of variation in phenotypic characters across the hybrid zone and its narrow extent are suggestive of a tension zone, maintained by a balance between dispersal and selection against hybrids. Estimates of phenotypic cline parameters obtained using specimens collected over nearly a century revealed that, in recent decades, the zone appears to have moved to the east and to higher elevations, and may have become narrower. Genetic variation was not clearly structured along the hybrid zone, but comparisons between historical and contemporary specimens suggested that temporal changes in its genetic makeup may also have occurred.ConclusionsOur data suggest that the hybrid zone likey resulted from secondary contact between populations. The observed changes in the hybrid zone may be a result of sexual selection, asymmetric gene flow, or environmental change.'

'The seed dispersal mechanisms of Salvia species are reviewed, with particular attention to quantitative or experimental evidence of dispersal. Despite having rather uniform fruit morphology, Salvia has several dispersal mechanisms: dispersal of mericarps by water (hydrochory), wind (anemochory), animals (zoochory) or gravity (barochory). Cases of myrmecochory are highlighted, along with dispersal by the plant itself via springy or hygroscopic pedicels. Despite having no visible means of dispersal, many Salvia species disperse for short to medium distances. Many gaps in our knowledge of dispersal exist, despite the fact that knowledge of dispersal mechanisms is critical in evaluating invasive potential, conservation status, usefulness in habitat restoration, and geographic distribution.'

'Knowledge of a species\xe2\x80\x99 geographic distribution is crucial to assessing its vulnerability. It is also important to know if protected areas provide effective protection for raptor species. Here, we examine the species richness (S) patterns, factors predicting S and the effectiveness of protected areas (EPA) in the conservation of diurnal raptors in Venezuela. We modeled geographic distributions (SDM) of 64 raptor species using ecological niche models. Nine climatic and seven landscape metrics were used as environmental predictors. SDM were stacked to examine S and predictors of S were investigated using regression models. This study evaluated S patterns in the 13 bioregions defined for Venezuela. A gap analysis was performed to evaluate the EPA in the conservation of raptor diversity. Forty species showed a continuous distribution, whereas as disjunct distributions were observed in 24 species. Species richness differed among bioregions; six pairwise compared bioregions did not show differences. Guyana Massif and the mountains of northern Venezuela had the highest species richness. Landscape features, specifically canopy height, land cover and terrain slope explained most of the species richness. Environmental heterogeneity affected the distribution of S and is therefore important in conservation planning for Neotropical raptors. Responses from environmental variables used to predict S were scale dependent; it is necessary to standardize methods/experimental design to study the biogeography of raptors. Priority-setting for the conservation of raptors in Venezuela must consider restricted range species, even if they are not threatened. A new territorial ordering is urgent to improve the protection of this group of birds.'

'Biogeographical studies in Amazonia have commonly taken a historical, rather than an ecological approach. General patterns have been sought in the distribution maps of different species, and these have been explained in terms of past or present distribution barriers, especially past climates and large rivers. Implicitly, and often also explicitly, it is assumed that Amazonia is ecologically so uniform that present-day ecological conditions are rather insignificant in determining species distribution patterns and speciation. However, this assumption is more based on the lack of relevant data than on actual observations of environmental uniformity or ecological unspecialization of the species. Recent studies have indeed documented ecological heterogeneity and floristic differences among sites that were previously thought similar. In the absence of direct knowledge of the past, more complete ecological and environmental understanding of the present-day Amazonia are needed for evaluating the relative roles of historical and ecological factors in Amazonian biogeography and biodiversity.'

'The zooarchaeology of complex societies provides insights into the interrelated social and economic relationships that people and animals created. I present a synthesis of zooarchaeological research published since the early 1990s that addresses political economy, status distinctions, and the ideological and ritual roles of animals in complex cultures. I address current approaches and applications as well as theoretical shifts in zooarchaeological practice. Research indicates there is great variability across space and time in how past peoples used animals to generate economic surplus, to establish status differentiation within societies, and to create symbolic meaning through sacrifices, offerings, and in feasts. The study of human/animal interactions in complex societies can contribute to fundamental questions of broad relevance regarding political and social life.'

'The South American Monsoon System (SAMS) is a major climatic feature of South America, and its domain extends from Amazon to La Plata basin. The SAMS region is vulnerable to variations of climate and precipitation patterns, which could impact economic activities and lead to potential societal consequences. In the face of a warming future scenario, the importance of the study of the past climate with numerical simulations is to evaluate the climate models and to assure the reliability of future projections. Here we investigate the Mid-Holocene SAMS, evaluating changes in strength, life cycle and associated dynamical mechanisms in ten Earth System Models simulations. Our results show that the SAMS was weaker in the Mid-Holocene than in the pre-industrial climate in December\xe2\x80\x93January\xe2\x80\x93February (DJF), but stronger in September\xe2\x80\x93October\xe2\x80\x93November (SON). This is probably a consequence of insolation variations in the Mid-Holocene, which contributed to changes in the moisture flux from the Atlantic Ocean to the continent, the strength of the upper-level atmospheric circulation, and the amount of precipitation over the SAMS region. Moreover, we suggest that the life cycle of the SAMS was altered during the Mid-Holocene, with an earlier onset and demise. Our results also indicate that Mid-Holocene SAMS changes are connected to precipitation variations near Northeast Brazil, in a dipole configuration of precipitation between western Amazon and Northeast Brazil, due to the influence of the Walker cell. Finally, this study highlights a need for improvement of the numerical models to better simulate the amount of precipitation over South America and the upper-level circulation over western Amazon in SON, which are crucial factors for a more realistic representation of the SAMS.'

Abstract not available

'Phyllostomid bats are prominent components of mammalian assemblages in the Neotropics. With many species specialized in frugivory, phyllostomids represent major partners of fleshy-fruited plants in the mutualism of seed dispersal. Here we present dietary data from two subtropical rainforests of Argentina, where fruit diversity is low and thus offer unique opportunities to test hypotheses of diet selection originally proposed for species-rich tropical assemblages. Particularly, we tested whether frugivorous phyllostomids exhibit pronounced dietary specialization in core plant taxa where fruit offer is greatly reducedascomparedtotropical rainforests.We analyzed dietary overlap and nichebreadth of subtropical frugivorous bats on the basis of >1000 dietary records plus >500 samples from a previous study in the region.Weshow thatinthe subtropics, frugivores from different genera remain faithful to their respective core plant taxa with few exceptions, rather than shifting toward alternative fruit resources available in the study sites. This supports predictions of specialization, which is confirmed to have a deep historical origin. The response of phyllostomid ensembles to restricted fruit diversity is at the level of species composition: absence of species for which preferred fruits do not occur in the sites. Taken together, these data lend strong support to hypotheses that explain coexistence of frugivorous phyllostomids on the basis of dietary specialization on core plant taxa with chiropterochorous fruits.'

'The analysis of the systematic transitions in the forested landscape and the study of the forest fragmentation patterns allow us to deepen our understanding of the changes in the vegetation ground cover. The importance of knowing the intricate patterns of the land usage of the upper basin of the Amazon region is widely recognized. This zone is one of the most diverse biological areas in the world, is home to large areas of mature tropical cloud forest and demonstrates high probabilities of stable climatic conditions in light of global warming. The research quantified systematic transitions through the \xe2\x80\x9closs\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cgain\xe2\x80\x9d of the different categories of landscape during the eighteen-year study period of the Ecuadorian Amazon Region (EAR), the forest fragmentation patterns were also analyzed based on a set of indicators. Therefore, with respect to the entirety of the landscape, the results registered for the ground coverage in forested areas during the first period (1990\xe2\x80\x932000), show a decrease of 6.99% and an increase of 0.68%; and during the second period (2000\xe2\x80\x932008), show a decrease of 3.99% and an increase of 2.14%. It demonstrated that forest and agricultural areas tended to replace or be replaced by herbaceous vegetation faster than expected fortuitously. Finally, the indices of fragmentation signaled intense changes during the 1990\xe2\x80\x932000 period with a reduction during the period 2000\xe2\x80\x932008. Percentages registered in the Largest Patch Index (LPI) were between 79.58%; 52.39% and 49.99% respectively; while the Patch Density (PD) varied between 0.04; 0.06 and 0.07. This suggests the propensity of forest cover to remain intact. The results of this investigation suggest a tendency towards stability in Ecuador\xe2\x80\x99s Amazon landscape. Within the framework for development and management of this area, the tendency is natural regeneration. This permits a consolidation of the conservation, reforestation, forestation and agricultural forestry plans, programs and systems for the protected areas in EAR.'

'The three age-sex classes of rufous hummingbirds (Selasphorus rufus) that directly interact on southward migratory stopovers in our California study system differ in territorial ability and resource use. Immature males are behaviorally dominant to adult and immature females and defend the richest territories. Here, we test the hypothesis that the territorially subordinate age-sex classes compensate exploitatively for their exclusion from rich resources. Our results show that females were able to accumulate energy stores at rates comparable to males despite their subordinate territorial status. Territorial females gained body mass at the same rate and in the same pattern as males, and resumed migration at the same body masses. Moreover, during periods when birds were nonterritorial and used dispersed resources, adult and immature females maintained or gained body mass, whereas immature males lost mass. We suggest that females may be energetically compensated by (1) lower costs of flight incurred during foraging and defense, resulting from their lower wing disc loading, and (2) greater success at robbing nectar from rich male territories, resulting from duller coloration (immature females), experience (adult females), and, possibly, hormonal differences. In the future, experiments will be necessary to distinguish the various hypotheses about the mechanisms involved in compensation.'

"Handling times of hummingbirds (Amazilia rutila and Cynanthus latirostris) visiting artificial flowers were a positive function of corolla length, nectar volume and nectar concentration. Corolla angle had no consistent effects on handling times. A multiple regression model explained 83% of the variation in handling times for these two species. The model also closely fit independent data from another hummingbird, Archilochus colubris, suggesting that it is general enough to apply to other medium-sized, short-billed hummingbird species. When examined across the range of variation normally encountered by hummingbirds in nature, corolla length and nectar volume had the largest effect on nectar extraction rates. At corolla lengths longer than a hummingbird's bill handling time increases markedly. Hummingbirds maximize their net rate of energy intake by selecting flowers with the shortest corolla, the highest nectar concentrations and the highest nectar volume. Since there is a positive relation between bill length and nectar extraction rate, it is surprising that most hummingbirds have relatively short bills."

'Stable isotopes are being increasingly used in wildlife forensics as means of determining the origin and movement of animals. The heavy isotope content of precipitated water and snow (\xce\xb4Dp, \xce\xb418Op) varies widely and systematically across the globe, providing a label that is incorporated through diet into animal tissue. As a result, these isotopes are potentially ideal tracers of geographic origin. The hydrogen and oxygen isotope tracer method has excellent potential where (1) spatial variation of precipitation isotopes exist, and (2) strong, mechanistic relationships link precipitation and isotope ratios in biological tissue. Here, we present a method for interpolation of precipitation isotope values and use it to create global basemaps of growing-season (GS) and mean annual (MA) \xce\xb4Dp and \xce\xb418Op. The use of these maps for forensic application is demonstrated using previously published isotope data for bird feathers (\xce\xb4Df) in North America and Europe. The precipitation maps show that the greatest potential for applying hydrogen and oxygen isotope forensics exists in mid- to high-latitude continental regions, where strong spatial isotope gradients exist. We demonstrate that \xce\xb4Df/\xce\xb4Dp relationships have significant predictive power both in North America and Europe, and show how zones of confidence for the assignment of origin can be described using these predictive relationships. Our analysis focuses on wildlife forensics, but the maps and approaches presented here will be equally applicable to criminal forensic studies involving biological materials. These maps are available in GIS format at http://www.waterisotopes.org.'

'The objective of this exploratory work is to test the hypothesis that South American populations of Ophioglossum reticulatum L. derive from Africa. Spores cross the Atlantic transported by wind and arrive in South America in recurrent migration. Three-dimensional (backward and forward) trajectories of spores between Africa and South America were calculated using the Hybrid Single Particle Lagrangian Integrated Trajectory Model (HYSPLIT4). The model showed possible backward trajectories in the low troposphere arriving in South America with probable origin in Northwestern Africa. The results support the hypothesis of long-distance dispersal of the studied species. Including vertical motion in the model runs allowed obtaining valuable and novel information about the migration routes. The trade winds combined with the South American monsoon could be a dispersal vehicle for the disseminules from Northwestern Africa to the eastern slopes of the Andes. As the monsoon is a periodic regional atmospheric circulation pattern, transcontinental migration can be assumed to be a recurring phenomenon that provides genetic exchange and prevents speciation by reproductive isolation. Modelled forward trajectories connect the neotropics with Africa-Madagascar, but they seem to be less effective due to their travelling altitudes. This hypothesis might explain the absence of infraspecific taxa restricted to different geographic locations.'

'\nAquatic ecosystems in the tropical Andes are under increasing pressure from human modification of the landscape (deforestation and dams) and climatic change (increase of extreme events and 1.5\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C on average temperatures are projected for AD 2100). However, the resilience of these ecosystems to perturbations is poorly understood. Here we use a multi-proxy palaeoecological approach to assess the response of aquatic ecosystems to a major mechanism for natural disturbance, volcanic ash deposition. Specifically, we present data from two Neotropical lakes located on the eastern Andean flank of Ecuador. Laguna Pindo (1\xc2\xb027.132\xe2\x80\xb2S\xe2\x80\x9378\xc2\xb004.847\xe2\x80\xb2W) is a tectonically formed closed basin surrounded by a dense mid-elevation forest, whereas Laguna Ba\xc3\xb1os (0\xc2\xb019.328\xe2\x80\xb2S\xe2\x80\x9378\xc2\xb009.175\xe2\x80\xb2W) is a glacially formed lake with an inflow and outflow in high Andean P\xc3\xa1ramo grasslands. In each lake we examined the dynamics of chironomids and other aquatic and semi-aquatic organisms to explore the effect of thick (>\xc2\xa05\xc2\xa0cm) volcanic deposits on the aquatic communities in these two systems with different catchment features. In both lakes past volcanic ash deposition was evident from four large tephras dated to c.850\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP (Pindo), and 4600, 3600 and 1500\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP (Ba\xc3\xb1os). Examination of the chironomid and aquatic assemblages before and after the ash depositions revealed no shift in composition at Pindo, but a major change at Ba\xc3\xb1os occurred after the last event around 1500\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0year BP. Chironomids at Ba\xc3\xb1os changed from an assemblage dominated by Pseudochironomus and Polypedilum nubifer-type to Cricotopus/Paratrichocladius type-II, and such a dominance lasted for approximately 380\xc2\xa0years. We suggest that, despite potential changes in the water chemistry, the major effect on the chironomid community resulted from the thickness of the tephra being deposited, which acted to shallow the water body beyond a depth threshold. Changes in the aquatic flora and fauna at the base of the trophic chain can promote cascade effects that may deteriorate the ecosystem, especially when already influenced by human activities, such as deforestation and dams, which is frequent in the high Andes.'

'Long flower tubes have been traditionally viewed as the result of coevolution between plants and specialized, legitimate, long billed-pollinators. However, nectar robbers may have played a role in selection acting on corolla length. This study evaluated whether hummingbirds are more likely to rob flowers with longer corollas from which they cannot efficiently extract nectar with legitimate visits. We compared two hummingbird species with similar bill lengths (Lampornis amethystinus and Colibri thalassinus) visiting floral arrays of artificial flowers with exaggerated corolla lengths, and also evaluated how the birds extract nectar rewards from medium to long corollas of three hummingbird-pollinated plants (Salvia mexicana, S. iodantha and Ipomoea hederifolia). The consequences of foraging for plant fitness were evaluated in terms of seed production per flower. Variation in seed production after legitimate visits of hummingbird-pollinated plants was mostly explained by differences in pollinator effectiveness. Seed production did not increase with the number of legitimate visits to a flower, except in I. hederifolia. We found that birds were more likely to rob both artificial and natural flowers with long corolla tubes. Nectar robbing was not observed on short-corolla flowers of Salvia spp., but robbing negatively affected seed production of long-tubed flowers of I. hederifolia. Significant differences between hummingbird species in the use of this behavior were observed, but males and females behaved alike. We suggest that short-billed hummingbirds with enlarged bill serrations (the edge of both tomia finely toothed) may have an advantage in illegitimately feeding at long-corolla flowers. This raises the possibility of counter-selection on increasing corolla length by nectar robbers.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Publications dealing with the analysis of species richness of island biological communities and habitat islands based on the equilibrium theory of island biogeography by MacArthur and Wilson (1963) are reviewed. Principal statements of the theory, its shortcomings, problems, and test results are considered. Also, possibilities are appraised for using recommendations developed based on the theory in nature conservation.'

'Long-term hydroclimatological records in tropical South America have been analyzed in order to determine whether or not there have been significant changes in the hydrological cycle. Streamflow data from several rivers in Peru, Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela, as well as rainfall in Northeast Brazil have been used here for the study of long-term and interannual variations on hydrological conditions in different regions of South America. The Mann-Kendall statistical test is applied to the historical streamflow annual series in order to detect trends or changes in the mean. The Studentt-test is also applied to study the relationship between interannual variability and the magnitude of change and length of data required to identify a statistically significant trend.It follows from the statistical analysis of the currently available historical river data set that there is no clear evidence of trend or change in the mean streamflow of South American rivers resulting from a climate change, even though significant trends towards drier conditions have been found for rivers in the Northwest coast of Peru and in eastern Brazil. Interannual variations characterized the hydrology of tropical South America, in association with the extreme phases of the Southern Oscillation. The change required to identify a statistically significant variation in the mean is directly proportional to the interannual variability. The effects of Amazon deforestation are not noticeable on the 1903-92 interannual variability of the Rio Negro series at Manaus nor in rainfall time series.'

'The distribution and ecology of species of cyclopoid copepods of the genusThermocyclops in the western hemisphere are reviewed. These are:Thermocyclops brehmi (Kiefer),T. crassus (Fischer),T. decipiens (Kiefer),T. hastatus antillensis Herbst,T. inversus (Kiefer),T. minutus (Lowndes),T. tenuis (Marsh),T. tenuis longifurcatus Pesce, andT. parvus, new species.T. brehmi is known from microlimnotopes in a restricted region in northern Argentina and Uruguay, whileT. crassus has been reliably recorded only from small ponds in Costa Rica.T. decipiens, with many records from northern Argentina to Costa Rica, Guatemala and the Antilles, is often numerous in mesotrophic and eutrophic lakes and reservoirs. The range ofT. minutus extends over tropical and subtropical lowlands of South America from northern Argentina to Venezuela; this species prefers oligotrophic and mesotrophic conditions in larger lakes.T. inversus may prefer mildly carbonate waters and inhabits large and small reservoirs, natural lakes, ponds, wells and caves from northeastern Brazil to Mexico and the Antilles.T. tenuis ranges from northern Argentina to the Antilles and the southern United States, inhabiting large and small, natural and artificial bodies of water.T. tenuis longifurcatus is known only from two wells on Bonaire,T. hastatus antillensis from a well on the island of Guadeloupe, andT. parvus only from plankton samples from the Florida Everglades. Knowledge of population dynamics, feeding and reproductive biology of several planktonic species is reviewed.'

'This study aimed to assess the population genetic structure of a widespread Neotropical tree species, Simarouba amara, at local, regional and continental spatial scales. We used five microsatellite loci to examine genetic variation in 14 natural populations (N\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x89478 individuals) of this vertebrate-dispersed rain forest tree species in Panama, Ecuador, and French Guiana. Estimates of genetic differentiation (F\nst and R\nst) were significant among all but one population pair and global differentiation was moderate (F\nst\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.25, R\nst\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.33) with 94% of genetic variation ascribed to differences among three main geographic regions (Central America, Western Ecuador, Amazon basin). There was no evidence of isolation by distance within regions. Allele-size mutations contributed significantly (R\nST > F\nST) to the divergences between cis- and trans-Andean populations, highlighting the role of the northern Andean cordilleras as an important geographic barrier for this species.'

'\nSongbirds must annually undergo two energetically demanding but important activities: breeding and feather molt. Due to the high energetic investment that each demands, these two events are generally not carried out simultaneously. However, substantial variation in the level of annual reproductive investment among populations may result in variation in molt-breeding overlap between them. With the goal of understanding whether different songbird populations overlap molt and breeding, and, if so, to determine directions for research on the potential tradeoffs involved, we describe the relationship between clutch size, molt, and energetic condition within a genus of New World Flycatchers (Tyrannus). Of 219 Flycatchers sampled, only one individual molted flight feathers while breeding, suggesting that molting flight feathers and breeding simultaneously is too energetically expensive at any clutch size. However, some Flycatchers molted body feathers during the breeding season. When we tested for an effect of clutch size, sex and energetic condition on body molt intensity during the breeding season, only clutch size and sex had significant effects, with a negative effect of clutch size on body molt intensity in males but not in females. Based on these results, we develop a set of hypotheses to guide future studies on the potential tradeoffs between investment in reproduction and molt.'

'The Guangala people of El Az\xc3\xbacar, located 25\xc2\xa0km from the Ecuadorean coast, specialized on the production of beads and hunting for trade between approximately 150 BC and 370 AC. In this study, I analyzed the avian component of the zooarchaeological remains to examine patterns in resource use and paleoecological conditions during site occupancy. For comparison, I also identified the bird bones from three archeological sites in the Valdivia Valley, 38\xc2\xa0km to the north. The composition of the avifauna at the El Az\xc3\xbacar site is highly unusual. Unlike at any other sites, including the Valdivia Village sites examined in this study, songbirds and small ground doves make up over 90% of all samples. The large number of songbirds and columbids is probably due to a combination of (1) taphonomy, (2) the use of 1/8\xc2\xa0in. mesh for screening of sediments during excavation, and (3) local adaptations in resource use. Novel hypotheses regarding the exploitation of birds by the Guangala people of El Az\xc3\xbacar are presented. Most importantly, I posit that most birds were probably hunted by women and children in and around agricultural plots, perhaps by using fishing nets. The avifauna at El Az\xc3\xbacar and the Valdivia Village suggest that climate was variable, consistent with the expected impact of the El Ni\xc3\xb1o Southern Oscillation on the Ecuadorian coast. These insights could not have been gained without the use of 1/8-in screens and species-level identifications of the zooarchaeological specimens.'

'Phylogenetic relationships among South American sigmodontine rodents were examined based on the complete sequence for the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene [1140 base pairs (bp)] for 66 species and between 759 and 1140 bp for an additional 19 species. Thirty-eight South American genera were represented, coming from eight of nine tribes. Outgroups included the North American murid rodents Peromyscus, Reithrodontomys, Scotinomys, and Neotoma, the Old World murine rodents Mus and Rattus, and the geomyoid genera Thomomys, Geomys, Dipodomys, and Perognathus as the most distant outgroup. The South American sigmodontines were supported as a monophyletic lineage. Within this radiation several clear-cut suprageneric groupings were identified. Many of the currently recognized tribal groupings of genera were found fairly consistently, although not always with high levels of bootstrap support. The various tribes could not be linked hierarchically with any confidence. In addition, several genera stand out as unique entities, without any apparent close relatives. The overall pattern suggests a rapid radiation of the sigmodontines in South America, followed by differentiation at the tribal and generic levels.'

'Ecologists have long recognised that populations can persist in poor-quality habitats with below-replacement population growth rates (\xe2\x80\x98sinks\xe2\x80\x99) provided there is continual immigration from areas with positive intrinsic growth (\xe2\x80\x98sources\xe2\x80\x99). Source-sink dynamics complicate the assessment of species-environment relationships, because species\xe2\x80\x99 presence or density can be poorly correlated with underlying population productivity. Yet, applied conservation research often uses presence or abundance data to assess species responses to environmental change, particularly in the tropics where few long-term ecological studies are established. This approach assumes that abundance data reliably indicate habitat quality, but in sinks, this assumption can be violated. We review the recent literature and identify a regional bias in reporting of source-sink phenomena, with 71% of the 210 studies considered coming from temperate regions, particularly Eurasia and North America. Very few studies come from tropical and subtropical biomes, where human-driven biodiversity loss is occurring most rapidly, with over 80% not providing strong evidence in the form of demographic, dispersal or molecular data. Source-sink studies in tropical regions have predominantly investigated populations exposed to hunting/exploitation, with few examining land-use change. We review policy-relevant arenas where better treatment of source-sink dynamics is a priority: spatial conservation planning, assessments of land-sparing versus land-sharing, the conservation value of selectively logged forests, and species distribution modelling. Finally, we discuss ways to improve understanding of source-sink dynamics, particularly in tropical regions. Failure to detect source-sink patterns across the hyperdiverse tropics could limit the efficacy of conservation practice, leading us to underestimate the severity of human impacts on biodiversity.'

'Species richness, community composition and ecology of cryptogamic epiphytes (bryophytes, macrolichens) were studied in upper montane primary, early secondary and late secondary oak forests of the Cordillera de Talamanca, Costa Rica. Canopy trees of Quercus copeyensis were sampled with the aim of getting insight in patterns and processes of epiphyte succession and recovery of diversity in secondary forest following forest clearing. Species richness of cryptogamic epiphytes in secondary and primary forests were nearly the same, showing that primary forests are not necessarily more diverse than secondary forests. High species richness of secondary forests was presumed due to the closed canopy, resulting in permanently high atmospheric humidity in these forests. Similarity in species composition of secondary and primary forests increases with forest age, but after 40\xc2\xa0years of succession one third (46 species) of primary forest species had not re-established in the secondary forest. Community composition in primary and secondary forests differed markedly and indicates that a long time is needed for the re-establishment of microhabitats and re-invasion of species and communities adapted to differentiated niches. Genera and species exclusive to primary forests are relevant as indicator taxa and conservation targets. Forty percent (68 species) of all species recorded are restricted to secondary forests, indicating the important contribution of secondary forest diversity to total species richness of the oak forests of Costa Rica.'

'The forests of the Choc\xc3\xb3 Region are among the most diverse in the world, however they are under imminent threat of significant degradation. This study uses species diversity and phylogenetic data in the plant genus Piper to select areas of maximum biological diversity to be considered as conservation priorities. Species distributions were obtained from herbarium collections and the literature. A molecular phylogeny based on nucleotide sequence data from the ITS region of the nuclear genome was used to estimate phylogenetic diversity indices. Three diversity indices were estimated: total species richness, number of endemic species, and phylogenetic diversity. Area selection was conducted by maximizing the total value for these indices and also by complementarity. Four regions were selected as the highest conservation priorities: the vicinity of Buenaventura, the Rio San Juan watershed (south of Quibd\xc3\xb3), the department of Nari\xc3\xb1o, and the Rio Atrato watershed. All of them had the highest rankings for all or some of the diversity indices evaluated. Furthermore, this study shows that in the Choc\xc3\xb3 Region, Piper phylogenetic diversity increases with total number of species, but decreases with the proportion of endemics.'

'Documenting patterns of published studies on the biodiversity of megadiverse countries can offer valuable insights on global biodiversity knowledge. Here, I present results from a bibliometric analysis of 5,264 indexed publications on biodiversity in Colombia published during the period 1990\xe2\x80\x932011 and gathered by searching the Web of Knowledge database. I classified studies into six overlapping subjects: taxa lists, new taxa, new records, conservation, genetic diversity, and other. Publications were also classified by geographic location and the taxonomic group studied. I found variation in the number of studies per year, which presented a long-term trend of increasing volume. The 31 continental departments of Colombia and both the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans were represented in the studies, which included 98 taxonomic classes from 47 phyla. However, there were strong biases in taxonomic, geographic, and subject coverage. For instance, 75\xc2\xa0% of studies focused on animals; and the Atlantic Ocean showed the highest number of studies, followed by Antioquia and Valle del Cauca departments. Genetic diversity and conservation were the least-studied subjects. I also found that Colombian researchers and Colombian institutions have played an important role in documenting the country\xe2\x80\x99s outstanding biodiversity. However, Colombian biologists still prefer to publish in domestic or Latin American journals, which are mainly regional and have low international visibility. The patterns I present here can have important implications for optimizing and guiding research on Colombian biodiversity, and the paper concludes with some recommendations.'

'This study uses stable isotope analysis to identify the possible origin and taxon of unusually large worked bone artifacts recovered from the site of Chav\xc3\xadn de Hu\xc3\xa1ntar in the central highland of Peru (3200\xe2\x80\x932200 BP). The site was traditionally considered to be an ideal trading point halfway between the Pacific coast and the Amazon jungle. The archaeological specimens were discovered in a workshop area located in the La Banda sector across from the main temple, and they were analyzed for the stable isotopes of carbon, nitrogen, sulfur, and oxygen. Results indicate that the worked bone artifacts are marine in origin and are likely from a cetacean or large pinniped. Their exotic origin and elaborate work have implications about ancient production practices and exchange, and they provide benchmark data and a comparative approach for future analysis of exotic bone artifacts.'

'In Colombia, like most Neotropical countries, faunistic studies on flower flies have been occasional and most of them have been primarily focused on taxonomy. Colombia is the second-most species-rich country in flower fly diversity in the Neotropics after Brazil, and has one of the highest numbers of species per unit area (2.49 per 10,000\xc2\xa0km2), based on a review of literature and national collections. Including new data presented here, a total of 47 genera and 300 species are recorded in Colombia. The genera Scaeva Fabricius and Lycastrirhyncha Bigot, as well as 101 species are recorded here for the first time. The altitudinal range and the distribution of the flower fly genera in Colombia are presented. A preliminary comparison of the fauna of Colombia with that of other Neotropical countries is given. A historical perspective is also provided in order to illustrate how Colombian Syrphidae knowledge has progressed over the last 168\xc2\xa0years. Information presented here will be useful for ongoing and future biodiversity research as well as conservation projects on Syrphidae in the Neotropical region.'

'This work provides a key, illustrations, descriptions, and distribution maps for the 15 species of neotropicalLomariopsis. In the Neotropics, the genus occurs in southern Florida, the Antilles, and Mexico to Bolivia and southern Brazil. Two groups of species can be recognized on the basis of heteroblastic leaf series: one (the \xe2\x80\x9csorbifolia group\xe2\x80\x9d) whose leaves become pinnate when 1\xe2\x80\x932 cm long, and another (the \xe2\x80\x9cjapurensis group\xe2\x80\x9d) whose leaves become pinnate when 15\xe2\x80\x9340 cm long. Three species in the Antilles are unusual because the rachis apex aborts and the distalmost lateral pinna assumes the terminal position.'

'Geophagy is the deliberate consumption of soil and clay deposits by animals, including man. Various hypotheses have been advanced to explain geophagic behavior, the main ones being: detoxification of noxious or unpalatable compounds present in the diet, alleviation of gastrointestinal upsets such as diarrhea, supplementation of mineral nutrients, and as a means of dealing with excess acidity in the digestive tract. This review focuses on the mineralogical and chemical nature of the materials consumed, and considers whether this has been adequately characterized, particularly in the contexts of the above hypotheses. In many cases, the information provided is fragmentary and a number of inconsistencies and anomalies are identified. In particular, it is suggested that for these materials further information on their mineral constituents is required, particularly with respect to the kaolin minerals, interstratified kaolinite/smectite, the smectitic minerals and iron oxide and aluminous minerals. It is suggested that total chemical analyses of these materials are of little relevance unless supported by a physiologically based extraction test, this approach being essential in any study seeking to confirm the nutrient supplementation hypothesis.'

'The Hook-billed Kite (Chondrohierax uncinatus) is a diurnal raptor species that is widely distributed across the Neotropics, but some aspects of its social and ecological behavior are poorly understood. Here, we review and report records of flocking behavior of this species at various locations in South America, mainly in Brazil. We report eight new observations of such behavior, mainly in northern Brazil. It is possible that flocking behavior in this species is more common in northern South America than in the southern part of the continent, but it is perhaps overlooked or goes unreported by observers in these places.'

'Introduced mammalian herbivores can significantly affect ecosystems. Here, I review evidence on effects of introduced mammalian herbivores in the temperate forest of the southern Andes. Available data suggest that introduced herbivores decrease the abundance of seedlings and saplings of dominant tree species in some forest types, which could impair forest regeneration. They also affect understory species composition. The mechanisms of the effects of introduced herbivores are complex, and include direct effects of browsing or trampling and more complex interactions such as indirect effects through other species. Some native mammalian and avian predators may benefit from increased food availability resulting from high densities of some introduced mammalian herbivores. In turn, enhanced populations of predators may have resulted in increased predation on native prey. Competition for resources and disease transmission have also been proposed as possible negative effects of introduced herbivores on native herbivores, but little evidence supports this claim. Little is known about effects on invertebrates.'

"Nectar guides are common among insect-pollinated plants, yet are thought to be rare or absent among hummingbird-pollinated plants. We hypothesize that the lower lips and trumpet-shaped orifices of many hummingbird flowers act as nectar guides to direct hummingbirds to the flowers' nectar and orient the birds for pollination. To test this hypothesis we conducted laboratory experiments using flowers of Monarda didyma (bee balm) and M. fistulosa (wild bergamot), which have orifice widths of about 4 mm and 2 mm, respectively, and latex flowers with orifice widths of 4 mm and 2 mm and three orifice shapes (trumpet, lipped, and lipless). Rubythroated hummingbirds (Archilochus colubris) made fewer errors during bill insertion and spent a smaller proportion of their feeding visit in error at M. didyma flowers than at M. fistulosa flowers, and at unaltered flowers of both species than at flowers with lower lips removed. Handling times were longer at both lipped and lipless flowers of M. didyma than at those of M. fistulosa, and at lipped than at lipless flowers of M. didyma. The average duration of contact between a hummingbird and a flower's anthers and stigma was longer at M. didyma than at M. fistulosa for both lipped and lipless flowers, and at lipped than at lipless M. didyma flowers. Hummingbirds missed the openings of latex flowers with their bills more frequently and spent a greater percentage of their total feeding visit in error at (i) 2-mm than at 4-mm flowers of all three shapes, (ii) lipless flowers than at trumpet or lipped flowers, and (iii) lipped flowers than at trumpet flowers of both widths. The duration of hummingbird/anther contact was longer at (i) 2-mm than at 4-mm flowers of all shapes, (ii) lipped than at trumpet or lipless flowers, and (iii) lipless than at trumpet flowers for both widths. No significant differences in handling times of hummingbirds were observed among any of the latex flower shapes or widths. Our results demonstrate that orifice shapes can act as guides by reducing the frequency of feeding errors by visiting hummingbirds, and that effects of orifice shape on pollination must be considered in conjunction with flower widths and locations of anthers and stigmas."

'Triatoma virus (TrV) is a small, non-enveloped virus that has a +ssRNA genome and is currently classified under the Cripavirus genus of the Dicistroviridae family. TrV infects haematophagous triatomine insects (Hemiptera: Reduviidae), which are vectors of American trypanosomosis (Chagas disease). TrV can be transmitted through the horizontal faecal-oral route, and causes either deleterious sublethal effects or even the death of laboratory insect colonies. Various species of triatomines from different regions of Latin America are currently being reared in research laboratories, with little or no awareness of the presence of TrV; therefore, any biological conclusion drawn from experiments on insects infected with this virus is inherently affected by the side effects of its infection. In this study, we developed a mathematical model to estimate the sample size required for detecting a TrV infection. We applied this model to screen the infection in the faeces of triatomines belonging to insectaries from 13 Latin American countries, carrying out the identification of TrV by using RT-PCR. TrV was detected in samples coming from Argentina, which is where the virus was first isolated from Triatoma infestans (Hemiptera: Reduviidae) several years ago. Interestingly, several colonies from Brazil were also found infected with the virus. This positive result widens the TrV\xe2\x80\x99s host range to a total of 14 triatomine species. Our findings suggest that many triatomine species distributed over a large region of South America may be naturally infected with TrV.'

'When a natural group of plants has over many years been comprehensively and intensively studied, a large body of data, analysis and evaluation has accumulated. It is in the nature of such work on the taxonomy of such a group that this information is to be found scattered in various publications, such as research papers, checklists, monographs, Floras and other compilations. As time and research progress, some of this information will become outdated and superseded by new publications, but other information remains current and valuable. To give a review of this can provide us not only with a guide to this resource, but also with an introduction to the group in question. It may stimulate new research, as inevitably we will find that all has not been said and done, even about a group so well studied as the conifers. I hope that this paper will meet these aims.'

'This paper reports on the nesting ecology of blue-and-yellow macaws (Ara ararauna) and the structure, conservation, and management of the Mauritia flexuosa palm swamps where they nest: clutch size averaged 2.6 and the number of chicks fledged per nesting attempt was 0.5. Macaws nested in tall dead palms in healthy palm swamps and in palms of all heights in open dieing palm stands. All nesting palms rose well above the surrounding vegetation presumably to discourage terrestrial predators. PVC nest boxes failed to attract nesting blue-and-yellow macaws. A small section of palm swamp was managed to encourage macaw nesting by cutting the tops off of M. flexuosa palms and clearing the understory vegetation. The palms remained standing from 4 to 7\xc2\xa0years and were occupied by nesting macaws at a rate of 24%. The data presented here suggest that cutting five palms a year in perpetuity would produce a stand of approximately 20 standing dead palms used by 6 or more pairs of macaws annually. However, macaw occupancy rates would depend on the density of macaws and density of naturally occurring nest sites. This management scheme could be conducted on a 100-year rotation in an area of 1\xe2\x80\x934\xc2\xa0ha or more depending on the palm density. Such a colony could be used to increase reproductive success of blue-and-yellow macaw populations, create a valuable ecotourism resource, and concentrate macaw nesting in protected areas.'

'Lichens represent an extremely successful symbiosis between fungi and photosynthetic partners. It has been suggested that lichens can enhance their adaptive potential and widen their ecological niches by associating with locally adapted photobionts. Based on a worldwide population sample of the lichen Cetraria aculeata we investigate the genetic diversity and composition of photobiont and mycobiont populations of this species with a special focus on tropical alpine regions that have never been studied before. Probably due to their geographic isolation and founder effects during colonization, tropical mycobiont populations display low genetical diversity. In sharp contrast, tropical photobiont populations are among the most diverse within the species and similar in composition to polar populations. These results support the hypothesis of photobiont switching as an adaptive strategy in lichens.'

'Plant species diversity and endemism demonstrate a definite trend along altitude. We analyzed the (i) pattern of tree diversity and its endemic subset (ii) frequency distribution of altitudinal range and (iii) upper & lower distributional limits of each tree species along altitudinal gradients in eastern Himalaya. The study was conducted in Subansiri district of Arunachal Pradesh. Data on the tree species (cbh\xc2\xa0\xe2\x89\xa5\xc2\xa015\xc2\xa0cm) were gathered every 200\xc2\xa0m steps between 200\xc2\xa0m and 2200\xc2\xa0m gradients. Tree diversity demonstrated a greater variation along the gradients. A total of 336 species (of which 26 are endemic) were recorded belonging to 185 genera and 78 families. The alpha diversity demonstrated a decreasing pattern with two maxima (i.e., elevational peaks) along the gradients; one in 601\xe2\x80\x931000\xc2\xa0m and the other in 1601\xe2\x80\x931800\xc2\xa0m, corresponding to transition zones between tropical-subtropical and subtropical-temperate forests. Pattern diversity revealed a narrow range along the gradients. Frequency of altitudinal range was distributed between 1 and 41. Only one species (Altingia excelsa) showed widest amplitude, occurring over the entire range. Highest level of species turnover was found in 400\xe2\x80\x93600\xc2\xa0m step at lower elevational limit whereas for upper elevational limit, the highest turn over was recorded between 800 and 1000\xc2\xa0m. Tree diversity decreased and its endemic subset increased along the gradients. Two maximas in tree diversity pattern correspond to forest transition zones with subtropical-temperate transition is narrower than tropical-subtropical. The pattern observed here could be attributed to varied microclimates or environmental heterogeneity. If altitudinal amplitude of a species is considered as an aspect of its niche breadth, it is clear from these results that niche breadth in these organisms is in fact independent of the diversity of the assemblage in which they occur. This analysis calls for detailed floristic studies to determine the breadth of changes between adjacent forest types and details of local species richness in high diversity areas.'

'Integrity and disparity are two of the basic characteristics implied in the scientific connotation of the physical environment as a material system. From a dialectical materialistic point of view the physical character of geographical environment of the earth surface is the unity in diversity. It is on such grounds that the two basic characteristics were put forth by the author in his monograph \xe2\x80\x9cPhysical Structure of South American Geographical Environment\xe2\x80\x9d as the underlying theme. This holds true for the hierarchy of physical regions. For instance, the physical environment of the earth surface in unity behaves as a huge whole, yet, in differentiation into continents, it displays disparity; each continent differs from others and becomes an integrity in its own right. The same is true of regions of lower levels. In the case of generality and individuality of regional types and their constituent distributive areas in different continents, the same relationship exists among them. Owing to similar origin each type and its distributive areas in different continents bear the general character in common. On the other hand, each area expresses its own peculiarities, resulting from the interactions of the specific conditions of the continent in which lies the area concerned. In addition, the South American tropical west-coast desert exemplifies an observable dynamic changes of the physical structure of geographical environment from aid to humid and vice versa with the wax and wane of E1 Nino.'

'Mercury (Hg) is a global pollutant that bioaccumulates and biomagnifies in food chains and is associated with adverse effects in both humans and wildlife. We used feather samples from bird scavengers to evaluate Hg concentrations in two different areas of Northern Patagonia. Hg concentrations were analyzed in feathers obtained from turkey vultures (Cathartes aura), Black Vultures (Coragyps atratus), and southern crested caracaras (Caracara plancus) from the two areas of Northern Patagonia (Argentina): Bariloche and El Valle. Hg was detected in all the samples analyzed, but the concentrations can be considered low for the three species in both sampling areas. The mean concentration of Hg in Bariloche was 0.22\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.16\xc2\xa0mg/kg dry weight (d.w.) in black vulture, 0.13\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.06\xc2\xa0mg/kg d.w. in turkey vulture, and 0.13\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.09\xc2\xa0mg/kg d.w. in southern crested caracara; in El Valle, the mean concentration of Hg was 1.02\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.89\xc2\xa0mg/kg d.w. in black vulture, 0.53\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.82\xc2\xa0mg/kg d.w. in turkey vulture, and 0.54\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x890.74\xc2\xa0mg/kg d.w. in southern crested caracara. Hg concentrations in feathers were explained by the sampling area but not by the species. The concentrations of Hg contamination were comparable to those obtained in other studies of terrestrial raptors and aquatic bioindicator raptors. The species of the present study occur throughout much of North and South America. Thus, they may be appropriate bioindicators across the species\xe2\x80\x99 range, which is particularly useful as a surrogate, especially in distribution areas shared with endangered scavengers such as the California condor (Gymnopsys californianus) and the Andean Condor (Vultur gryphus).'

'Host-parasite relationships and the uses of mycological data in plant classification are discussed. An important function of data from Uredinales is to indicate relative ages of origin for different groups of plants. When evolving rust lineages can be recognized they may provide detailed guidance on the direction of evolution. The available published and unpublished information in the field is reviewed. Rosaceae, Fabaceae, Onagraceae, Scrophulariaceae, Asteraceae, Poaceae, Cyperaceae, and Liliales are discussed in greatest detail. Some conclusions on relative ages in the monocotyledons are presented. It appears that Juncaceae must have been derived from Cyperaceae, by partial reversion to entomophily, rather than the reverse.'

'The purpose of this study was to evaluate the accuracy and skill of the UK Met Office Hadley Center Regional Climate Model (HadRM3P) in describing the seasonal variability of the main climatological features over South America and adjacent oceans, in long-term simulations (30\xc2\xa0years, 1961\xe2\x80\x931990). The analysis was performed using seasonal averages from observed and simulated precipitation, temperature, and lower- and upper-level circulation. Precipitation and temperature patterns as well as the main general circulation features, including details captured by the model at finer scales than those resolved by the global model, were simulated by the model. However, in the regional model, there are still systematic errors which might be related to the physics of the model (convective schemes, topography, and land-surface processes) and the lateral boundary conditions and possible biases inherited from the global model.'

Abstract not available

'A description is given of chemistry and biological data of the Sin\xc3\xba river system in Western Colombia and the consequences of inundation of tropical rain forest by dam construction.'

'Roads have important effects on wildlife, such as natural habitat fragmentation and degradation and direct killing of fauna, which leads to reductions in wildlife population size. We focused on a principal road in Northwest Argentina to test for the effect of seasonality and landscape features on the composition of road-killed wildlife. We conducted regularly scheduled road trips during the dry and wet seasons. We recorded the presence or absence of a vegetation curtain or hedge along the road. We measured land use by remote sensing in a 500\xe2\x80\x89m buffer\xc2\xa0along the road. We compared the abundance of animals killed between seasons (dry and wet) for different taxonomic groups (mammals, birds and reptiles) and for different origins (domestic and native). We built linear mixed models to test the effect of landscape features on the abundance of killed animals. Two hundred and ninety-three individuals were killed, belonging to 35 species; 75.8\xe2\x80\x89% were native and 24.2\xe2\x80\x89% domestic species. The majority of animals killed were mid-sized mammals. More animals were killed during the dry season. The most important factors to explain the wildlife road-killing were the season and the proportion of agricultural landscape. The composition of the killed animals changed with the season. The proportion of agricultural landscape incremented the number of killed birds and mammals during both seasons, without affecting reptiles. The ratio of wild to domestic animals killed was dependent on the season. This study sets a precedent as the first in road ecology in Northwest Argentina and should be taken into account for road planning and regulation.'

"Internal migration from the Peruvian highlands and rural areas has burdened urban areas with rapid growth. Urban expansion is threatening the desert habitat and unique vegetation communities surrounding Arequipa, one of Peru's largest cities. A 511 ha tract contiguous to the city of Arequipa has been informally designated an ecological park. Analysis of Landsat satellite imagery over a 16-year interval indicates that urban expansion is occurring in the direction of the park. The land use/land cover change analysis revealed other landscape patterns and processes, such as agricultural expansion, which are relevant to the study area. These dynamics, plus principles of landscape ecology, suggest that the park's size and shape may not be the most suitable. Conservation alternatives include the expansion of the park, the spatial connection to another nature reserve, or the design of co-management strategies. Given local historical events and the paucity of regional conservation efforts, social actors in Arequipa and in national governmental institutions will need to find practical ways to collaborate."

'The edible fruits of Spondias purpurea are valued highly throughout the Ecuadorian coastal plain and Andes where they are cultivated. They are also exported to Colombia and Peru. The fruits are either eaten fresh or processed into various products such as marmalade, wine, and liquor, all with promising market potential. This paper describes the annual cultivation cycle including, propagation, harvest and processing, yields, and socioeconomic importance of the fruits. In 1995, the total volume of the harvest in Ambuqu\xc3\xad, province of Imbabura, was 130 000 kg with an average yield of 3250 kg/ha. Gross earnings was 472 US$/ha. The net gain was 314 US$/ha which represents six times the official monthly minimum wage in Ecuador. Spondias purpurea can grow and develop normally on rocky substrates and other marginal soils of otherwise low agricultural value.'

'\nCapparicordis, genus novum is established for Capparicordis crotonoides, C. tweediana, and C. yunckeri, all new combinations here established for three former species of the New World Capparis, Sect. Colicodendron. The first two are xerophytic shrubs or small trees easily separated by flower color, and the last is a grapple-hook scrambler of which flowers are unknown. They have allopatric distributions: C. crotonoides is found in Peru and Ecuador west of the Andes, C. tweediana from Argentina to Bolivia and Paraguay east of the Andes, whereas C. yunckeri is a rare, local endemic from the arid woodlands near Coyoles in northern Honduras. All have stellate pubescence, broadly cordate to subrotund-reniform leaves with (sub)palmate venation at the leaf blade base; a valvate calyx with closed aestivation; baccate subspherical fruits dehiscent by 2\xe2\x80\x934 valves (indehiscent in C. yunckeri?); cochleate-reniform seeds surrounded by a pulp-derived sarcotesta densely infiltrated by unbranched, unicellular hairs from the testa; and snow-white embryos. Capparicordis crotonoides has n=8 chromosomes.'

'The times of onset and completion of the hunting flights of three colonies of neotropical bats, each comprising 100\xe2\x80\x93200 individuals, were observed for nine months. The colonies were of different species: Molossus ater (M.a.) and Molossus molossus (M.m.) of the Molossidae, and Myotis nigricans (My. n.) of the Vespertilionidae. Individuals of Phyllostomus hastatus (P.h., Phyllostomidae) were also observed. All the bats roosted in a building near Restrepo, Colombia (4\xc2\xb016\xe2\x80\xb2N, 73\xc2\xb034\xe2\x80\xb2W). Times of emergence in the evening and the return of the last animals in the morning were recorded on 2 to 3 successive days each month. For all bats, the emergence time changed in parallel with that of sunset, and the return paralleled sunrise (Fig. 1). Accordingly, the duration of the activity period is positively correlated with the duration of the night. No annual periodic changes in phase (re sunset/sunrise) of the onset and end of flight activity could be demonstrated, but there was a close relationship between the timing of activity and particular light intensities during twilight (Fig. 4). The first flyers of M.a. appear at the highest intensity (30\xe2\x80\x93300 lx) and those of My. n. at the lowest (0.1\xe2\x80\x935 lx); the last flyers to return appear in the opposite sequence. For each species, the return to the roost usually occurs at a lower intensity than the departure. These findings, made with four neotropical bat species, differ from those of Subbaraj and Chandrashekaran (1977) with the emballonurid bat Taphozous that they studied at 9\xc2\xb058\xe2\x80\xb2 N in India. The ecological factors that may play a role in timing the flight activity of tropical bats are discussed. \xe2\x80\x9cSunset-related timing\xe2\x80\x9d, based on the combined effect of (a) the circadian oscillation in \xe2\x80\x9carousal\xe2\x80\x9d and (b) the transition during twilight to a light-intensity range with reduced inhibition of activity (lightsampling behavior), tends to be the rule in tropical bats; \xe2\x80\x9ctime-of-day-related timing\xe2\x80\x9d is the exception.'

'BackgroundThe Neotropical ovenbird-woodcreeper family (Furnariidae) is an avian group characterized by exceptionally diverse ecomorphological adaptations. For instance, members of the family are known to construct nests of a remarkable variety. This offers a unique opportunity to examine whether changes in nest design, accompanied by expansions into new habitats, facilitates diversification. We present a multi-gene phylogeny and age estimates for the ovenbird-woodcreeper family and use these results to estimate the degree of convergent evolution in both phenotype and habitat utilisation. Furthermore, we discuss whether variation in species richness among ovenbird clades could be explained by differences in clade-specific diversification rates, and whether these rates differ among lineages with different nesting habits. In addition, the systematic positions of some enigmatic ovenbird taxa and the postulated monophyly of some species-rich genera are evaluated.ResultsThe phylogenetic results reveal new examples of convergent evolution and show that ovenbirds have independently colonized open habitats at least six times. The calculated age estimates suggest that the ovenbird-woodcreeper family started to diverge at ca 33 Mya, and that the timing of habitat shifts into open environments may be correlated with the aridification of South America during the last 15 My. The results also show that observed large differences in species richness among clades can be explained by a substantial variation in net diversification rates. The synallaxines, which generally are adapted to dry habitats and build exposed vegetative nests, had the highest diversification rate of all major furnariid clades.ConclusionSeveral key features may have played an important role for the radiation and evolution of convergent phenotypes in the ovenbird-woodcreeper family. Our results suggest that changes in nest building strategy and adaptation to novel habitats may have played an important role in a diversification that included multiple radiations into more open and bushy environments. The synallaxines were found to have had a particularly high diversification rate, which may be explained by their ability to build exposed vegetative nests and thus to expand into a variety of novel habitats that emerged during a period of cooling and aridification in South America.'

'High elevation ecosystems are likely more sensitive to climate change. But, due to paucity of instrumental records, such effects are poorly studied, particularly in mountains outside Europe and North America. Here, we quantified water body area fluctuations for the last 32\xc2\xa0years in 15 lakes spread over an area of 14.3 million ha in the Argentine Puna, through the classification of Landsat images; and we quantified peatlands NDVI (a proxy of vegetation productivity) from MODIS images. We evaluated the pairwise similarity between lakes interannual fluctuations and their relationship with climate models (TRMM 3B43 v7; CRU TS 4.10) and potential controls (ENSO index); and the correlations between water body area and the NDVI variation of its associated peatlands. Lakes were grouped in two clusters defined by their synchronic water body area variability and these clusters define two main geographic zones: NE and SW. Consistent with previous observations of an overall aridization trend, water body area generally decreased but showed large variability among lakes. Peatlands productivity was more correlated with lake variability than with modeled precipitation, and lake water body area was weakly related to indices of ENSO, providing an additional tool to relate local climate with continental and global climate models. The analysis shows that lake behavior is highly variable spatially and temporally, and that satellite-based monitoring is a valuable tool for assessing ecological conditions of wetlands in the region, characterized by the lack of climatic instrumental records; and to explore the vulnerability of wetlands to climate change.'

'An abnormally high bioproductivity of modern water basins arises as two factors are combined, i.e., cold surface waters rich in oxygen and moderate gas flows ascending from the fault zones at the sea bottom. Gas bubbles bring nutrients of endogenous nature to the surface; these are nitrogen, phosphorus, and microelements, which provide rapid development of phytoplankton, the basis of food chains. Quasiperiodic intensification of deep degassing results in reducing gases blowing through the surface water layer and rapid mass destruction of the aerobic biota and intense development of anaerobic organisms (red tide). This scenario also occurred in the past geologic epochs.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Interactions between a Chilean mistletoe, quintral (Tristerix tetrandrus, Loranthaceae) and its potential host plants were studied at a site with mediterranean type climate. The results show that the distribution of T. tetrandrus is related to the behavior of avian dispersers, which feed on its fruit, and evacuate the seeds at random in the field, but the distribution is also influenced bymicroenvironmental conditions, survival of seedlings is hampered at drier locations. The infection capacity of the seeds is increased after birds have eliminated the fruit coat.Survival of T. tetrandrus seeds differed depending on the species to which they were attached experimentally. Seeds germinated, and plants developed on Colliguaya odorifera and Kageneckia oblonga, previously reported as susceptible to infection. Survival was significantly higher on C. odorifera, although in the field it is infected less frequently than K. oblonga. In species on which no T. tetrandrus has been previously reported, resistance to infection might be ascribed to different mechanisms: in Quillaja saponaria, differentiation of cork layers apparently prevents penetration by haustoria; in Lithraea caustica haustoria enter the cortex and phloem, but no further development ensues.\nK. oblonga seldom bears more than one T. tetrandrus plant. Experimental inoculations showed that significantly more seeds developed into plants on K. oblonga individuals not previously infected with quintral, suggesting that they become resistant to infection.'

'BackgroundLittle is known about the role ecological shifts play in the evolution of Neotropical radiations that have colonized a variety of environments. We here examine habitat shifts in the evolutionary history of Elaenia flycatchers, a Neotropical bird lineage that lives in a range of forest and open habitats. We evaluate phylogenetic relationships within the genus based on mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequence data, and then employ parsimony-based and Bayesian methods to reconstruct preferences for a number of habitat types and migratory behaviour throughout the evolutionary history of the genus. Using a molecular clock approach, we date the most important habitat shifts.ResultsOur analyses resolve phylogenetic relationships among Elaenia species and confirm several species associations predicted by morphology while furnishing support for other taxon placements that are in conflict with traditional classification, such as the elevation of various Elaenia taxa to species level. While savannah specialism is restricted to one basal clade within the genus, montane forest was invaded from open habitat only on a limited number of occasions. Riparian growth may have been favoured early on in the evolution of the main Elaenia clade and subsequently been deserted on several occasions. Austral long-distance migratory behaviour evolved on several occasions.ConclusionAncestral reconstructions of habitat preferences reveal pronounced differences not only in the timing of the emergence of certain habitat preferences, but also in the frequency of habitat shifts. The early origin of savannah specialism in Elaenia highlights the importance of this habitat in Neotropical Pliocene and late Miocene biogeography. While forest in old mountain ranges such as the Tepuis and the Brazilian Shield was colonized early on, the most important colonization event of montane forest was in conjunction with Pliocene Andean uplift. Riparian habitats may have played an important role in facilitating habitat shifts by birds expanding up the mountains along streams and adapting to newly emerging montane forest habitat.'

"This paper aims to throw light on the mass extinction that is overtaking Earth's species. Using an analytic methodology developed for an earlier partial assessment, it focuses on a series of \xe2\x80\x98hot-spot\xe2\x80\x99 areas, these being areas that (a) feature exceptional concentrations of species with high levels of endemism, and (b) face exceptional threats of destruction. The paper identifies another eight such areas, four of them in tropical forests and four in Mediterranean-type zones. The analysis reveals that the four tropical-forest areas contain at least 2,835 endemic plant species in 18,700 km2, or 1.1 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.013 percent of Earth's land surface; and that the four Mediterranean-type areas contain 12,720 endemic plan: species in 435,700 km2, or 5.1 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.3 percent of the Earth's land surface. Taken together, these eight hot-spot areas contain 15,555 endemic plant species in 454,400 km2, or 6.2 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.3 percent of Earth's land surface. This is to be compared with the earlier hot-spots analysis of 10 tropical-forest areas, with 34,400 endemic plant species in 292,000 km2, or 13.8 percent of Earth's plant species in 0.2 percent of Earth's land surface.Taking all 18 hot-spot areas together, we find they support 49,955 endemic plant species, or 20 percent of Earth's plant species, in 746,400 km2, or 0.5 percent of Earth's land surface. This means that one fifth of Earth's plant species are confined to half of one percent of the Earth's land surface \xe2\x80\x94 and they occur in habitats that are mostly threatened with imminent destruction.By concentrating on these hot-spot areas where needs are greatest and where the pay-off from safeguard measures would be greatest, conservationists can engage in a more systematised response to the challenge of large scale impending extinctions."

'BackgroundThe exotic pepper species Capsicum baccatum, also known as the aji or Peruvian hot pepper, is comprised of wild and domesticated botanical forms. The species is a valuable source of new genes useful for improving fruit quality and disease resistance in C. annuum sweet bell and hot chile pepper. However, relatively little research has been conducted to characterize the species, thus limiting its utilization. The structure of genetic diversity in a plant germplasm collection is significantly influenced by its ecogeographical distribution. Together with DNA fingerprints derived from AFLP markers, we evaluated variation in fruit and plant morphology of plants collected across the species native range in South America and evaluated these characters in combination with the unique geography, climate and ecology at different sites where plants originated.ResultsThe present study mapped the ecogeographic distribution, analyzed the spatial genetic structure, and assessed the relationship between the spatial genetic pattern and the variation of morphological traits in a diverse C. baccatum germplasm collection spanning the species distribution. A combined diversity analysis was carried out on the USDA-ARS C. baccatum germplasm collection using data from GIS, morphological traits and AFLP markers. The results demonstrate that the C. baccatum collection covers wide geographic areas and is adapted to divergent ecological conditions in South America ranging from cool Andean highland to Amazonia rainforest. A high level of morphological diversity was evident in the collection, with fruit weight the leading variable. The fruit weight distribution pattern was compatible to AFLP-based clustering analysis for the collection. A significant spatial structure was observed in the C. baccatum gene pool. Division of the domesticated germplasm into two major regional groups (Western and Eastern) was further supported by the pattern of spatial population structure.ConclusionsThe results reported improve our understanding of the combined effects of geography, ecology and human intervention on organization of the C. baccatum genepool. The results will facilitate utilization of C. baccatum for crop improvement and species conservation by providing a framework for efficient germplasm collection management and guidance for future plant acquisitions.'

'Long-term monitoring of tropical forest animals lags far behind long-term monitoring of tropical forest plants, compromising ecologists\xe2\x80\x99 ability to identify parallel trends. On 257 occasions over 4\xc2\xa0years, park guards in a newly protected lowland Amazonian forest in southeastern Peru tallied individuals of 31 reptile, bird, and mammal species sighted along a 47-km stretch of river. Each survey entailed ~3\xc2\xa0h of observation from a motorized boat; total survey effort was 892\xc2\xa0h and ~12,048\xc2\xa0km. Our primary goals were descriptive: to establish baseline sighting rates for these species and to document trends over time and the influence of environmental and sampling factors on sightings. Our secondary goals were to identify the advantages and disadvantages of river-based monitoring and to assess how useful these data are for ecologists and protected areas managers. Over the 4\xc2\xa0years of monitoring we observed 1.8 animals/km. More than 90% of recorded individuals belonged to seven common taxa: two reptiles, four birds, and one mammal. Season was the most frequent correlate of sighting frequency; sightings increased in dry season. For the majority of taxa common enough to analyze, sightings increased over the 4\xc2\xa0years of monitoring; this is possibly a result of reduced hunting since the establishment of the protected area. Compared to forest-based surveys, river-based surveys were inefficient at recording most mammals. Results to date suggest that river-based surveys can be a valuable, inexpensive tool for monitoring some ecologically important Amazonian animals, and especially those in protected areas.'

Abstract not available

'In this essay I briefly review the history of Moche studies, the essential features of this archaeological culture of the North Coast of Peru (ca. 1900\xe2\x80\x931100 B.P.), and its general economy. I then present current issues, discussions, and debates on Moche regional political organization, religion, warfare, and their interrelations. I suggest that the interpretation of Moche art has been and the interpretation of archaeology has lacked nuance. I question the proposal of warfare as \xe2\x80\x9critual,\xe2\x80\x9d that the temple mound complexes were centers of political power, that the elite buried in them were rulers, that the compounds and streets near them were cities, and whether proposals for a conquest Moche state are plausible. I suggest that these and other interpretations about the Moche are becoming accepted as facts without considering alternative interpretations of the data and that much information is lacking. Rather than having reached a stage when we can synthesize concepts about Moche culture we are only just beginning to understand it.'

Abstract not available

'Endemicity is important for the delimitation of conservation areas. Endemic areas are those that contain two or more taxa with their distribution restricted to the area. The aim of this study was to detect endemic areas for palms in the Amazon region and to determine whether the species that define these endemic areas are protected within conservation units. Records of occurrence were extracted from the global biodiversity information facility (GBIF). The final dataset consisted of 17,310 records, for 177 species of Amazonian palms. For analysis we used parsimony analysis of endemicity (PAE) and NDM-VNDM program, and grid square size of 1\xc2\xb0 and 3\xc2\xb0 as operational geographic units (OGUs). The distribution of endemic species was superimposed on occurrence of the conservation units (CUs). PAE did not show endemic areas in grid squares of 1\xc2\xb0, but found 10 palm endemic areas in grid squares of 3\xc2\xb0 in the western Amazon and Andean sub-region. However, the NDM-VNDM program identified an endemic area in grid squares of 1\xc2\xb0 located at the eastern Guiana with endemicity score\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa02.9, and in grid squares of 3\xc2\xb0 it identified seven consensus areas with endemicity score\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa06.0, all in the western Amazon. The combination of PAE and NDM-VNDM analyses resulted in eight endemic palm areas in the combined western Amazon and Andean sub-region. Of the species that define the endemic areas, five are threatened with extinction in one of three IUCN categories (EN, VU, NT), and they are not protected in any conservation units. The western Amazon, besides having high palm richness, also has palm endemic areas, especially, near the Andean sub-region and the Peruvian Amazon.'

'The species richness of rust fungi (Pucciniales or Uredinales) in the neotropics is reviewed. Species numbers are presented for all neotropical countries and rust-plant-ratios calculated. It is discussed whether the ratio for a given region can be explained by the species richness of vascular plants alone or whether it is caused by additional factors. In the first case, ratios should apply globally and vary only slightly; in the second case, more diverging ratios are expected. Observed ratios ranged between 1:16 and 1:124 in the neotropics. The large differences are certainly influenced by unequal levels of investigation, rendering interpretation difficult. Differences seem also to be influenced by the taxonomic composition of floras regarding the percentage of host families or genera bearing different numbers of rust species. This indicates that rust species richness is not driven solely by plant species richness. Ratios calculated for Switzerland, Austria and Japan are distinctly higher than for the neotropics indicating that certain temperate regions are proportionally richer in rust fungi than the neotropics. Uredinial states and short-cycled rust species prevail in the neotropics. The preponderance of uredinial states may be due to the heterogeneous spatial composition of certain vegetation types in the wet tropics. Short-cycled rusts may be adapted to a pronounced seasonality that can be encountered in many drier neotropical biomes. Future research needs to fill our knowledge gaps on the taxonomy and ecology of neotropical rust fungi are discussed.'

"This article outlines the ecological and ethnobotanical characteristics of the monkey-puzzle tree (Araucariaaraucana), a long-lived conifer of great importance to the indigenous population living in and around its range in the southern Andes. The article also considers the pre-Columbian and historical use of indigenous fire technology. Conclusive evidence of indigenous burning is unavailable. However, our knowledge of native fire ecology elsewhere and our understanding of monkey-puzzle's ecological response to fire suggest that indigenous people probably burned in the past to facilitate the growth of monkey-puzzle trees relative to other species. The obstacles to recovering and redeploying a defunct fire-based production strategy include the vulnerable condition of monkey-puzzle stands after decades of intense logging and burning (by non-indigenous settlers), inadequate access to land and resources by the region's indigenous inhabitants, livestock pressure, depletion of game animals that were once hunted with fire, and reluctance by indigenous people to embrace old production strategies that have been supplanted by new ones based on domesticated animals and crop cultivation. Prescribed burns in selected areas offer an effective way to assess the feasibility of indigenous burning as an alternative to more conventional development initiatives."

'We analyzed 80 mitogenomes of the elusive jaguarundi (Puma yagouaroundi, Felidae, Carnivora), representing seven of the eight putative morphological subspecies traditionally described. The mitochondrial genetic diversity levels were very high in this cat species and therefore similar to other Neotropical cats. Nonetheless, the number of significantly different molecular clusters did not align well with putative morphological subspecies. We detected three possible molecular subspecies: P. y. yagouaroundi (wide distribution in Central and South America), P. y. melantho (Central Andean, and their inter-valleys, Peruvian area) and P. y. eyra (Paraguay and northern Argentina). There were also small geographical clusters with no correspondence with the morphological subspecies, especially in Costa Rica, northern and eastern Colombia, and Pacific trans-Andean Colombia and Ecuador. Thus, the number of molecular subspecies in jaguarundi could be less than the number defined morphologically. However, well-differentiated mitochondrial lineages could exist in the area of the putative P. y. panamensis and correspond to undescribed subspecies. The temporal split of the ancestors of the puma and jaguarundi and the initial mitochondrial diversification within the jaguarundi occurred during the late Pliocene, but the major fraction of haplotype proliferation happened during the Pleistocene. All the procedures we used detected a strong population expansion for the jaguarundi during the G\xc3\xbcnz-Mindel interglacial period of the Pleistocene. The spatial genetic analyses showed that the isolation-by-distance patterns are not well developed in this species. In contrast, we detected a very significant circular cline with spatial autocorrelation. Therefore, from a molecular perspective some of the individuals far removed from each other geographically are also very similar. This new information may be very helpful to conservation ecologists and managers of jaguarundi habitats as we continue to improve our understanding of the evolutionary history of this cat species.'

'BackgroundModern civilization depends on only a few plant species for its nourishment. These crops were derived via several thousands of years of human selection that transformed wild ancestors into high-yielding domesticated descendants. Among cultivated plants, common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) is the most important grain legume. Yet, our understanding of the origins and concurrent shaping of the genome of this crop plant is limited.ResultsWe sequenced the genomes of 29 accessions representing 12 Phaseolus species. Single nucleotide polymorphism-based phylogenomic analyses, using both the nuclear and chloroplast genomes, allowed us to detect a speciation event, a finding further supported by metabolite profiling. In addition, we identified ~1200 protein coding genes (PCGs) and ~100 long non-coding RNAs with domestication-associated haplotypes. Finally, we describe asymmetric introgression events occurring among common bean subpopulations in Mesoamerica and across hemispheres.ConclusionsWe uncover an unpredicted speciation event in the tropical Andes that gave rise to a sibling species, formerly considered the \xe2\x80\x9cwild ancestor\xe2\x80\x9d of P. vulgaris, which diverged before the split of the Mesoamerican and Andean P. vulgaris gene pools. Further, we identify haplotypes strongly associated with genes underlying the emergence of domestication traits. Our findings also reveal the capacity of a predominantly autogamous plant to outcross and fix loci from different populations, even from distant species, which led to the acquisition by domesticated beans of adaptive traits from wild relatives. The occurrence of such adaptive introgressions should be exploited to accelerate breeding programs in the near future.'

Abstract not available

'A first study on the biodiversity of non-vascular epiphytes in cacao (Theobroma cacao L.) plantations in western Ecuador yielded 112 species (51 bryophytes, 61 lichens). Epiphyte assemblages of cacao plantations resembled those of tropical rain forests but species richness was usually lower and individual species were found at lower heights on the trunks. The vast majority of the species are widespread neotropical or pantropical species; one species, Spruceanthus theobromae (Spruce) Gradst., is endemic to cacao plantations of western Ecuador. Differences in management intensity, by manual removal of epiphytes from tree trunks (\xe2\x80\x98limpia\xe2\x80\x99), had a significant impact on epiphyte species diversity. Total species richness was significantly reduced in plantations with high management intensity, due mainly to the decreased diversity of lichens and liverworts; moss diversity was not affected by management regime. Total percentage cover of bryophytes was highest in plantations with low management intensity, while lichen cover was greatest in plantations with high management intensity. Crustose lichens and smooth mats growing closely appressed to the substrate were little affected by the limpia and their growth may have been promoted when larger-sized species were removed, by reducing competition. Cacao plantations with low and moderate management intensity serve as an important substitute habitat for ecological specialists (sun epiphytes, shade epiphytes) of the rain forest and are of considerable significance for their conservation.'

'Exploitation and exploration of the Amazon basin by Europeans started in the 17th century, but only since about 1970 has the Brazilian government given priority to the connection of the Amazon basin to the industrialized southern part of the country. This new policy required scientific research on the natural resources of the area. Wetlands cover about 20% of the Amazon basin. Inland fishery, fertile floodplain soils, and hydroelectric energy offer a large potential for economic development. Research concentrates on major wetlands and water bodies near the large cities. The Amazon River floodplain belongs to the best studied tropical river floodplains in the world. However, studies in other areas suffer from lack of wetland inventory and classification. Accelerated economic development is not adequately accompanied by wetland research. Insufficient knowledge about distribution, size, structure and function of many wetlands leads to increasing degradation and loss of biodiversity, for instance, by the construction of hydroelectric power plants, large scale deforestation for cattle ranching and agro-industrial projects, mining activities, the construction of navigation channels (hidrovias), etc. The low number of scientists working in the area and lack of funding require close cooperation in problem-oriented multidisciplinary projects (scientific clustering) to optimize scientific outcome. Intensive, long-term cooperation and scientific exchange with institutions from southern Brazil and from abroad is recommended to improve the scientific infrastructure in Amazonian institutions, to accelerate the transfer of new scientific methods and technology, and to intensify the training program for local human resources.'

'Three species of Lysipomia, L. caespitosa, L. cylindrocarpa, and L. speciosa, from a tropical alpine ecosystem called p\xc3\xa1ramo, are described, illustrated, and compared to related species. Notes on morphology, especially floral presentation, and general ecology are given where possible. A published key to the species in Ecuador is revised to include the three new species plus L. multiflora McVaugh, a species previously known only from northern Peru.'

'A wide range of space and time scales characterize the processes and phenomena which interact to shape environmental condition and trends. Important perspectives of environmental space and time include the role of terrestrial and astronomical factors in shaping climatic change, insights to be gained from the pre-historical record, relations between disturbance and biotic responses, episodic extreme events and large-scale phenomena, cumulative impacts, fast \xe2\x80\x94 slow processes and memory reservoirs. Scales in physical, chemical and biological phenomena have parallels in human driving forces, societal relations and decision \xe2\x80\x94 making processes, and environmental scales of space and time thus have perceptual as well as physical (\xe2\x80\x9cobjective\xe2\x80\x9d) dimensions. Scale is clearly more than just size and dimension, and there is a growing body of examples on how zooming along and across hierarchical scales can help in seeking explanation (\xe2\x80\x9chow\xe2\x80\x9d) and significance (\xe2\x80\x9cwhy\xe2\x80\x9d), and in revealing emergent properties. Scaling can also act as a motor for new approaches to scientific cooperation. Such evolving scales in scientific cooperation are examined in relation to three international research programmes (IBP, MAB, IGBP), to various sub-disciplines of ecology and biogeography, and to the restructuring of a largish research institute in Montpellier (France). An overall conclusion is that scaling issues may provide a stimulus to increased coherence within the science of ecology itself, and may facilitate mutually supportive links with other scientific domains and society at large.'

Abstract not available

'The Eastern\xc2\xa0Kingbird (Tyrannus tyrannus) is an American boreal migratory bird that arrives in the lowlands of the eastern slope of the Andes in South America during its non-breeding season. However, there are some historical migratory records of this species on the western slope of the Andes, but the information is poor and scattered. Here we present a comprehensive analysis of the migratory patterns of the Eastern Kingbird, giving more attention to the migratory route throughout the arid ecosystems in western Peru and Chile. We modeled monthly density heatmaps and evaluated the annual migratory movements of the bird in the southern hemisphere using the records available in the Global Biodiversity Information Facility repository. We found that the species frequents the arid ecosystems of western South America often than previously published. We recognized that the species follows the same pattern of migration in both the western and eastern humid areas South America; nevertheless, we identified that the species is present year-round in northern South America, mainly in Colombia, with some records during the breeding season (April\xe2\x80\x93August) in Peru and Chile. We strongly recommend the use of citizen science datasets to elucidate the migratory patterns of other boreal migratory bird species.'

'This study provides an overview of the historical biogeography of the major clades of Apiales based on extensive taxon sampling from all major lineages of the order, and character sampling of sequence data from the plastid rpl16 intron and trnD-trnY-trnE-trnT intergenic spacers. Divergence times were estimated in BEAST using relaxed molecular clocks and six calibration points from three families. Biogeographic reconstructions were estimated in DIVA and Lagrange using stratified and non-stratified models, addressing alternative scenarios for taxa with conflicting or poorly supported placements. Our analyses in BEAST estimated the origin of Apiales to Australasia in the Early Cretaceous (c.117\xc2\xa0Ma). Most major clades also appear to have originated in Australasia, with the youngest family (Apiaceae) originating in the Late Cretaceous, c. 87\xc2\xa0Ma. Diversification of the early lineages appears to be influenced by vicariance events related to the break up of Africa and Australasia (Torricelliaceae from Griseliniaceae and Apiineae), Australasia from Zealandia (e.g., Myodocarpaceae and Araliaceae), and Antarctica from South America, Australia, and possibly Africa (main lineages of Apiaceae). Long-distance dispersal appears as the likely explanation for many younger lineages within major clades, including Subantarctic pathways (e.g., Griseliniaceae and Azorelloideae), across the Pacific and Indian Ocean Basins (e.g., Pittosporaceae and Araliaceae), from Asia across Europe into the Americas (Araliaceae).'

'Climate change and habitat loss are key threats to biodiversity, by acting as controlling factors of species\xe2\x80\x99 distributions. In this study, we combined ecological niche modeling with an innovative range-diversity analysis, which simultaneously addresses geographical ranges and species richness, to describe current biodiversity distribution patterns of Leptodactylus frogs, and to evaluate their expected changes under climate change scenarios. The genus Leptodactylus is distributed across 13.4 million\xc2\xa0km2 from Mexico to central Argentina, with overall good-quality presence records and a robust phylogeny. The highest species richness occurred in the Amazonian Forests of Bolivia and Peru, while the lowest species richness was observed in the latitudinal limits of the genus distribution. The range sizes of individual species exhibited a unimodal frequency pattern, with many small ranges and few large ranges. The dispersion field allowed us to identify the Caatinga as a \xe2\x80\x9ccoldspot,\xe2\x80\x9d i.e., a site with few species of restricted range size, and the moist forest from Bolivia as a site with many species of medium-size ranges. Under climate change, we expect to observe a general decrease and a geographic displacement of the specific range sizes, but no species extinctions. These patterns imply a decrease in local species richness, which contrasts with a regional increase of biotic heterogeneity.'

'High-yield farming\xe2\x80\x94more agricultural output per acre of farmland\xe2\x80\x94has been a boon to mankind and to nature. If today\xe2\x80\x99s agricultural efficiency was the same as in the 1950s, the world would need three times the cropland to produce today\xe2\x80\x99s food supply. That would mean that 15-16 million mi2 of forest would have been destroyed\xe2\x80\x94all the global forest area available today. Rising population and increased affluence will require a tripling of agricultural efficiency in the next 50 years if we are to protect wildlife at the same time. More investment in agricultural research and education will be required, but this is what produced the previous green revolution.'

'Algae, the dominant primary producers in many aquatic ecosystems, are critical to global biogeochemical cycling, and changes in their abundance and composition can cascade throughout aquatic food webs. Diatoms often dominate the algal communities in many freshwater systems. Their population dynamics are affected by a variety of environmental variables, many of which are linked to changes in water column properties and habitat availability, which themselves can be linked to shifts in ice cover, length of the growing season, thermal stability and stratification, vertical mixing patterns, habitat alterations, and the availability of resources such as light and nutrients. Climate has strong moderating controls on all of these fundamental aquatic processes, which can directly and indirectly alter species composition, abundance and seasonal dynamics of both periphytic and planktonic diatoms. In this review, we examine the role that climate-mediated alterations in inter-related lake processes have played on diatom community composition, dynamics and size structure, with particular attention to the recent success of planktonic diatom species relative to heavier tychoplanktonic and small benthic diatoms. We focus primarily on paleolimnological records, but also reference a wide spectrum of limnological and physiological studies to review and discuss how climate-driven shifts in lake properties may affect diatom assemblage reorganization. Understanding the limnological and historical context of these often complex diatom changes is key to making scientifically defensible interpretations of paleolimnological records. We further evaluate the plausibility of alternative explanations (e.g. atmospheric nitrogen deposition) for the recent success of small cyclotelloid species by examining trends in these planktonic diatoms from a large number of sites. Using a weight-of-evidence approach, we conclude that recent climate change is the main driver that has led to ecological tipping points resulting in the recent success of small planktonic diatoms that have been reported in many aquatic systems.'

Abstract not available

'In humans, emerging infectious diseases are mostly zoonoses with ticks playing an important role as vectors. Tick-borne relapsing fever Borrelia and spotted fever Rickettsia occur in endemic foci along tropical and subtropical regions of the globe. However, both are widely neglected etiologic agents. In this study, we performed molecular analyses in order to assess the presence of Borrelia and Rickettsia DNA in ticks infesting small-mammals within a National Reserve located in the Andes Mountains, central Chile. While hard ticks were negative for the presence of both agents, sequences of four rickettsial (gltA, htrA, ompA, ompB) and two borrelial (16S rRNA and flaB) genes were obtained from larvae of an Ornithodoros sp. morphologically related with Ornithodoros atacamensis. Phylogenetic analyses indicated that the detected Borrelia and Rickettsia spp. belong to the relapsing fever and spotted fever groups, respectively. Moreover, the agents formed monophyletic clades with Rickettsia amblyommatis and \xe2\x80\x9cCandidatus Borrelia johnsonii.\xe2\x80\x9d As positive ticks parasitize rodents within a highly visited National Reserve where outdoor activities are of common practice, the risk for human parasitism should not be discarded.'

'The relationship between diversity and composition of neotropicalbromeliad communities and abiotic and autecological factors is still poorlyunderstood. In this study, I related point diversity (mean species number per400 m2 plot), \xce\xb1 diversity (total species number persite), representation of life-forms (epiphytes, terrestrials, saxicoles), andsix ecophysiological types of bromeliads at 74 forest sites in the BolivianAndes and adjacent lowlands to 12 environmental factors reflecting mostlyclimatic conditions. A total of 192 species, including 108 epiphytes, 106saxicoles, and 49 terrestrials, were recorded. Extrapolation revealed that theactual total species number in the region is at least 24% higher than recorded,especially among terrestrial (71%) and saxicolous (40%) species. Epiphytes weremore fully sampled because of their tendency towards larger range size andbecause they are distributed more evenly where they occur. Overall, theenvironmental factors explained up to 61% of the observed variance, reflectingall expected relationships such as the increase of tank bromeliads in wethabitats and of atmospheric bromeliads in arid regions. Point diversity almostalways showed higher regression coefficients than \xce\xb1 diversity, possibly as aresult of more complete sampling in small plots and because the abundance ofindividual species (which influences point diversity) may be more closelyrelated to abiotic factors than species richness. Despite somewhat lower\xce\xb1 diversity in arid areas, point diversity peaked in dry habitats,presumably due to the scarcity of competing epiphytic orchids, ferns, and aroidsthat lack the extreme adaptation of bromeliads to drought stress and lownutrient availability. The decline of epiphytic bromeliad diversity at highelevations appears to be linked to low temperatures, particularly increasingfrost frequency. It is hypothesized that the low diversity of bromeliads inhumid tropical lowland forests is caused by low photosynthetic rates due to highwater stress and low light availability combined with high respiration losses.In combination, these factors would impede the maintenance of a positive carbonbalance.'

'The Andean cloud forest is a critical part of the Neotropics and much of its structure, function and dynamics are in response to both natural and human-caused disturbances. Those natural disturbances include landslides, and tree death leading to trees falling and creating gaps in the canopy. The human-caused disturbances include logging, mining, road construction and other aspects of urbanization as well as slash-and-burn forest clearing techniques before cultivation (e.g., in sugarcane [Saccharum officinarum], in banana [Musa sp.] and/or in coffee [Coffea arabica]). When yields decline in those cultivated areas cattle often graze in them creating pastures, with or without the planting of exotic grasses such as Setaria sphacelata. Here I first explore definitions of disturbance and then review all published research on disturbances in the Andean cloud forest and the responses of the abiotic and biotic components of those ecosystems, which include plant replacements. Next, I expand on conceptual models of plant community dynamics by refashioning the traditional disturbance =\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89response paradigm into nine classes of plant-plant replacements. Finally, I present 6\xc2\xa0years of baseline data showing the plant-plant replacements in a one-hectare plot in undisturbed Andean cloud forest in Ecuador. I suggest that those replacements be used to facilitate future research through comparison with the plant-plant replacements in disturbed Andean cloud forests recovering after both natural and human-caused disturbances.'

Abstract not available

'Traditional water classifications for Amazonian rivers are based mainly on optical characteristics that do not fully capture their complexity. Today, an increasing amount of hydrochemical data indicates that the chemical composition of Amazonian rivers varies much more than this simple classification indicates. Revising river classification based on hydrochemical properties is proposed here. In this first comprehensive review of Amazonian river chemistry, we synthesized critical information from 168 scientific publications and distinguish unusual white, black, and clearwater rivers. It is shown the distribution of such rivers across the basin and the limitations of using generalized designations for river typologies. For example, some optically clearwater rivers draining carboniferous stripes have chemical properties similar to whitewater rivers, regardless of their high transparency. Furthermore, a clear or blackwater stream that becomes turbid because of soil erosion does not become a whitewater stream. Its hydrochemical parameters of acidity and nutrient poverty depend on the geology of the catchment area and remain relatively unaffected. These insights into Amazonian river classification provide a new understanding of their baseline limnological conditions. They have implications for sustainable management of freshwater systems and for monitoring potential impacts of large development projects and climate change on the Amazonian aquatic systems.'

'Observations were made on the nectar-feeding of hummingbirds in three areas of natural forest in the coastal mountains of southeastern Brazil. Five of the seven hummingbird species observed are endemic to the region. The observations are summarised and discussed, and limited comparison is made with the feeding ecology of Andean hummingbirds. The data suggest that two plant families of prime importance in temperate forest in the Andes, the Rubiaceae and Ericaceae, are unimportant in southeastern Brazilian montane forest. The close fit between the bill ofPhaethornis eurynome and the corollas of three species of plants suggests coevolution. The data presented are preliminary and incomplete, and indicate the need for more thorough research into the relationships between hummingbirds and plants in this region.'

'The rift history of the Salta basin is related to the evolution of the Central Andes and to the activity of the Pacific margin, owing to its geographic location. Sedimentation occurred from the Neocomian to the Paleogene, with deposits reaching up to 5,000\xc2\xa0m in thickness. Paleoenvironmental analysis reveals an evolutionary history controlled by tectonic and climatic changes. Isolated grabens characterized the early synrift stage; differential subsidence provoked distinct environments in the southern and northern subbasins. In the southern subbasins, alluvial-fan, fluvial-fan and lacustrine deposits prevail, whilst in the northern subbasins eolian and fluvial environments dominate. During the Maastrichtian, two major factors controlled the basin fill: the decrease in tectonic subsidence and a relative sea-level rise as recorded in South America. An extensive and shallow Atlantic marine ingression installed a carbonate system coincident with mainly humid conditions until the Danian. Until the Middle Eocene, the fluvial and lacustrine environmental evolution of the sag basin was controlled especially by the alternation of temperate with dry and humid periods. Paleontological records reflect these climatic changes and show their relationship to the sedimentation regime.'

'BackgroundLatin America harbors some of the most biodiverse countries in the world, including Colombia. Despite the increasing use of cutting-edge technologies in genomics and bioinformatics in several biological science fields around the world, the region has fallen behind in the inclusion of these approaches in biodiversity studies. In this study, we used data mining methods to search in four main public databases of genetic sequences such as: NCBI Nucleotide and BioProject, Pathosystems Resource Integration Center, and Barcode of Life Data Systems databases. We aimed to determine how much of the Colombian biodiversity is contained in genetic data stored in these public databases and how much of this information has been generated by national institutions. Additionally, we compared this data for Colombia with other countries of high biodiversity in Latin America, such as Brazil, Argentina, Costa Rica, Mexico, and Peru.ResultsIn Nucleotide, we found that 66.84% of total records for Colombia have been published at the national level, and this data represents less than 5% of the total number of species reported for the country. In BioProject, 70.46% of records were generated by national institutions and the great majority of them is represented by microorganisms. In BOLD Systems, 26% of records have been submitted by national institutions, representing 258 species for Colombia. This number of species reported for Colombia span approximately 0.46% of the total biodiversity reported for the country (56,343 species). Finally, in PATRIC database, 13.25% of the reported sequences were contributed by national institutions. Colombia has a better biodiversity representation in public databases in comparison to other Latin American countries, like Costa Rica and Peru. Mexico and Argentina have the highest representation of species at the national level, despite Brazil and Colombia, which actually hold the first and second places in biodiversity worldwide.ConclusionsOur findings show gaps in the representation of the Colombian biodiversity at the molecular and genetic levels in widely consulted public databases. National funding for high-throughput molecular research, NGS technologies costs, and access to genetic resources are limiting factors. This fact should be taken as an opportunity to foster the development of collaborative projects between research groups in the Latin American\xc2\xa0region to study the vast biodiversity of these countries using \xe2\x80\x98omics\xe2\x80\x99 technologies.'

'The contiguous United States (USA) originally had two endemic parrot species, the Carolina Parakeet (Conuropsis carolinensis) and the Thick-billed Parrot (Rhynchopsitta pachyrhyncha). The Carolina Parakeet is now globally extinct, and the Thick-billed Parrot was extirpated from the USA. Otherwise, over the last century, the USA has become home to an increasing number of naturalized parrots, originally introduced through the pet trade. In this paper, we use historical records as well as data from citizen science (eBird and Christmas Bird Count, CBC) to summarize the current status of each of the naturalized parrots in the USA. During the 15-year period 2002\xe2\x80\x932016, eBird and CBC contain sighting records of 56 species of parrots in the wild in 43 states. Of these, 25 species are now breeding and 23 states have at least one species of parrot breeding there. The three most common species are the Monk Parakeet (Myiopsitta monachus), the Red-crowned Amazon (Amazona viridigenalis), and the Nanday Parakeet (Aratinga nenday). Collectively, these three species comprise a total of 61% of all sightings on eBird and CBC over the last 15\xc2\xa0years. Three states\xe2\x80\x94Florida, Texas, and California\xe2\x80\x94collectively support populations of all 25 species of breeding parrots in the USA. Naturalized parrots are now common species in local avifaunas in many areas in the USA, and they highlight complex issues, from the conservation of endangered species to the management of invasive species.'

'The TRMM Precipitation Radar is used to construct a high resolution (0.05\xc2\xb0\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa00.05\xc2\xb0) climatology of rainfall over the latitude band extending to about 36\xc2\xb0 North and South. This study describes climatological patterns of rainfall frequency and intensity at high spatial resolution, with special focus on the seasonal and diurnal cycles in the frequency of rainfall events. We use this Tropics-wide dataset to highlight small-scale precipitation features that are too fine to be captured by the most widely used satellite-based rainfall datasets. The results shed light on the roles of changes in the wind direction, the land-sea thermal contrast, small-scale variations in sea surface temperature, and orography in shaping the seasonal and diurnal cycles of rainfall. In some regions of the tropics, diurnally locked local circulations are largely responsible for sharp gradients in the spatial distribution of seasonal mean precipitation. In other regions, we show that climatological rainfall frequency changes very sharply at coastlines, even though rainfall in these regions is expected to be controlled by relatively large scale weather systems.'

'Recent research in Amazonia has diverged from the orthodoxy of the last 40 years and provoked a wide-ranging debate over the nature of human ecology and adaptation in this vast region. New evidence stresses both the abundance of the Amazonian environment and the complexity of long-term human adaptation. New frameworks modeling these adaptive processes and reconstructing sociocultural complexity involve the use of both historical and ethnographic data.'

'Although tropical rain forests represent the most species-rich terrestrial ecosystem on the planet, the three main rain forest regions (Neotropics, South-East Asia and continental Africa) are not equally diverse. Africa has been labeled the \xe2\x80\x9codd man out\xe2\x80\x9d because of its perceived lower species diversity when compared to the Neotropics or South-East Asia. Understanding why, within a biome, certain regions have higher or lower species diversity provides important insights into the evolution of biodiversity. I review the evidence in favor of an \xe2\x80\x9codd man out\xe2\x80\x9d pattern and the different hypotheses that have been advanced to explain and test this pattern using recent ecological, biogeographical and diversification studies. The \xe2\x80\x9codd man out\xe2\x80\x9d pattern has yet to be formally tested using extensive inventory plot data (including non woody species) between all three major rain forest regions based on appropriate statistics in an area controlled manner. The lower species diversity is not the result of a single cause, but is probably linked to numerous intricate causes related to present and past events. Future comparative studies should combine numerous variables including novel ones such at plant functional diversity. Finally, though more extinction in Africa is apparent from the fossil record, it is still hard to precisely quantify to what degree extinction varied between the three major regions. Diversification studies of important tropical plant lineages tend to support higher speciation rates in the Neotropics and South-East Asia instead of higher extinction in Africa as the main cause explaining the differences in species diversity. The lower species diversity of African rain forests remains an understudied question with numerous preconceived and largely untested ideas for which we are still far from having a synthetic explanation. This review highlights that there are still very little intercontinental rain forest comparisons of plant species diversity hindering any solid conclusions. To better address this, an integrative approach involving archeologists, climatologists and biologists coupled with data from all three regions should be privileged.'

'We report the long overlooked first record of Sapphire Quail-Dove Geotrygon saphirina in Brazil, a male specimen collected at S\xc3\xa3o Paulo de Oliven\xc3\xa7a, Amazonas state, in March 1923, by Samuel M. Klages. This is the first and only documented record for the country, pre-dating a sight record from Benjamin Constant, in extreme western Brazil, in April 1966.'

Abstract not available

'The dry forest of the Peruvian south coast has undergone an almost total process of deforestation. Populations here have increased exponentially through immigration supplying labour to urban coastal development, and demonstrably unsustainable agro-industrial expansion for export markets. Society has become dislocated from local traditions of environmental and resource management whilst still retaining a wealth of Andean agricultural expertise. Indigenous communities still hold on to vestiges of traditional knowledge. Relicts of natural vegetation, traditional agriculture and agrobiodiversity continue to sustain ecosystem services. Moreover, offer livelihood options and resources for restoration. These aspects reflect a long cultural trajectory, including famous extinct cultures such as Nasca, that evolved within an ever-changing riparian and agricultural landscape influenced by external forces and which incorporated important processes of plant domestication and adaptation to climatic oscillation.Here, we present an ecosystem approach to vegetation restoration and sustainable resource management in Ica, Peru, based on wide interdisciplinary biodiversity inventory and study, where school, community and agro-industry engagement is seen as a prerequisite for success. The approach demonstrated significant plant establishment in this hyperarid region using appropriate low-technology techniques of planting and irrigation with minimum watering. Restoration of a highly degraded environment built upon vegetation relicts followed a strategy of cultural capacity building and environmental engagement, including the development of sustainable forest products, festivals, schools programmes, didactic publications for local use, and collaboration with local communities, landowners, agribusiness and governmental authorities. Plant conservation must re-engage people with their natural heritage by dissemination of information for vegetation restoration and management integrated to dynamics of ecosystem function within its wide local cultural and historical context.'

'The variety of interactions between human cultures and herpetofauna is the subject matter of Ethnoherpetology, a subdivision of Ethnozoology. In the semi-arid region of Brazil, many reptiles interact with human communities because of their utility or because of the risks they represent. These interactions have obvious implications for the conservation of reptiles from this region.In this context, ethnoherpetology studies are crucial because they serve as subsidies for guiding strategies for the handling and conservation of reptiles. This paper presents ethnozoological and taxonomic informations of hunted reptiles in the semiarid region of Brazil and analyse the implications on conservation that are related to the interactions between people and reptiles in this region. Taxonomic keys to identifying recorded reptiles are provided. Records of humans interacting with 38 reptile species that belong to 31 genuses and 16 families have been found. The groups with the largest numbers of recorded species were snakes (18 species), and this group was followed in number by lizards (13), chelonians (4), and crocodilians (3). The reptiles that were recorded may be used for the following purposes: medicinal purposes (24 species), food (13 species), ornamental or decorative purposes (11 species), in magical/religious practices (10 species), and as pets (10 species). Some species (n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x8916) may have multiple uses. Furthermore, more than half of the species (n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x8919) are commonly killed because they are considered potentially dangerous. Strategies for conserving the reptiles of the Brazilian semi-arid region must reconcile and integrate human and conservation needs.'

'Trophic association between adult ticks of the world fauna with their mammal hosts (511 tick species out of 650 species of Ixodidae of the world fauna) are reviewed. Specific tick species parasitize on representatives of 22 (out of 27) mammal orders, but species of Paucituberculata, Notoryctemorphia, Peramelemorphia, Scandentia, and Dermoptera have no specific parasites. The highest number of tick species was recorded from Artiodactyla and rodents. Mammals, on which representatives of all the 14 genera of the family parasitize, provide the diversity of the ixodid tick fauna. The conclusion on the priority of ecological factors in comparison with phylogenetic status of hosts in the formation of specific characteristics of ticks confirms Balashov\xe2\x80\x99s (1982) concept on the character of host-parasite association between ticks and mammals.'

"The diversity of native species assemblages and that of indigenous cultures that once characterized the temperate forests of southern Chile have experienced a process of homogenization ever since the Spanish conquest. Today this process continues to erode both biotic and cultural diversity. With the goal of linking ecological research with actions to conserve the biological and cultural richness of this region, we established the Institute of Ecological Research Chilo\xc3\xa9. The Institute's philosophy and activities involve three approaches: (1) participation of professional ecologists in environmental education and decision making, through collaboration with the community at local, regional, and global scales. (2) programs of ecological education, which include planting indigenous trees in urban areas and creating a local botanical garden with representative Chilean forest species. (3) critical analyses of the narrow economic and utilitarian environmental ethics that currently prevail in Chile, and often in other Latin American nations, and examination of traditional or novel alternative ethics and perspectives that address multiple interrelations between biological and cultural dimensions."

'Bats are important ecosystem service providers, and therefore most relevant for both lowland and highland habitats, particularly in the tropics. Yet, it is poorly understood to what extent they perform large-scale movements, especially movements along mountain slopes. Here, we studied the movement ecology of the potentially migratory species Miniopterus natalensis at Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. We analysed stable isotope ratios of C (\xce\xb413C), N (\xce\xb415N) and H (\xce\xb42H) in keratin of sedentary frugivorous and insectivorous bats captured between 800 and 2,400\xc2\xa0m above sea level to establish elevational gradients of stable isotope ratios in consumer tissues. We expected correlations between stable isotope ratios of the non-exchangeable portion of H in fur keratin and the elevation of capture site, but not necessarily for \xce\xb413C and \xce\xb415N. Yet, in bats of both feeding ensembles, we found \xce\xb415N of fur keratin to correlate positively with the elevation of capture sites but not \xce\xb42H. In frugivorous bats, \xce\xb413C increased with increasing capture elevation as well. By looking at intra-individual variation of \xce\xb413C and \xce\xb415N in fur keratin and wing membrane tissues of sedentary Rhinolophus cf. clivosus and of the potentially migratory species M. natalensis, we gathered evidence that M.\nnatalensis migrates seasonally between low and high elevations along the slopes of Mount Kilimanjaro. Finally, based on an isoscape origin model we estimated that M.\nnatalensis captured before and after the cold period at around 1,800\xc2\xa0m above sea level originated from around 1,400\xc2\xa0m a.s.l. or lower. Thus, we received convergent results in support of seasonal elevational movements of M. natalensis, probably in search for cold hibernacula at higher elevations of Mount Kilimanjaro.'

'Pal\xc3\xa4ontologische, stratigraphische und geochronologische (K-Ar) Daten belegen ein obermioz\xc3\xa4nes und plioz\xc3\xa4nes Alter der Pisco-Formation. Die Sequenz wird etwa 350 m m\xc3\xa4chtig und besteht aus tuffartigen Sandsteinen, Silten und Schillsanden. Die feineren Sedimente sind in gro\xc3\x9fen Lagunen, die gr\xc3\xb6beren im gesch\xc3\xbctzten Strandbereich abgelagert worden. Die reiche Fauna enth\xc3\xa4lt Fische (Teleostei und Selachii), Meeres-V\xc3\xb6gel, eine Edentata und an Wirbellosen haupts\xc3\xa4chlich Veneriden und Muriciden. F\xc3\xbcnf Wirbeltier-Horizonte lassen sich mit f\xc3\xbcnf vorl\xc3\xa4ufig definierten Molluskenzonen korrelieren. Die Vertebratenfauna \xc3\xa4hnelt der aus dem Unterplioz\xc3\xa4n von Nordkarolina (Yorktown Formation und Lee Creek Mine Formation \xe2\x80\x94 USA). Vom Mioz\xc3\xa4n zum Plioz\xc3\xa4n ver\xc3\xa4ndert sich der Charakter der Molluskengesellschaften vom panamensisch-karibischen zu chilenischem Gepr\xc3\xa4ge.'

'Knowledge of species richness centers is necessary for the design of conservation areas. In this study, we present a GIS analysis of two years of field data on animal and plant diversity distributions in evergreen, coastal rain forests of southern Chile (39\xc2\xb030\xe2\x80\xb2\xe2\x80\x9341\xc2\xb025\xe2\x80\xb2\xc2\xa0S). Despite their high endemism, these forests have remained largely unprotected. Field records were complemented with data from museum collections and scientific literature. We used selected environmental variables (evapotranspiration, altitude) and, in some cases, forest types as predictors of species distributions. Our study focused on the distribution of forest bryophytes, vascular plants, soil invertebrates, amphibians and birds. We generated distributional maps for each taxa based on their field records in the study area, complemented by natural history information, except in the case of bryophytes and soil invertebrates. In general, species richness was lower at 600\xc2\xa0m elevation or above for all the taxa studied. Species richness tends to increase in the northern sector of the study area. We observed a greater richness of vascular plants near rivers and streams, and noted important floristic differences between west and east-facing slopes of the Coastal Range, with more species in the oriental side. Because species in high altitude forests are not a subset of those found at lower elevations, we propose that conservation strategies should prioritize the protection of the entire altitudinal gradient of the southern Coastal Range, especially in the more diverse oriental and northern sectors.'

'BackgroundThe origin of turtles and crocodiles and their easily recognized body forms dates to the Triassic and Jurassic. Despite their long-term success, extant species diversity is low, and endangerment is extremely high compared to other terrestrial vertebrate groups, with ~\xe2\x80\x8965% of ~\xe2\x80\x8925 crocodilian and\xe2\x80\x89~\xe2\x80\x89360 turtle species now threatened by exploitation and habitat loss. Here, we combine available molecular and morphological evidence with statistical and machine learning algorithms to present a phylogenetically informed, comprehensive assessment of diversification, threat status, and evolutionary distinctiveness of all extant species.ResultsIn contrast to other terrestrial vertebrates and their own diversity in the fossil record, the recent extant lineages of turtles and crocodilians have not experienced any global mass extinctions or lineage-wide shifts in diversification rate or body-size evolution over time. We predict threat statuses for 114 as-yet unassessed or data-deficient species and identify a concentration of threatened turtles and crocodilians in South and Southeast Asia, western Africa, and the eastern Amazon. We find that unlike other terrestrial vertebrate groups, extinction risk increases with evolutionary distinctiveness: a disproportionate amount of phylogenetic diversity is concentrated in evolutionarily isolated, at-risk taxa, particularly those with small geographic ranges. Our findings highlight the important role of geographic determinants of extinction risk, particularly those resulting from anthropogenic habitat-disturbance, which affect species across body sizes and ecologies.ConclusionsExtant turtles and crocodilians maintain unique, conserved morphologies which make them globally recognizable. Many species are threatened due to exploitation and global change. We use taxonomically complete, dated molecular phylogenies and various approaches to produce a comprehensive assessment of threat status and evolutionary distinctiveness of both groups. Neither group exhibits significant overall shifts in diversification rate or body-size evolution, or any signature of global mass extinctions in recent, extant lineages. However, the most evolutionarily distinct species tend to be the most threatened, and species richness and extinction risk are centered in areas of high anthropogenic disturbance, particularly South and Southeast Asia. Range size is the strongest predictor of threat, and a disproportionate amount of evolutionary diversity is at risk of imminent extinction.'

'We describe the earliest fossils of the enigmatic avian taxon Opisthocomiformes (hoatzins) from the Oligo-Miocene (22\xe2\x80\x9324\xc2\xa0mya) of Brazil. The bones, a humerus, scapula and coracoid, closely resemble those of the extant hoatzin, Opisthocomus hoazin. The very similar osteology of the pectoral girdle in the new Brazilian fossil compared to the extant O. hoazin, in which it reflects peculiar feeding adaptations, may indicate that hoatzins had already evolved their highly specialized feeding behavior by the mid-Cenozoic. We further show that Namibiavis senutae from the early Miocene of Namibia is another, previously misclassified representative of Opisthocomiformes, which documents that the extant Neotropic distribution of hoatzins is relictual. Because of the weak flight capabilities of hoatzins, their occurrence on both sides of the South Atlantic is of particular biogeographic interest. We detail that this distribution pattern is best explained by dispersal from Africa to South America, and that Opisthocomiformes provide the first example of transatlantic rafting among birds.'

'Seven species of the genusTripsacum, one with a well marked subspecies, are indigenous to Mexico and Guatemala. Two diploids,T. zopilotense andT. maizar, are restricted to western and southwestern Mexico. The typical diploid form of a third species,T. latifolium, occurs in south central and eastern Guatemala; atypical tetraploid forms of this species are found in western Mexico. Four tetraploids,T. dactyloides, T. dactyloides ssp.hispidum, T. lanceolatum, andT. pilosum, have ranges extending from northwestern Mexico southeastward into Guatemala. The seventh species is the highly sterile tetraploid,T. laxum, of doubtful occurrence in the wild. It is readily propagated vegetatively and has been widely distributed in Latin America and the West Indies as a forage plant. Field studies of the range of variation in 80 Mexican and Guatemalan populations included an evaluation of 16 definitive morphological characteristics from an average of approximately six individuals of each population. Seventy-three of the 80 populations were allopatric, and of these, 50 were classed as typical, 13 as atypical, and ten as intermediates. Thirty-nine of the 50 populations classed as typical were tetraploid, and 11 were diploid. Of the 23 atypical and intermediate populations, 17 were tetraploid and six were diploid. Fifty-eight tetraploid populations, which included typical, atypical, and intermediate forms ofT. dactyloides, T. dactyloides ssp.hispidum, T. lanceolatum, T. pilosum, andT. latifolium, comprised an inclusive intergrading series having different combinations of characteristics distinguishing the two very dissimilar diploids,T. mizar andT. zopilotense. This series was interpreted as support for the hypothesis of Randolph & Hern\xc3\xa1ndez (1950), that the tetraploid populations originated as alloploid derivatives of these or closely related diploid species. The occurrence in some of the tetraploid populations of characteristics not seen in either of the putative parental species was noted, and the possibility that other taxa also might have been involved in their origin is under investigation. In addition to the 73 allopatric populations included in this survey there were seven sympatric and mixed associations of diploid and tetraploid taxa. Among these were hybrids with various combinations of the characteristics differentiating taxa of the associated populations. These hybrids effectively obscured differences between taxa, thus creating a syngameon complex from which genetic recombinants were observed to have spread into recently disturbed habitats of neighboring areas. From such direct evidence, and the existing interrelationships among allopatric and sympatric populations, it was concluded that the origin of the Mexican and Guatemalan tetraploidTripsacum species and various atypical and intermediate variants, has involved, and is continuing to involve, alloploid recombinants of diploid species and syngameon complexes, of which those encountered in this survey are examples.'

'Northern populations of the White-crowned Sparrow, Zonotrichia leucophrys, show varying degrees of social modulation of testosterone. In general, males of mid-latitude breeding and multiple-brooded populations show transient increases in secretions of luteinizing hormone and testosterone when challenged by another male for a territory, or when exposed to sexually receptive females. These surges of testosterone do not appear to activate aggression associated with territory defense or mate-guarding, but appear to enhance persistence of aggression during and after the behavioral interaction. Males may continue to sing spontaneously and patrol the territory for many hours even after the behavioral interaction is over. However, males of high latitude and altitude populations do not socially modulate testosterone levels. Several hypotheses, not necessarily mutually exclusive, have been proposed to explain why males in some populations do socially modulate testosterone and others do not. Males will not socially modulate testosterone if: (1) the breeding season is so restricted in time (e.g., high latitude and altitude) there are few social interactions; (2) populations in which males are essential for parental care; and (3) populations in which extra-pair copulations are low and male-male interactions are minimal. Tropical populations of the Rufous-collared Sparrow, Z. capensis costaricensis, have extended breeding seasons and they are multiple-brooded, but do not socially modulate testosterone. This is unlike Z. leucophrys. Whether austral populations of the Rufous-collared Sparrow socially modulate testosterone under presumably similar constraints of mid- to high-latitude seasonality are currently under investigation.'

Abstract not available

"BackgroundUnderstanding the forces that shaped Neotropical diversity is central issue to explain tropical biodiversity and inform conservation action; yet few studies have examined large, widespread species. Lowland tapir (Tapirus terrrestris, Perissodactyla, Tapiridae) is the largest Neotropical herbivore whose ancestors arrived in South America during the Great American Biotic Interchange. A Pleistocene diversification is inferred for the genus Tapirus from the fossil record, but only two species survived the Pleistocene megafauna extinction. Here, we investigate the history of lowland tapir as revealed by variation at the mitochondrial gene Cytochrome b, compare it to the fossil data, and explore mechanisms that could have shaped the observed structure of current populations.ResultsSeparate methodological approaches found mutually exclusive divergence times for lowland tapir, either in the late or in the early Pleistocene, although a late Pleistocene divergence is more in tune with the fossil record. Bayesian analysis favored mountain tapir (T. pinchaque) paraphyly in relation to lowland tapir over reciprocal monophyly, corroborating the inferences from the fossil data these species are sister taxa. A coalescent-based analysis rejected a null hypothesis of allopatric divergence, suggesting a complex history. Based on the geographic distribution of haplotypes we propose (i) a central role for western Amazonia in tapir diversification, with a key role of the ecological gradient along the transition between Andean subcloud forests and Amazon lowland forest, and (ii) that the Amazon river acted as an barrier to gene flow. Finally, the branching patterns and estimates based on nucleotide diversity indicate a population expansion after the Last Glacial Maximum.ConclusionsThis study is the first examining lowland tapir phylogeography. Climatic events at the end of the Pleistocene, parapatric speciation, divergence along the Andean foothill, and role of the Amazon river, have similarly shaped the history of other taxa. Nevertheless further work with additional samples and loci is needed to improve our initial assessment. From a conservation perspective, we did not find a correspondence between genetic structure in lowland tapir and ecogeographic regions proposed to define conservation priorities in the Neotropics. This discrepancy sheds doubt into this scheme's ability to generate effective conservation planning for vagile species."

'South AmericanChenopodium assignable to sect.Chenopodium subsect.Cellulata (Chenopodiaceae) have been classified on the basis of fruit and leaf blade morphology. Samples representing 99 free-living and domesticated populations were included in a comparative study based on electrophoretic and morphometric data. The resulting patterns of variation indicate that past reliance on the fruit for diagnostic characters has obscured biological relationships. Domesticated and free-living populations of the high Andes, distributed from northwestern Argentina to Colombia, are closely allied and clearly separate from domesticated populations of coastal Chile and free-living populations of Argentina. Circumscription of the ArgentineC. hircinum to include Andean populations is rejected. Specific differentiation among Andean populations, polyphyletic origins forC. quinoa, and the presence of different ploidy levels are not indicated. Free-living Andean types sympatric withC. quinoa are provisionally placed within that species as subsp. milleanum. While the coastal quingua domesticate is clearly distinct from the Andean weed/crop complex, it is provisionally placed within subsp.quinoa to conserve established nomenclature. The overall pattern of morphogenetic variation among South American populations suggests a co-evolutionary relationship between domesticated and free-living populations of the high Andes, with a center of diversity at the southern extreme of the Andean range. Populations ofC. hircinum represent a logical link to the progenitor of the quinua complex, although firm phyletic and systematic alignments will require more information concerning populations of south-central Chile, and further definition of relative affinities among North and South American elements of subsectionCellulata.'

'The Totonac homegarden is a traditionally designed agroecosystem mixing different elements, such as cultivated and wild plants, and livestock. Our objective was to understand the role and importance of homegardens as a strategy for subsistence and natural resources management. Anthropological fieldwork was carried out in Coxquihui, Veracruz, Mexico, a Totonac community. Conventional sampling using a questionnaire yielded a sample of 40 individuals, each representing a family group. Personal interviews, life stories, observations, and field transects enriched survey information. Fieldwork permitted identification of four types of Totonac homegardens: backyards, cropping fields, acahuales or fallow fields, and fences or field edges. Each of these gardens yields an array of products and services important for several cultural roles and natural resource management aims. Totonacs see land as the dominant and most critical resource. A great deal of terrain is steeply sloped and soils are poor. Homegardens play a key role in a production system that minimizes these site limitations, striking a balance between resource maintenance and subsistence needs. Their functions are ecological, to foster a multistrata vegetation cover, and a continuous supply of organic matter to the soil; economic, serving as living storehouses where diverse products (food, timber, firewood, forage, animals, ceremonial supplies, medicinal products), are kept through the annual cycle; and social, performing various social roles such as growing medicinal, ritual, and edible plants, thus supporting beliefs and culture continuity. Studies like this contribute to a better understanding of Totonac culture and native ecology, and give ideas for a better land management.'

'So far, six species of Oxeoschistus Butler, including its junior synonym Dioriste Thieme, were listed from Central America, with five of them from Costa Rica alone, which appears to represent the highest regional diversity of this Neotropical montane butterfly genus. Our research based on field work, morphological studies and barcode analysis proved that one record is a misunderstanding perpetuated in scientific literature for over a century: Oxeoschistus cothonides Grose-Smith is identified here as an individual form of the female of O. cothon Salvin. The presence of Oxeoschistus tauropolis (Westwood) in Costa Rica, subject to some controversy, is confirmed, and a new local subspecies is described from Costa Rica, O. tauropolis mitsuko Pyrcz & Nakamura n. ssp. Specific status of O. euriphyle Butler is reinstated based on morphological and molecular data. A new subspecies O. hilara lempira Pyrcz n. ssp. is described from Honduras. O. puerta submaculatus Butler is reported for the first time from the Dari\xc3\xa9n region on the Panama\xe2\x80\x93Colombia border. Species relationships are preliminarily evaluated based on COI data concluding, among others, that O. hilara and O. euriphyle are less closely related than previously assumed. Altitudinal and distributional data are revised, and ecological and behavioural information of all the species of Central American Oxeoschistus is provided.'

'A view of pollination systems is that they tend to generalization. Here we show that patterns exist in pollination systems that suggest otherwise. We examine how specialization may be affected by latitude, species richness and plant life-forms in 33 plant-pollinator interaction networks. Connectance increases with latitude (P = 0.040), but specialization at the community level significantly declines with increasing latitude, with the strongest evidence in the Northern Hemisphere (P = 0.001). The relationship between specialization level and connectance is negative (P < 0.001). While plants are more specialized in tropical areas and are more generalized at higher latitudes, specialization level also increases with plant richness (P < 0.001), total species richness (P = 0.041) and network size (P = 0.009). Specialization level of life forms of 1129 species differ substantially (P < 0.001), with herbs showing the highest specialization (74%), and tree species the lowest (62%).'

'In this study we examine the performance of eight of the IPCC AR4 global coupled climate models used in the WCRP CMIP3 Multimodel Dataset, as well as their ensemble mean, in simulating annual indices of extreme temperature and precipitation climate events in South America. In this first part we focus on comparing observed and modeled mean values and interannual variability. Two extreme temperature indices based on minimum temperature (warm nights and frost days) and three indices of extreme precipitation (R95t, R10 and consecutive dry days), obtained both from meteorological stations during 1961\xe2\x80\x932000 and model outputs, were compared. The number of warm nights are better represented by models than the FD. The interannual variability pattern is also in good agreement with the observed values. For precipitation, the index that is best represented by the models is the R95t, which relates the extreme precipitation to local climate. The maximum of dryness observed over the central Argentinian Andes or the extensive dry season of the Amazon region could not be represented by any model.'

'\nThis article discusses paleoethnobotanical research and results presented in the recent literature. Although archaeobotany is a fairly recent addition to the study of the past, it now encompasses a diverse range of techniques, analyses, and new results. Issues that are prominent in this archaeological subdiscipline include the origins of agriculture, resource use, environmental reconstruction, anthropogenic environmental change, political-economic change, plant cultivation and crop production, plant processing, consumption (diet), and site deposition. Some of the plant identification methods for macrobotanical remains include morphology using light microscopes, histology with the scanning electron microscope, and statistics. The study of microbotanical remains has expanded greatly and now includes pollen, phytolith, chemical, and molecular analyses.\n'

'This article discusses paleoethnobotanical research and results presented in the recent literature. Although archaeobotany is a fairly recent addition to the study of the past, it now encompasses a diverse range of techniques, analyses, and new results. Issues that are prominent in this archaeological subdiscipline include the origins of agriculture, resource use, environmental reconstruction, anthropogenic environmental change, political-economic change, plant cultivation and crop production, plant processing, consumption (diet), and site deposition. Some of the plant identification methods for macrobotanical remains include morphology using light microscopes, histology with the scanning electron microscope, and statistics. The study of microbotanical remains has expanded greatly and now includes pollen, phytolith, chemical, and molecular analyses.'

'The effect of habitat choice on fuelling behaviour and the organization of migration in birds has rarely been examined, despite the potential impact of widespread anthropogenic transformation of stopover regions. High energetic requirements in migrating birds mean that resource abundance, through its influence on fuel deposition rates (FDR), is expected to be the main determinant of stopover and migration strategy. We examined the spring stopover of Tennessee Warblers (Oreothlypis peregrina) in northern Colombia, evaluating how diet, FDR, stopover duration, departure mass and estimated flight range varied between two commonly used stopover habitats: shade coffee plantations and pre-montane forests. Diet included insects in both habitats, but fruit was only consumed in pre-montane forest, where FDR was highest (FDR forest\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x892.4% LBM/day; coffee\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.5% LBM/day). Three different estimates of stopover duration suggested longer stays in coffee but lengthier durations did not result in equivalent departure mass between habitats, such that estimated flight range was twice as long for birds departing forest (2000\xc2\xa0km) relative to coffee (1088\xc2\xa0km). We conclude that stopover performance differed between habitats, likely influencing the subsequent temporal and spatial organization of spring migration. On the basis of flight ranges, stopovers in shade coffee may also increase the risks of trans-Caribbean flights, suggesting a mechanism by which stopover habitat could directly influence survival. Given that fruit consumption in forest probably explains these differences, we recommend the identification of appropriate fruiting trees for Neotropical agroforestry systems that can tolerate a variety of conditions and increase the quality of these anthropogenic habitats for migratory and other frugivorous birds.'

'The biodiversity hotspot of the Equatorial Pacific region in western Ecuador and northwestern Peru comprises the most extensive seasonally dry forest formations west of the Andes. Based on a recently assembled checklist of the woody plants occurring in this region, we analysed their geographical and altitudinal distribution patterns. The montane seasonally dry forest region (at an altitude between 1,000 and 1,100\xc2\xa0m, and the smallest in terms of area) was outstanding in terms of total species richness and number of endemics. The extensive seasonally dry forest formations in the Ecuadorean and Peruvian lowlands and hills (i.e., forests below 500\xc2\xa0m altitude) were comparatively much more species poor. It is remarkable though, that there were so many fewer collections in the Peruvian departments and Ecuadorean provinces with substantial mountainous areas, such as Cajamarca and Loja, respectively, indicating that these places have a potentially higher number of species. We estimate that some form of protected area (at country, state or private level) is currently conserving only 5% of the approximately 55,000\xc2\xa0km2 of remaining SDF in the region, and many of these areas protect vegetation at altitudes below 500\xc2\xa0m altitude. In contrast, the more diverse seasonally dry forests in mountainous areas remain little protected.'

'The paleoecological record allows contemporary ecologists to put current phenomena into the context of a longer time-frame, thereby providing the opportunity to evaluate the importance of slowly operating processes, past cyclic or unusual events, disturbance regimes, and historically constrained phenomena. We briefly outline the environmental history of the Quaternary, discuss the spatial and temporal resolution of the paleoecological evidence for biotic change, and summarize data relevant to such current issues as the nature of the biotic community, the role of disturbance, stability versus rapid change, evolutionary theory, explanations of species diversity, and refugia theory. Finally, we offer examples of the utility of paleoecological techniques for ecologists and environmental scientists.'

'The effect of forest size on avian diversity was studied in oak forest patches in rural New Jersey. Number of bird species continued to increase significantly in old oak woods up through 40 ha. This was due to the progressive addition of carnivorous species with increasing minimum forest size requirements. One large woodlot had more species than the same area subdivided into smaller woodlots. To maintain maximum regional diversity more than three large forests are required. Primary land use priority should be to protect large forests. Second priority should be to maintain a high density of small woodlots.'

'Understanding how species use and persist in agricultural areas is useful for planning conservation efforts at the landscape scale. Information at the population level is scarce, even for organisms, such as dung beetles, that are traditionally used in biodiversity studies to evaluate the effects of anthropic disturbance. Based on multiple mark\xe2\x80\x93recapture events, the description of movement patterns and three population parameters (population size, survival and recruitment) were compared for two dung beetle species (Dichotomius cf. alyattes and Oxysternon conspicillatum) in a fragmented Andean landscape dominated by sun-grown coffee crops. Interspecific differences were detected in movement patterns and in the minimum distance moved across the landscape, with the latter associated with wing loading and species habitat preferences. D. cf. alyattes was captured in both the forest and in sun-grown coffee plots, but tended to limit its movement to patches of forest, while O. conspicillatum covered large distances in short periods of time across the sun-grown coffee crops (ca. 1.7\xc2\xa0km/24\xc2\xa0h). The population of each species increased during the months of greatest precipitation, prior to the recruitment of new beetles. Given their great capacity for movement, habitat preference and their differential use of the landscape, the species studied can be used as models to evaluate the functional connectivity of Andean landscapes under high anthropic demand. Our results support the idea of the differential response of species to land-use changes, an aspect that should be considered for effective biodiversity conservation and ecosystem functioning in human-dominated landscapes.'

'The Amazonian ecosystems of Madre de Dios (MDD) region, considered Peru\xe2\x80\x99s \xe2\x80\x9ccapital of biodiversity\xe2\x80\x9d due to its impressive species richness, are threatened by the rapid expansion of infrastructure. The paving of the Interoceanic Highway in 2010 has brought rapid population growth and environmental degradation, threatening large-scale conservation efforts such as the Vilcabamba-Amboro Conservation Corridor (VACC). To quantify the impacts of development processes and to identify critical areas where further conservation efforts should be focused, we analyzed 20\xc2\xa0years of land use and land cover (LULC) dynamics, drivers, and fragmentation patterns in MDD. We mapped LULC in 1993, 2003, and 2013 using Landsat imagery and modeled the proximate drivers of change related to deforestation, forest regrowth, gold mining, agriculture, and urban expansion in two time periods (1993\xe2\x80\x932003 and 2003\xe2\x80\x932013). We characterized habitat fragmentation patterns in four regional target areas. Our results show accelerated deforestation triggered by the road network spreading, mining and agriculture expansion, and population growth. LULC changes produced two contrasting spatial landscape patterns: numerous small forest fragments in the north due to agricultural expansion along the Interoceanic Highway and large continuous forest losses caused by gold mining expansion in the south. Current unplanned development in this region is threatening its outstanding biodiversity. We suggest that further conservation efforts should focus on strengthening the legal framework of the VACC, implementing a sustainable management plan for MDD, promoting agroforestry strategies along the Interoceanic Highway, and preserving smaller corridors for animal movement.'

'Compared with other groups of unicellular freshwater algae, desmids lend themselves well to biogeographical studies since, at species level, identification is often relatively easy, whereas high ecological demands use to curtain their geographical distribution. Considering some ten desmid floral regions as distinguished in the beginning of this century, Indo-Malaysia/Northern Australia, tropical America, and equatorial Africa come to the fore as most pronounced. Also well typified are Eastern Asia, New Zealand/Southern Australia, and North America. Less endemic species are met with in Southern Africa and extratropical South America, whereas temperate Eurasia, with respect to the other continents, is mainly negatively characterized. The so-called arctic-alpine desmid flora may be encountered on all continents, provided that adequate minimum temperatures occur. Its distribution seems to be determined microclimatologically rather than macroclimatologically. Arguments for a tropical origin of the desmids as an algal group are adduced.'

'This paper presents a case of planting and management of natural regeneration of shihuahuaco (Dipteryx spp.) by recent migrants in a Peruvian Amazonian logging frontier. We interviewed residents of three communities of smallholders in Irazola District, Province of Padre Abad, Region of Ucayali, located within the historic and actual boundaries of an active logging concession, and conducted growth studies of shihuahuaco trees planted in two mixed-species agroforestry fields, over a period of 3\xc2\xa0years. We found that the majority of landholders were managing the natural regeneration of valuable hardwood timber trees, and planting seedlings on their lands. Growth of shihuahuaco trees in agroforestry fields was comparable to growth rates in managed silvicultural plantations, which suggests the potential for local smallholders activities to contribute to conservation of genetic stock and eventual renewal of populations depleted by logging. We recommend greater recognition and inclusion of local people, with their innovative and productive silvicultural practices, in efforts to remediate the impacts of selective logging of high-value timber species.'

"Any attempts to preserve Third World ecosystems must recognize that the ultimate decisions lie with the governments of these sovereign states, which have to deal with widespread demands for higher living standards as well as growing populations. To deal with the powerful pressures of economic growth, the most promising strategy for conservationists is to press the Western industrialized states, where the conservation movement is relatively strong, to join with the Third World in an international agreement whereby the latter would preserve portions of threatened ecosystems in exchange for compensation provided from the industralized countries, most plausibly through an agreement to reduce Third World countries' debt. To reinforce this protection, the industrialized states could agree to purchase tropical ecosystem products only from those states which agree to preserve certain portions of their ecosystems. While there would be great problems both in working out the levels of compensation and in persuading the industrialized states to participate in such a scheme, intensive lobbying by conservation groups might be enough to bring it to fruition."

'Wetlands cover at least 6\xc2\xa0% of the Earth\xe2\x80\x99s surface. They play a key role in hydrological and biogeochemical cycles, harbour a large part of the world\xe2\x80\x99s biodiversity, and provide multiple services to humankind. However, pressure in the form of land reclamation, intense resource exploitation, changes in hydrology, and pollution threaten wetlands on all continents. Depending on the region, 30\xe2\x80\x9390\xc2\xa0% of the world\xe2\x80\x99s wetlands have already been destroyed or strongly modified in many countries with no sign of abatement. Climate change scenarios predict additional stresses on wetlands, mainly because of changes in hydrology, temperature increases, and a rise in sea level. Yet, intact wetlands play a key role as buffers in the hydrological cycle and as sinks for organic carbon, counteracting the effects of the increase in atmospheric CO2. Eight chapters comprising this volume of Aquatic Sciences analyze the current ecological situation and the use of the wetlands in major regions of the world in the context of global climate change. This final chapter provides a synthesis of the findings and recommendations for the sustainable use and protection of these important ecosystems.'

'BackgroundEulychnia acida is an endemic Chilean cactus species whose fruits show several traits that, taken as a whole, are compatible with a seed dispersal syndrome by large herbivore vertebrates. Since only a few large native mammals exist in Chile at present, cactus fruit consumption and seed dispersal may be coopted by introduced mammals as predicted by Janzen and Martin\xe2\x80\x99s (1982) hypothesis for tropical ecosystems.FindingsWe describe the current frugivore species of E. acida in a protected semiarid-Mediterranean ecosystem using field measurements and feeding experiments. In addition, to examine a potential role as seed dispersers of the cactus species, we offered fruits and performed germination tests on seeds defecated by Lama guanicoe and the introduced goat Capra a. hircus under captivity conditions. Our data indicate that while fruits of E. acida are pecked by the Chilean tinamou, Nothoprocta perdicaria, and the Chilean mockingbird, Mimus thenca, and eaten by the brush-tailed rodent, Octodon degus, none of these species could be considered a legitimate seed disperser. Unlike L. guanicoe, the goat C. a. hircus did not reduce seed germination, having a neutral effect.ConclusionsResults from this study indicate that introduced C. a. hircus was the only species showing a potential role in the seed dispersal process of E. acida. In the absence of native frugivore species, goats might play an important role in population recruitment of the endemic cactus. These results extend Janzen and Martin\xe2\x80\x99s (1982) anachronism hypothesis to the Chilean Mediterranean ecosystem.'

'Hummingbird-pollinated flowers are frequently subjected to nectar robbing. In this paper, I examine the impact of nectar robbing on plant reproductive success on a hummingbird-pollinated species. After studying the basic aspects of the floral morphology and reproduction of Macleania bullata (Ericaceae) in a tropical montane wet forest in southwest Colombia, I examined the percent of flowers robbed and the effect of nectar robbery on fruit set. The flowers of this species are typical for plants pollinated by long-bill hummingbirds. They are protandrous and open for four days. Fruit production requires a pollinator visit; fruit set following pollinator exclusion was zero. Fruit set following xenogamous pollen transfer (36.8%) differed significantly from that of population controls (11.9%) and of autogamous pollen transfer (6.3%). Nectar volume, sugar concentration and sugar production were measured at daily intervals from bud opening until the fading of flowers. Daily nectar production (both volume and amount of sugar) varied considerably with flower age. Sugar production peaked on the second day, coinciding with the male phase. The frequency of nectar robbing in the studied population was very high (75% of examined flowers) and was positively correlated with reduced fruit set. I discuss the probability of a relation between reduced fruit set on robbed flowers and an energetic investment. Robbing by non-pollinating visitors can suppose the plant to re-synthesize more nectar. The high incidence of nectar robbing impugns the advantage of specialization.'

'A tree-ring reconstruction of summer temperatures from northern Patagonia shows distinct episodes of higher and lower temperature during the last 1000 yr. The first cold interval was from A.D. 900 to 1070, which was followed by a warm period A.D. 1080 to 1250 (approximately coincident with theMedieval Warm Epoch). Afterwards a long, cold-moist interval followed from A.D. 1270 to 1660, peaking around 1340 and 1640 (contemporaneously with earlyLittle Ice Age events in the Northern Hemisphere). In central Chile, winter rainfall variations were reconstructed using tree rings back to the year A.D. 1220. From A.D. 1220 to 1280, and from A.D. 1450 to 1550, rainfall was above the long-term mean. Droughts apparently occurred between A.D. 1280 and 1450, from 1570 to 1650, and from 1770 to 1820. In northern Patagonia, radiocarbon dates and tree-ring dates record two major glacial advances in the A.D. 1270\xe2\x80\x931380 and 1520\xe2\x80\x931670 intervals. In southern Patagonia, the initiation of theLittle Ice Age appears to have been around A.D. 1300, and the culmination of glacial advances between the late 17th to the early 19th centuries.Most of the reconstructed winter-dry periods in central Chile are synchronous with cold summers in northern Patagonia, resembling the present regional patterns associated with the El Ni\xc3\xb1o-Southern Oscillation (ENSO). The years A.D. 1468\xe2\x80\x9369 represent, in both temperature and precipitation reconstructions from treerings, the largest departures during the last 1000 yr. A very strong ENSO event was probably responsible for these extreme deviations. Tree-ring analysis also indicates that the association between a weaker southeastern Pacific subtropical anticyclone and the occurence of El Ni\xc3\xb1o events has been stable over the last four centuries, although some anomalous cases are recognized.'

'In passerines, high species richness is driven mainly by dense occupation of the trait space rather than by an increased volume of the trait space. This niche packing mechanism would be allowed by increased specialization. Here we studied the Tyranni to investigate how species from the parvorders Tyrannida and Furnariida share the trait space. Because Furnariida include more specialized species in diet and foraging, we expected niche packing to be a predominant mechanism driving species richness in this group and tested (1) whether differences exist in local functional structure and the spatial regularity of occupied functional space between the groups and, if so, (2) whether the differences in local functional structure are explained by species trait combinations, species abundances, or both. We calculated indexes of functional diversity (alpha diversity), variation in trait composition (beta diversity), and generalized linear mixed models (GLMMs). We recorded 32 and 30 species in each passerine group using point counts for 4 years in an undisturbed continuous forest of southern Brazil. Although both groups presented similar overall richness, our models indicated that Furnariida had more species per transect and higher diversity values than those of Tyrannida but lower dissimilarity and turnover of traits. Furthermore, linear models of species richness and functional richness had higher slopes for Tyrannida than for Furnariida. Our study suggests two different strategies in Tyranni: while species richness in Tyrannida is reached by higher dissimilarity among local assemblages, in Furnariida species packing is the dominant mechanism.'

Abstract not available

'Carotenoid pigments were extracted from 29 feather patches from 25 species of cotingas (Cotingidae) representing all lineages of the family with carotenoid plumage coloration. Using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), mass spectrometry, chemical analysis, and 1H-NMR, 16 different carotenoid molecules were documented in the plumages of the cotinga family. These included common dietary xanthophylls (lutein and zeaxanthin), canary xanthophylls A and B, four well known and broadly distributed avian ketocarotenoids (canthaxanthin, astaxanthin, \xce\xb1-doradexanthin, and adonixanthin), rhodoxanthin, and seven 4-methoxy-ketocarotenoids. Methoxy-ketocarotenoids were found in 12 species within seven cotinga genera, including a new, previously undescribed molecule isolated from the Andean Cock-of-the-Rock Rupicola peruviana, 3\xe2\x80\xb2-hydroxy-3-methoxy-\xce\xb2,\xce\xb2-carotene-4-one, which we name rupicolin. The diversity of cotinga plumage carotenoid pigments is hypothesized to be derived via four metabolic pathways from lutein, zeaxanthin, \xce\xb2-cryptoxanthin, and \xce\xb2-carotene. All metabolic transformations within the four pathways can be described by six or seven different enzymatic reactions. Three of these reactions are shared among three precursor pathways and are responsible for eight different metabolically derived carotenoid molecules. The function of cotinga plumage carotenoid diversity was analyzed with reflectance spectrophotometry of plumage patches and a tetrahedral model of avian color visual perception. The evolutionary history of the origin of this diversity is analyzed phylogenetically. The color space analyses document that the evolutionarily derived metabolic modifications of dietary xanthophylls have resulted in the creation of distinctive orange-red and purple visual colors.'

'Palynological studies on late Quaternary lake sediments from the region of the Amazon estuary, 100 km north-east of Bel\xc3\xa9m, Par\xc3\xa1 State, Brazil, enable reconstruction of lowland Amazonian rain forest during the Late-glacial and Holocene periods. Late-glacial forests included populations of Podocarpus which suggests a distinct climatic cooling. Ilex was abundant in the early Holocene. Records of the mangrove taxon, Rhizophora, indicate rapid Atlantic sea-level rise in the beginning of the Holocene. High charcoal representation may reflect the first arrival of Amerindians in the Amazon coastal area, probably about 10 800 B.P.'

'Passeriform birds exhibit previously unreported differences in the course of the arteria ophthalmica externa in the middle ear, which can easily be traced through examination of the involved osseous structures. In the Suboscines and most of the Oscines outside the clade Passerida, the arteria ophthalmica externa runs in the same osseous canal as the vena ophthalmica externa, which is the plesiomorphic condition that is also found in non-passeriform birds. In all Muscicapoidea, Passeroidea, and Certhioidea, as well as in several other taxa of the Passerida and a few songbirds outside this clade, however, the arteria ophthalmica externa is enclosed in its own canal and is widely separated from the vena ophthalmica externa. This derived vascular trait constitutes the first morphological apomorphy of a major subclade of the Passerida and is likely to be of physiological significance. The ophthalmic artery supplies the rete ophthalmicum, which serves as a heat-exchange structure and regulates the brain and eye temperature. The derived course of the arteria ophthalmica externa is here interpreted as an adaptation towards the minimization of heat loss of the arterial blood before it reaches the eye and the brain. The derived state predominantly occurs in taxa that occur in cool climates and may constitute a critical trait enabling the all-season occurrence of songbirds in far northern latitudes.'

'The Amazon is one of the most speciose regions in the world. Yet there are still undescribed and misidentified species, and scarce information about the biology of the described species in the region. Here, we evaluate for the first time the existence of genetically differentiated lineages within the polytypic species Dendrexetastes rufigula, an endemic Amazonian lineage. We identified three major evolutionary independent units using both mitochondrial (Cytb and ND2) and nuclear (G3PDH, BF5 and MUSK) markers that roughly corresponded to currently recognized subspecies. Although we found strong statistical support for the reciprocal monophyly of D. r rufigula and D. r. devillei, we did not find reciprocal monophyly between D. r. moniliger and D. r. paraensis, which were paraphyletic. However, these two taxa grouped together in a clade with Bayesian but not bootstrap support. Moreover, clades D. r. rufigula, D. r. devillei, and D. r. moniliger/paraensis differed from each other by much higher mitochondrial genetic distances (between 1 and 2%), than that separating D. r. paraensis from D. r. moniliger (0.3 \xc2\xb1 0.1%). We add molecular evidence to the morphological data supporting that D. r. rufigula and D. r. devillei are highly diagnostic taxa that could be regarded as two distinct species. Conversely, although D. r. moniliger and D. r. paraensis are both genetically and morphologically distinct from either D. r. rufigula or D. r. devillei, D. r. moniliger and D. r. paraensis cannot be considered mutually independent evolutionary lineages. This result is particularly important from a conservation perspective, since D. r. paraensis is considered threatened in Brazil. Our results support that at least three main evolutionary lineages deserving evolutionary species status exist in the Cinnamon- throated Woodcreeper, and that the endangered lineage in the Bel\xc3\xa9m area of endemism is a morphologically slightly distinct subset of a more widespread lineage endemic to southeastern Amazonia east of the Madeira River.'

'Understanding species distributions and the variation of assemblage structure in time and space are fundamental goals of biogeography and ecology. Here, we use an ecological niche modeling and macroecological approach in order to assess whether constraints patterns in carnivoran richness and composition structures in replicated assemblages through time and space should reflect environmental filtering through ecological niche constraints from the Last Inter-glacial (LIG), Last Glacial Maximum (LGM) to the present (C) time. Our results suggest a diverse distribution of carnivoran co-occurrence patterns at the continental scale as a result of spatial climatic variation as an important driver constrained by the ecological niches of the species. This influence was an important factor restructuring assemblages (more directly on richness than composition patterns) not only at the continental level, but also from regional and local scales and this influence was geographically different throughout the space in the continent. These climatic restrictions and disruption of the niche during the environmental changes at the LIG-LGM-C transition show a considerable shift in assemblage richness and composition across the Americas, which suggests an environmental filtering mainly during the LGM, explaining between 30 and 75% of these variations through space and time, with more accentuated changes in North than South America. LGM was likely to be critical in species functional adaptation and distribution and therefore on assemblage structuring and rearranging from continental to local scales through time in the continent. Still, extinction processes are the result of many interacting factors, where climate is just one part of the picture.'

'To persist in a landscape, organisms are often faced with evolutionary tradeoffs between individual survival and reproduction. In environments where breeding opportunities are brief, it has been hypothesized that individuals will decrease investments in self-preservation in favor of reproductive success. Many avian species in the Northern Hemisphere have been shown to diminish their physiological response to perturbations of the environment by decreasing the adrenocortical response to acute stress during the parental care phase of reproduction. We present results from three populations of Rufous-collared Sparrow (Zonotrichia capensis) in the Southern Hemisphere in which we compared the dynamics of changes in plasma levels of corticosterone after capture, handling and restraint in pre-breeding and nesting phases. The results suggest that the degree of seasonal reduction of the adrenocortical stress response in parental birds is different from that of congeners in the Northern Hemisphere. Males of all three populations of Z. capensis in our study attenuated the adrenocortical stress response equally between the early breeding and parental sub-phases of nesting despite breeding at very different altitudes and latitudes. In contrast, females from all three populations showed no seasonal attenuation of the adrenocortical stress response over the seasons examined in this study. These findings suggest that further comparative investigations are needed to compare Northern Hemisphere-based endocrine patterns in different, global contexts.'

"A completely new feeding pattern has been found among caterpillars native to Hawaii: certain geometrid larvae (commonly called \xe2\x80\x9cinchworms\xe2\x80\x9d) consume no leaves or other plant matter. Instead, they perch inconspicuously along leaf edges and stems to seize insects that touch their posterior body section. By bending the front of their body backwards in a very rapid strike, the caterpillars opportunistically capture their prey with elongated, spiny legs and 900 larvae and eggs of these moths have been collected from native forests of all the main islands and reared in the laboratory. All are species of Eupithecia, a worldwide group of over 1000 members that had been reported to feed only on plant matter such as flowers, leaves or seeds. At least 6 of Hawaii's described Eupithecia species are raptorially carnivorous, only 2 are known to feed predominantly on plant material, especially Metrosideros flowers. A diet including protein-rich flower pollen and a defensive behavior of snapping may have preadapted Hawaii's ancestral Eupithecia for a shift to predation. Severe barriers to dispersal of mantids and other continental insect predators into Hawaii resulted in an environment favoring behavioral and consequent morphological adaptations that produced these singular insects, which can be commonly called the \xe2\x80\x9cgrappling inchworms\xe2\x80\x9d. Most damage to native biota and habitat is due to imported species or \xe2\x80\x9cbiological pollution\xe2\x80\x9d, and has caused a serious need for protective management."

'BackgroundOcbil theory aims to develop hypotheses explaining the evolution and ecology of, and best conservation practices for, biota on very old, climatically buffered, infertile landscapes (Ocbils).ScopeThis paper reviews recent multi-disciplinary literature inspired by or reacting to aspects of Ocbil theory and discusses how it can assist conservation in biodiversity hotspots.ConclusionsOcbils occur in at least 12 out of 35 known terrestrial hotspots, but also in other biologically significant sites. Most evidence comes from the Southwest Australian and Greater Cape Floristic Regions, South America\xe2\x80\x99s Pantepui, and the Campo Rupestre of Brazil, though predictions of the theory have been corroborated in 22 sites across South America, Western and Eastern Africa, Southern Asia, and Oceania. Most hypotheses have been corroborated, indicating that Ocbil theory has survived largely intact after 6\xc2\xa0years of independent scientific critique, quantitative experimentation, and development. The theory also has been extended to allow identification and characterization of OCBISs (old, climatically-buffered, infertile seascapes), and OCFELs (old, climatically-buffered, fertile landscapes). We illustrate that the principles of Ocbil theory are key to conservation of biodiversity at global scale and provide new directions for research that can improve the theoretical and practical contributions of Ocbil theory.'

'In today\xe2\x80\x99s global economy and affordable vacation travel, it is increasingly important that visitors to another country and their physician be familiar with emerging infections, infections unique to a specific geographic region, and risks related to the process of travel. This is never more important than for patients with primary immunodeficiency disorders (PIDD). A recent review addressing common causes of fever in travelers provides important information for the general population Thwaites and Day (N Engl J Med 376:548-560, 2017). This review covers critical infectious and management concerns specifically related to travel for patients with PIDD. This review will discuss the context of the changing landscape of infections, highlight specific infections of concern, and profile distinct infection phenotypes in patients who are immune compromised. The organization of this review will address the environment driving emerging infections and several concerns unique to patients with PIDD. The first section addresses general considerations, the second section profiles specific infections organized according to mechanism of transmission, and the third section focuses on unique phenotypes and unique susceptibilities in patients with PIDDs. This review does not address most parasitic diseases. Reference tables provide easily accessible information on a broader range of infections than is described in the text.'

'Myxomycetes are microorganisms frequently considered to be of cosmopolitan distribution, however as studies in unexplored areas have intensified, more information has become available on the patterns of distribution of these organisms, but no historical or cladistic biogeographic approaches have been applied to understand such patterns. In this study a parsimony analysis of endemicity (PAE) was used in order to generate a preliminary hypothesis on the biogeographic relationships of 13 American areas in which a well-known myxomycete biota exists. In general terms the hypotheses of the relationship between the myxomycete assemblages of areas used in this study agree with those reported for other groups of organisms. They appear to show that a historical-geographic pattern influences the distribution of myxomycetes as much as environmental factors. Three main clades were found in the analysis, with the first one including the two subantarctic localities, the second one representing the South American transition zone and the last one including all the Neotropical and Nearctic areas, but arranged into two subclades, one with the arid areas and the other with the tropical and temperate humid areas. Each clade or subclade in the cladogram is supported by the presence of several morphospecies, some of which appear to represent endemic species restricted to specific geographic areas. The results of this analysis are proposed as a working hypothesis that can perhaps be supported in the future with new data from other complementary regions of America or with more intense surveys in the areas already explored. They are inconsistent with the hypothesis of cosmopolitan distribution for these microorganisms, as they appear to indicate groups of species that are restricted to certain geographic areas, some of which may be endemic, such as those from the subantarctic forests of South America, those found exclusively in the South American arid areas or those that have been recently described from arid areas of North America.'

'The alpha-diversity of trees found in the region of Manaus, Brazil is among the highest recorded for one-hectare plots in Amazonia or any tropical forest. Based on a survey of the distributions of 2541 Neotropical tree species, we analyzed the geographic distribution of 364 species of terra firme forest trees that occur in the region and that are not edaphic specialists. Fifteen distinct distribution patterns were recognized for trees occurring in Manaus. The great majority of species (84.9%) have continuous, somewhat restricted distributions, 35 (9.6%) show broad distributions and 20 species (5.5%) show disjunction between Amazonia and Eastern Brazil. A remarkable 150 (41.2%) of these species showed the region of Manaus as one of their distribution limits. Using the same pool of 2541 species distributions, the percentage of species with a distribution limit in Manaus was compared with that for other localities known to be centers of botanical collection. The null hypothesis that the difference in proportion of species with distribution limits among these localities and Manaus is insignificant was rejected. We conclude that the results are not an artifact of collecting density, that Manaus is indeed a crossroads of distinct phytogeographic regions, and that this explains part of the high species diversity of trees in the region of Manaus. A number of scenarios proposed for the Pleistocene in Amazonia postulate some degree of fragmentation of Amazonian forests or at least populations. As much as these theories may conflict with each other in some respects, they are compatible with the concept of Manaus as a region of re-convergence of isolated or disrupted floras and faunas. The significance of the vicinity of Manaus in the history of the Amazon flora and its current status as a repository for surprisingly high tree diversity highlights the need to make this region a conservation priority.'

'Using the data published in the Catalogue of the Flowering Plants and Gymnosperms of Peru, we analyzed the elevational distributions of 5323 species reported as endemics from that country as a whole, for 10 families with the highest number of endemic taxa in Peru, and the distribution patterns of these species according to life form. We calculated the density of endemism (number of endemic species divided by area \xc3\x97 1000) and absolute number of endemic species among life forms and families, along an elevational gradient. Overall densities of endemics were 10\xe2\x80\x9315 times higher at mid-elevation (2000\xe2\x80\x933500 m) than in the Amazonian lowlands (0\xe2\x80\x93500 m). Absolute numbers of endemics peaked at 1500\xe2\x80\x933000 m for herbs, shrubs, and epiphytes, while trees, vines, and lianas showed maxima in the lowlands (0\xe2\x80\x93500 m); yet densities of endemics for all life forms peaked at 1500\xe2\x80\x933000 m. Among the 10 families with the highest number of endemics, densities of endemics peaked at mid- to high elevation (1500\xe2\x80\x934500 m), but showed much disparity in the elevational distribution of absolute numbers of endemic species. Finally, the percentage of endemic species to total species is highest for herbs, shrubs, and epiphytes. Given that less than 10% of the land area for each of the montane zones (2000\xe2\x80\x934500 m) is protected compared to 13.5\xe2\x80\x9329.9% in the lower elevations (0\xe2\x80\x931000 m), we recommend that priority be given to increasing the size of protected areas at mid- to high altitude in the Andean slopes to grant further protection in zones with the highest density of endemics. We also recommend that more emphasis be given to collecting and studying non-trees, since most endemic species belong to that class.'

'We examined whether sexual differences in trophic morphology are associated with sexual differences in foraging behavior through two laboratory experiments on rufous hummingbirds (Selasphorus rufus) designed to compare probing abilities (maximum extraction depths) and handling times of sexes at flowers. Bills of female S. rufus are about 10.5% longer than bills of males, and this difference was associated with sexual differences in foraging abilities. Maximum extraction depths of female S. rufus were significantly greater than those of males, and no overlap between the sexes was observed. Moreover, handling times of females were shorter than handling times of males at flowers having longer corollas (\xe2\x89\xa515 mm). Thus, because of their longer bills, female S. rufus have the potential to feed from longer flowers than males, and can do so more quickly. We suggest that no single mechanism is responsible for the evolution of sexual dimorphism in bill lengths of hummingbirds, but rather that the dimorphism probably reflects the combined effects of reproductive role division and intersexual food competition, and possibly, sexual selection.'

'The tick species recorded from Chile can be listed under the following headings: (1) endemic or established: Argas keiransi Estrada-Pe\xc3\xb1a, Venzal and Gonzalez-Acu\xc3\xb1a, A. neghmei Kohls and Hoogstraal; Ornithodoros amblus Chamberlin; Otobius megnini (Dug\xc3\xa8s); Amblyomma parvitarsum Neumann; A. tigrinum Koch; Ixodes auritulus Neumann; I. chilensis Kohls; I. cornuae Arthur, I. sigelos Keirans, Clifford and Corwin; I. stilesi Neumann; I. uriae White; Rhipicephalus sanguineus Koch. (2) Probably established or endemic: Argas miniatus Koch; Ornithodoros spheniscus Hoogstraal, Wassef, Hays and Keirans; Ixodes abrocomae Lahille; I. neuquenensis Ringuelet; I. pararicinus Keirans and Clifford. (3) Doubtfully established: Argas reflexus Fabricius; Ornithodoros talaje (Gu\xc3\xa9rin-M\xc3\xa9neville). (4) Exotic: Amblyomma argentinae Neumann; A. latum Koch, Rhipicephalus (=Boophilus) microplus (Canestrini). (5) Erroneously identified as present in Chile: Amblyomma americanum (Linnaeus); A. maculatum Koch; A. varium Koch; Ixodes conepati Cooley and Kohls; I. frontalis (Panzer); I. ricinus (Linnaeus); Margaropus winthemi Karsch. (6) Nomina nuda: Argas reticulatus Gervais; Amblyomma inflatum Neumann; Ixodes lagotis Gervais. Hosts and localities (including new records) are presented. Argas neghmei, O. amblus, O. megnini, I. uriae and R. sanguineus may cause severe injury to their hosts, including humans. The Chilean Ixodes fauna is unique to the Neotropical Zoogeographic Region, and additional research is needed in order to understand the biological importance of these species.'

'Knowledge about members of the flowering plant family Clusiaceae occurring in the tropical mountain regions of the world is limited, in part due to endemism and restricted distributions. High altitude vegetation habitats (P\xc3\xa1ramos) in Central and South America are home to numerous native Hypericum species. Information related to the phytochemistry of p\xc3\xa1ramo Hypericum, as well as ecological factors with the potential to influence chemical defenses in these plants, is briefly reviewed. Results of the phytochemical analysis of Hypericum irazuense, a species collected in the p\xc3\xa1ramo of the Cordillera de Talamanca in Costa Rica, are presented. Lastly, guidelines for the viable and sustainable collections of plant material, to facilitate future investigations of these interesting plants, are given.'

'We examined the effect of seed ingestion by three ateline primates: woolly monkeys, Lagothrix lagothricha; spider monkeys, Ateles belzebuth; and, red howler, Alouatta seniculus on germination rates and latency periods of seeds of several plant species in Tinigua National Park, Colombia. We collected dispersed seeds from feces and control seeds from the parental trees and washed them for germination trials. For the majority of plants, dispersed seeds germinated as well or better than control seeds did. Although spider monkeys depend more heavily on fruits than the other monkey species do, they were not more efficient than howlers or woolly monkeys at improving germination rates. A considerable proportion of the seeds dispersed by howlers and woolly monkeys showed reduced latency periods to germination, but spider monkeys showed less effect on reducing germination time. This result may be related to longer gut retention times, but such a trend has not been observed in other primate species. We conclude that, like many other primates, ateline monkeys are effective seed dispersers in terms of their effects on the seeds they swallow because they rarely decrease their germination rates. We discuss problems that make interspecific comparisons difficult, such as inappropriate control seeds and differences associated with germination substrates, and we stress the importance of studying other components of seed dispersal effectiveness.'

'The galaxioid fishes are the dominant, most speciose group of freshwater fishes (with >50 species) in the lands of the cool southern hemisphere, with representatives in western and eastern Australia, Tasmania, New Caledonia, Lord Howe Island, New Zealand, the Chatham, Auckland and Campbell Islands, Patagonian South America (Chile, Argentina), the Falkland Islands and South Africa. The group is most diverse in Australia and New Zealand. Lepidogalaxiidae is found only in Australia, Retropinnidae in Australia and New Zealand, and Galaxiidae across the entire range of the group. Many species are in serious conservation crisis for a diversity of reasons, including habitat deterioration and possibly fisheries exploitation, but there is enduring and pervasive information that shows that the group has been seriously impacted by the acclimatisation of salmonid fishes originating in the cool-temperate northern hemisphere, particularly brown and rainbow trout. With few exceptions, where these trout have been introduced there has been major decline in the galaxioids, especially Galaxiidae, as a result of a complexly interacting series of adverse impacts from these introduced fishes. In some places, centrarchids and cichlids may also have adverse impacts. In addition, there appear to have been adverse impacts from the translocation of galaxioids into communities where they do not naturally occur. In many instances it appears that displacement of the galaxioids has led to a situation where galaxioids and salmonids no longer co-occur, owing either to displacement or predation, leading to fish communities in which there is no explicit evidence for displacement. These effects are resulting in the galaxioid fishes being amongst the most seriously threatened fishes known.'

'Dissemination pathways of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) cultivars from their areas of domestication to other parts of the Americas were determined using phaseolin type, as determined by 1-dimensional SDS/PAGE. Common bean cultivars of lowland South America exhibited approximately equal numbers of \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin types. \xe2\x80\x98S2019 cultivars of that region may have been introduced along a route starting in Middle America and leading into Colombia, Venezuela, and eventually Brazil. \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin cultivars in lowland South America may have been introduced directly from the Andes or indirectly by European immigrants. In the southwestern U.S.A., most of the cultivars showed an \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin, confirming the Middle American origin of these cultivars, as suggested previously by the archaeological record. In northeastern U.S.A. and Canada, the \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99and \xe2\x80\x98C\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin types were more frequent than the \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin cultivars. While most of the former were possibly introduced into that region by European immigrants, most of the latter may have been introduced by the pre-Columbian Indian populations. Seed size analysis revealed that \xe2\x80\x98T\xe2\x80\x99 or \xe2\x80\x98C\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin cultivars had significantly larger seeds than \xe2\x80\x98S\xe2\x80\x99 phaseolin cultivars, as had been observed previously in Middle America and the Andes. The phaseolin types of commercial seed types and of early northeastern U.S. cultivars are discussed.'

'A sounder theoretical basis for extrapolation and prediction, typologies of what is and what is not comparable, and representative natural areas for long-term field research are three geographically-based ingredients of comparative research in ecology. Two types of conceptual model allow assessment of the effects of phylogenesis and environment on ecosystem structure and functioning. The first is based on \xe2\x80\x98fixing\xe2\x80\x99 of genetic variables and study of biological performance along a gradient of environmental conditions \xe2\x80\x94 an approach of sequential analysis of environmental gradients. The second is based on \xe2\x80\x98fixing\xe2\x80\x99 of environmental variables and comparison of performance of different phylogenetic stocks in non-contiguous geographical areas \xe2\x80\x94 an approach entailing matching of disjunct ecological analogues. The two approaches are important complements in examining hypotheses of convergent and divergent evolution, in helping to define what really can be compared in comparative ecological research, and in contributing to ecology becoming a more predictive and credible science.'

'A review of the origins and history of the Guayana Highland region is given.'

'BackgroundOil palm plantation establishment in Colombia has the potential to impact Chagas disease transmission by increasing the distribution range of Rhodnius prolixus. In fact, previous studies have reported Trypanosoma cruzi natural infection in R. prolixus captured in oil palms (Elaeis guineensis) in the Orinoco region, Colombia. The aim of this study is to understand T. cruzi infection in vectors in oil palm plantations relative to community composition and host dietary specialization by analyzing vector blood meals and comparing these results to vectors captured in a native palm tree species, Attalea butyracea.MethodsRhodnius prolixus nymphs (n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x89316) were collected from A. butyracea and E. guineensis palms in Tauramena, Casanare, Colombia. Vector blood meals from these nymphs were determined by amplifying and sequencing a vertebrate-specific 12S rRNA gene fragment.ResultsEighteen vertebrate species were identified and pigs (Sus scrofa) made up the highest proportion of blood meals in both habitats, followed by house mouse (Mus musculus) and opossum (Didelphis marsupialis). Individual bugs feeding only from generalist mammal species had the highest predicted vector infection rate, suggesting that generalist mammalian species are more competent hosts for T. cruzi infection .ConclusionsOil palm plantations and A. butyracea palms found in altered areas provide a similar quality habitat for R. prolixus populations in terms of blood meal availability. Both habitats showed similarities in vector infection rate and potential host species, representing a single T. cruzi transmission scenario at the introduced oil palm plantation and native Attalea palm interface.'

Abstract not available

'Logging and forest loss continues to be a major problem within Southeast Asia and as a result, many species are becoming threatened or extinct. The present study provides the first detailed and comprehensive ecological data on the Siberut macaque (Macaca siberu), a primate species living exclusively on the island of Siberut off the west coast of Sumatra. Our results show that M. siberu is ecologically similar to its closest relative M. nemestrina occurring on the mainland, both species being semi-terrestrial, mainly frugivorous (75-76%), exhibit a large daily travel distance for their group size and spend more time on traveling than any other macaque species. The habitat of Siberut macaques was floristically very diverse (Simpson\xe2\x80\x99s index D=0.97), although somewhat impoverished in tree species richness, and had a lower tree basal area and a lower rattan density compared to other forests in Malesia (both rattan and palm tree fruit being an important food resource for Macaca siberu due to their long fruiting periods). These factors may lead to a lower diversity and abundance of fruit resources, and coupled with a high degree of frugivory of Siberut macaques, may explain the large amount of traveling observed in this species. The large home range requirements and strong dependence on fruit are important factors that need to be considered when developing conservation measures for this IUCN-listed (Category Vulnerable) species.'

'Based on the analysis of 600 vegetation plots using the method of Braun-Blanquet (1964) the composition of the whole vascular forest plant flora with about 1220 species was studied in the forests of Mt. Kilimanjaro. The altitudinal distribution of all strata (trees, shrubs, epiphytes, lianas and herbs) along a transect of 2400\xc2\xa0m is discussed with respect to altitudinal zonation and ecological factors. With uni-dimensionally constraint clustering significant discontinuities were revealed that occurred simultaneously in the different strata. Thus even in structurally highly complex, multilayered tropical montane forests distinct community units exist that can be surveyed and classified by the Braun-Blanquet approach. This observed zonation was significantly correlated with altitude, temperature and soil acidity (pH); rainfall was of importance in particular for the zonation of epiphytes. Other key factors were humidity (influenced by stable cloud condensation belts) and minimum temperature (in particular the occurrence of frost at 2700\xc2\xa0m altitude upslope). The contrary results of other transect studies in East Africa in respect to continuity of change in floristic composition appear to be caused by different sampling methods and intensities or mixing of data from areas with different climate conditions, whereas species richness did not influence the clarity of floristic discontinuities on Kilimanjaro and other parts of East Africa.'

'The objectives of this research were to: 1. evaluate the circadian activity patterns of lowland tapirs (Tapirus terrestris) throughout the seasons and 2. study the influence of moonlight, temperature and rainfall on the activity patterns and habitat selection of this species, in the coastal sand shrub in southern Brazil. From June 2005 to June 2006, eight tapirs were monitored in a large enclosure containing open and vegetation-covered areas, using four camera traps. Differences in activity patterns within seasons were found. Tapir predominately presented nocturnal-crepuscular activity; however, they differed in the winter, with cathemeral activity patterns. Covered areas were mostly used during periods of extreme temperatures, with less diurnal and more nocturnal activities within these areas, on hotter days. Activity in open areas mainly occurred during periods of intermediate temperatures, both during the day and in the night. Moonlight intensity did not influence nocturnal activities. On days of precipitation of 34 mm or more, there was no record of open-area activities, despite constant activity in covered-area.'

'Year-round flowering is widely reported in fig trees and is necessary for the survival of their short-living, specialized Agaonid pollinators. However, seasonality in both fig and leaf production has been noted in almost all published phenological studies. We have addressed the following questions in the present study: (1) Are reproductive and vegetative phenologies seasonal and, consequently, related to climate? (2) Does Ficus citrifolia produce ripe figs year round? (3) Is the fig development related to climate? And, (4) Are reproductive and vegetative phenologies independent? By investigating these questions with a F. citrifolia population over a two-year period, at the southern edge of the tropical region in Brazil, we detected phenological seasonality that was significantly correlated with climate. Our findings can be summarized as follows: (1) Trees became deciduous during the cold and dry months; (2) The flowering onset was asynchronous among individuals, but with moderate concentration during the hot and rainy months; (3) There was a correlation between the onset of flowering and vegetative phenology, with significantly higher crop initiations in individuals with full-leaf canopy; (4) Fig developmental time was longer in cold months; and (5) Ripe fig production occurred year-round and was not correlated with climate. Our results suggest that there are strong selection pressures that maintain the year-round flowering phenology in figs, for we have observed little seasonality in the phenology of such species despite the strong seasonality in the environment.'

Abstract not available

'All of Ecuador\xe2\x80\x99s indigenous Amazonian people use Carludovica palmata Ru\xc3\xadz & Pav\xc3\xb3n. The most frequent use is for roof thatching. Fibers from the petiole also are used to make baskets and to tie small timbers. The Shuar, Achuar and Quichua make mammal and fish traps from the petiole. The bases of unopened leaf buds and the fruits are edible. The buds have a taste similar to palm hearts. Carludovica palmata grows in open, disturbed sites often in alluvial soil. Ecuador\xe2\x80\x99s indigenous people often protect the plant when clearing fields. They also intentionally plant it. The commercial use of its buds for food and the marketing of native crafts made from C. palmata could rival the plant\xe2\x80\x99s importance in the Panama hat industry.'

'Beta diversity quantifies changes in assemblages among sites and can identify how anthropogenic changes affect species distributions patterns. We investigated how spatial and temporal beta diversity of fish assemblages responded to recent environmental changes within an established agroecosystem and investigated whether the observed pattern of spatial and temporal beta diversity was different from null expectations. Fish assemblages in 38 streams were sampled in 2003 and 2013, and local and regional variables were quantified in both periods. Species were classified into functional groups based on 15 ecomorphological traits. We tested for relationships between spatial and temporal patterns of beta diversity and its components (turnover and nestedness) and environmental distances and degree of changes over time, and for differences with null expectations. Spatial beta diversity was mostly due to turnover and remained relatively unchanged between periods. Spatial beta diversity was not different from randomness. Temporal beta diversity was lower than expected by null models and not correlated with environmental changes. Past environmental filters related to a long history of agricultural development homogenized habitats and fish assemblages by selecting for habitat-generalist species. In this context, contemporary fish assemblage dynamics in these streams are driven primarily by stochastic processes, likely stochastic local species loss.'

'According to a large volume of data an intensive crustal uplift began in the Oligocene over most of the continental areas after a long period of relative tectonic stability. This Neotectonic uplift formed most of the present positive topographic features on the continents, and its strong acceleration took place during the last several million years. In many regions the uplift was associated with magmatism. The main methods of studying the Neotectonic uplift are considered together with the data on the uplift of Southern Africa. In this area the uplift took place in the Early Miocene (up to 300 m) and in the Late Pliocene and Pleistocene (up to 900 m). It occurred without stretching or shortening of the crust. Rapid erosion of the lower part of mantle lithosphere by a plume material is proposed as a mechanism of the uplift. This material ascended from below and rapidly spread along the base of the lithosphere. Its spreading for \xe2\x88\xbc1000 km during a few million years is possible only under a low viscosity of normal asthenosphere (\xe2\x89\xa41019 Pa s) and a much lower viscosity of a plume material (\xe2\x89\xa42 \xc3\x97 1016 Pa s). As in Southern Africa, in most of the regions the Neotectonic uplift was associated with insignificant shortening or stretching of the crust. This indicates that in some regions a plume material ascended from below and rapidly spread along the base of the lithosphere and eroded the mantle lithosphere in vast areas beneath the continents. In regions with a hot asthenosphere a strong weakening of the mantle lithosphere which allows its erosion can be associated with a high temperature of the plume material. In regions where the asthenosphere is at moderate temperature weakening of the mantle lithosphere can result from infiltration of volatiles from the plume material.'

Abstract not available

'In Chile, mediterranean climate conditions only occur in the Central Zone (ChMZ). Despite its small area, this mediterranean climate region (med-region) has been recognised as a hotspot for biodiversity. However, in contrast to the rivers of other med-regions, the rivers in the ChMZ have been studied infrequently, and knowledge of their freshwater biodiversity is scarce and fragmented. We gathered information on the freshwater biodiversity of ChMZ, and present a review of the current knowledge of the principal floral and faunal groups. Existing knowledge indicates that the ChMZ has high levels of endemism, with many primitive species being of Gondwanan origin. Although detailed information is available on most floral groups, most faunal groups remain poorly known. In addition, numerous rivers in the ChMZ remain completely unexplored. Taxonomic specialists are scarce, and the information available on freshwater biodiversity has resulted from studies with objectives that did not directly address biodiversity issues. Research funding in this med-region has a strong applied character and is not focused on the knowledge of natural systems and their biodiversity. Species conservation policies are urgently required in this highly diverse med-region, which is also the most severely impacted and most populated region of the country.'

'The Sabana de Bogot\xc3\xa1 in the northern Andes is an interesting region to investigate temporal patterns of dietary variation because it counts with a vast archeological and osteological record for the last 10,000\xc2\xa0years. In this paper, stable isotope data of human archeological bone collagen and apatite were used to study the evolution of diet and major subsistence transformations taking place during the Holocene (\xe2\x88\xbc9000\xe2\x80\x93600\xc2\xa0cal BP). Paleoenvironmental reconstructions and the isotopic ecology of the Sabana de Bogot\xc3\xa1 were used as an interpretative baseline. Stable isotope measurements (\xce\xb413Ccol, \xce\xb413Cap, \xce\xb415N, and \xce\x9413Ccol-ap) representing hunter-gatherers, horticulturalists, and agriculturalists (N\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa0134 individuals) were analyzed by using bivariate, regressional, and discriminant statistical techniques. Results show that early Holocene hunter-gatherers (9000\xe2\x80\x937000\xc2\xa0cal BP) consumed mostly C3 vegetal resources locally available. In contrast, animal protein was less important. Middle Holocene hunter-gatherers (6000\xe2\x80\x934500\xc2\xa0cal BP) continued with the food foraging pattern observed in the earlier counterparts and presented a slight increase in C3 animal protein intake. During the initial late Holocene ca. 4000\xc2\xa0cal BP, important shifts in subsistence strategies occurred when populations presented a trend toward mixed C3/C4 diets, and by ca. 3500\xc2\xa0cal BP, there is a clear signal of C4 crops (i.e., maize) consumption concomitant with the introduction of ceramic technology. During the final late Holocene (last 2000\xc2\xa0cal years BP), intensive agriculture was adopted and humans presented relatively diverse diets integrated by C4 and C3 crops, C3-C4 feeding animals, and freshwater resources. Such dietary change coincides with an increase in sociopolitical complexity, population size, and a general decline in health.'

'The main constraint and continuing threat to cocoa production in Latin America is disease caused by two basidiomycete fungi belonging to the genus Crinipellis (Agaricales), both of which are currently on an invasive front. Classical biological control, in which coevolved natural enemies are considered to offer the most potential for sustainable control of invasive alien organisms, is investigated as a management strategy. Our initial approach has been to search for the suspected coevolved host (Theobroma gileri) of one of these pathogens, Crinipellis roreri, the causal agent of frosty pod rot, in the mesic forests of north-west Ecuador; to isolate the endophytes and mycoparasites associated with both host and pathogen; to screen selected fungi in the greenhouse and laboratory, in order to determine their biocontrol potential. Endophytes were isolated directly in the field from healthy tree boles and pods, and over 40 genera were recorded, mainly representing anamorphs of Hypocreales in the genera Acremonium, Clonostachys, Trichoderma and Verticillium, as well as basidiomycetes belonging to the Agaricales and Polyporales. Of the endophytic fungi tested, most can be inoculated into and recovered from asymptomatic cocoa seedlings. Twenty-eight mycoparasitic species were isolated from diseased pods and selected mycoparasites as well as endophytes were screened against C. roreri using the pre-colonised plate method. Consistently high mycoparasitism of the C. roreri pseudostroma was demonstrated, particularly by a complex of Clonostachys and Trichoderma species.'

Abstract not available

'Paul Colinvaux and his Ecuadorian student Miriam Steinitz-Kannan were the first modern scientists to study limnology in Ecuador in the 1960s and 1970s. Fifty years later, Steinitz-Kannan continues this research along with many collaborators, focusing on Andean, Amazonian, and Galapagos lakes, particularly their paleolimnology, physical/chemical parameters, and plankton communities. Historically, Ecuador\xe2\x80\x99s inland and Pacific waters were studied and described by European explorers, including Juan de Velasco, Alexander von Humboldt, and Charles Darwin. In modern times, other Europeans followed Colinvaux and Steinitz-Kannan. In the 1990s, Dean Jacobsen extended limnologic studies to Ecuadorian stream ecology, focusing on macroinvertebrates from streams covering wide environmental gradients. In the 2000s, G\xc3\xbcnter Gunkel intensively studied several Andean lakes in northern Ecuador. In the 2010s, Willem Van Colen and Ecuadorian colleagues continued limnologic research in Andean lakes located in Azuay and Imbabura provinces. The Instituto Ant\xc3\xa1rctico Ecuatoriano has, and continues to, conduct limnological research in Ecuador\xe2\x80\x99s Antarctic territory on Greenwich Island. Going forward, Ecuadorian universities are training their students to take the research initiative, inspiring a limnologic renaissance at a critical time when the country\xe2\x80\x99s water resources are increasingly threatened by climate change and human impacts.'

'There is now considerable evidence for disruption of plant-pollinator mutualisms in fragmented landscapes. The causes can be myriad, and vary from lack of nesting sites for key insect pollinators, to a decline in pollinator visits when plant population sizes are reduced by fragmentation. One important and well-documented consequence of disruption in pollination systems is reduced seed production in plant populations in fragments as a result of pollen-limitation. When reduced seed production, in turn, has a negative effect on seedling recruitment, populations may enter a spiral towards extinction. Some pollination systems, on the other hand, are surprisingly resilient to anthropogenic changes, and pollen flow between trees in fragments separated by several kilometres has been reported recently. Understanding how reproductive attributes of plants, such as breeding systems and specificity of pollination systems, affect the outcome of habitat fragmentation remains a key challenge.'

'Many mechanisms have been proposed to explain broad scale spatial patterns in species richness. In this paper, we evaluate five explanations for geographic gradients in species richness, using South American owls as a model. We compared the explanatory power of contemporary climate, landcover diversity, spatial climatic heterogeneity, evolutionary history, and area. An important aspect of our analyses is that very different hypotheses, such as history and area, can be quantified at the same observation scale and, consequently can be incorporated into a single analytical framework. Both area effects and owl phylogenetic history were poorly associated with richness, whereas contemporary climate, climatic heterogeneity at the mesoscale and landcover diversity explained ca. 53% of the variation in species richness. We conclude that both climate and environmental heterogeneity should be retained as plausible explanations for the diversity gradient. Turnover rates and scaling effects, on the other hand, although perhaps useful for detecting faunal changes and beta diversity at local and regional scales, are not strong explanations for the owl diversity gradient.'

'Evidence of checkerboard patterns of species\xe2\x80\x99 distribution in avian mixed-species flocks suggest that competition is one of the forces shaping the composition and structure of these associations. However, evidence of competition among flock species comes from studies performed in well-preserved regions and no study has reported the interactions between invasive and native flocking species in human-modified landscapes. Such studies are important because evidence show that avian social systems such as mixed-species flocks suffer several negative impacts of habitat fragmentation. In this study, it is shown that an invasive woodcreeper (Lepidocolaptes angustirostris) from open areas of central and western South America is: 1) expanding its range into that of a native Atlantic Forest woodcreeper (L. squamatus); 2) using the same forest fragments in which the native woodcreeper occurs; 3) regularly joining Atlantic Forest mixed-species flocks that contain the native woodcreeper; 4) overlapping in foraging height with the native woodcreeper during flocking; and 5) engaging in aggressive encounters and excluding the native woodcreeper from flocks. We suggest that this aggressive behavior is a consequence of the overlap in foraging height between the invasive and native species in their original habitats and that their contact has so recently been established. This study suggests that competitive interactions mediated by aggressive behaviors of invasive species may have a negative impact on the fitness of native mixed-species flock species in a fragmented landscape.'

'During a surveillance programme on avian influenza in wild birds in the east of Colombia, 42\xc2\xa0% of examined wild black-bellied whistling ducks (Dendrocygna autumnalis) were infected with undescribed Haemoproteus sp., which macrogametocytes possess one or several huge (2.5\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm in largest diameter) conspicuous roundish vacuoles, a unique character of avian haemoproteids. This parasite is named Haemoproteus (Parahaemoproteus) macrovacuolatus and described here using data on the morphology of its gametocytes, host cells and sequences of the complete mitochondrial genome and cytochrome b fragments. Illustrations of blood stages of the new species and DNA sequence information are provided. The phylogenetic analysis identified a closely related lineage C033, reported in South Asian ducks belonging to Dendrocygna. We also found that all Haemoproteus lineages from Passeriformes conformed a monophyletic group. Whereas we cannot exclude that this pattern could be an artefact of the limited taxonomic sampling in non-passeriform birds, thus this finding is worthy of attention. This study adds to our knowledge of the phylogenetic relationships among species of avian haemoproteids and describes a new haemoparasite in a non-passerine host.'

'Protected areas are crucial for Amazonian nature conservation. Many Amazonian reserves have been selected systematically to achieve biodiversity representativeness. We review the role natural-scientific understanding has played in reserve selection, and evaluate the theoretical potential of the existing reserves to cover a complete sample of the species diversity of the Amazonian rainforest biome. In total, 108 reserves (604,832\xc2\xa0km2) are treated as strictly protected and Amazonian; 87 of these can be seen as systematically selected to sample species diversity (75.3% of total area). Because direct knowledge on all species distributions is unavailable, surrogates have been used to select reserves: direct information on some species distributions (15 reserves, 14.8% of total area); species distribution patterns predicted on the basis of conceptual models, mainly the Pleistocene refuge hypothesis, (5/10.3%); environmental units (46/27.3%); or a combination of distribution patterns and environmental units (21/22.9%). None of these surrogates are reliable: direct information on species distributions is inadequate; the Pleistocene refuge hypothesis is highly controversial; and environmental classifications do not capture all relevant ecological variation, and their relevance for species distribution patterns is undocumented. Hence, Amazonian reserves cannot be safely assumed to capture all Amazonian species. To improve the situation, transparency and an active dialogue with the scientific community should be integral to conservation planning. We suggest that the best currently available approach for sampling Amazonian species diversity in reserve selection is to simultaneously inventory indicator plant species and climatic and geological conditions, and to combine field studies with remote sensing.'

'Recognition of the significance of the boundary between ecological systems, often referred to as the ecotone, has a long history in the ecological sciences and in zoonotic disease research. More recent research in landscape ecology has produced an expanded view of ecotones and elaboration of their characteristics and functions in ecosystems. Parallel research on emerging infectious diseases (EIDs) and the causes of increased rates of pathogen transmission, spread, and adaptation suggests a correspondence between ecotonal processes and the ecological and evolutionary processes responsible for zoonotic and vector-borne emerging infections. A review of the literature suggests that ecotones play a role in a number of the most important EIDs. Yet these are the only diseases for which specific landscape ecological information exists in the literature or disease reports. However, the similar disease ecologies of these with about half of the approximately 130 zoonotic EIDs suggests ecotones, particularly their anthropogenic origination or modification, may be generally associated with ecotones and the global trend of increasing EIDs.'

'Variations in the orientation behavior of Woodpecker nests can be due to environmental factors such as latitude as well as local climate conditions. In this study, the orientations of dot-fronted Woodpecker nesting cavities (Veniliornis frontalis, Picidae) were examined at a subtropical site in Northwestern Argentina. It was evaluated whether solar radiation influences the mean orientation of cavities well covered by vegetation and cavities with less or non-external vegetal protection. Results obtained in this work provide that both covered and uncovered nests orient in a defined way towards the North and the Northwest, respectively, finding mean differences between both types of vegetation cover. These results indicate that, being exposed to the North (protected cavities) they get more solar radiation during the day to reduce the humidity of cavities\xe2\x80\x99 microhabitat, due to the intense rainfall; and Northwest (unprotected cavities); to increase the temperature within the cavity due to the low night temperatures and humid climate. This study highlights the importance of studying the vegetation over the nests (protection) together with the local climatic conditions, given that they are important determinants for bird nest orientation.'

'\nBurmeistera, Centropogon, and Siphocampylus together comprise more than 500 species endemic to the Neotropics, Current knowledge of these genera is unsatisfactory, with much diversity yet to be described. Over the past seven years, one out of every 28 specimens received for identification has represented a new species, many characterized by unique or unusual character states. Siphocampylus smilax (Bolivia) is unique in the genus in its parallelodromous leaf venation and extra-floral nectaries. Centropogon dianae (Peru) cannot be accommodated in any recognized infrageneric taxon, and a new section, Centropogon sect. Niveopsis, is proposed for it. The flowers of C. steinii (Ecuador) are the smallest known in the genus, while C. connatilobatus (Venezuela) is the first species to combine arbusculiform pubescence and connate calyx lobes. Burmeistera venezuelensis is only the second species of the genus known to occur in Venezuela and the first to be endemic; similarly, Centropogon wilburii is only the third species of Centropogon known from Mexico and the first to be endemic to that country. Additional novelties are also described.'

'Despite the importance of neotropical cloud forests as providers of ecosystem services to society, they are one of the most threatened ecosystems in the world. We analysed the importance of three cloud forest reserves in central Colombia as providers of ecosystem services, as well as the social support to conservation actions in these ecosystems through willingness to pay (WTP) and willingness to give up time (WTT) estimates. Our results highlight the high commitment of all users of the cloud forest areas towards the conservation of the ecosystem services provided by these strategic ecosystems. We found that the most important perceived ecosystem services were water supply and habitat maintenance for species. Our findings also suggest that the respondents\xe2\x80\x99 ecological knowledge (measured as the awareness of the ecosystem services supplied by cloud forests) was an important factor in determining both WTP and WTT for conserving cloud forests. Moreover, our results indicate that WTT should be a viable technique to explore individual preferences of different stakeholders towards conservation activities in cloud forests. Based on our results, we propose a conservation strategy of cloud forests that considers different users\xe2\x80\x99 socio-economic and environmental characteristics, in which both experimental and experiential knowledge should be incorporated in order to promote collective action.'

'Different existing concepts for the classification of Amazonian waterbodies are discussed. An additional approach is suggested to characterize aquatic habitats, based on hydrological and morphological parameters. The state of knowledge about the frequency, distribution and ecology of aquatic habitats is discussed. Human impacts on aquatic habitats in Amazonia and their vulnerability to them are evaluated.'

Abstract not available

'A survey has been made of the literature pertaining to temperature regulation in the lower mammals.The following scheme represent a tentative outline of one probable evolutionary sequence of homeothermy: the first successful efforts to maintain a fairly uniform level of body temperature began on the psycho-physiological or behavioural level. The first directly physiological factor in the maintenance of homeothermy seems to have been a capacity for variation in metabolic heat production.The monotremes provides an example of a temperature regulation based solely on behaviour patterns and variation in heat production. The next factor to appear in the gradual development of refined homeothermy has been the regulation of physical heat exchange. A gradual improvement of such function is discernible along the phylum also correlated with increased thermal stress imposed by the environment. Regulation of physical heat exchange is first generally apparent in the marsupial order. The thermostatic arrangements responsible for efficient body temperature regulation have been developed gradually becoming increasingly complex and accurate. It is discussed how an efficient central nervous thermostatic control seems to have been the last factor developed to perfection in homeothermy.'

"Major mountain environments of the world are delineated and all their protected areas (MTNPA) are listed by IUCN categories. MTNPA are those places subjected to nature conservation such as national parks and nature reserves. A total of 442 IUCN Category I\xe2\x80\x93IV areas with a minimal size of 10,000 ha and a minimal relief of 500 m are listed. These MTNPA constitute 42 percent of the world's area devoted to nature conservation. Summaries of the mountain protected areas in each biogeographical realm are given, sites of international importance are identified and observations are made on lacunae. The review concludes with six recommendations for more and better managed mountain parks and reserves."

Abstract not available

'\nPart I Orchid seeds are nearly microscopic in size. Because of that, many fanciful theories were proposed for the origin of orchids. Almost 400\xc2\xa0years separate the time when orchid seeds were seen for the first time and the development of a practical asymbiotic method for their germination. The seeds were first observed and drawn during the sixteenth century. Seedlings were first described and illustrated in 1804. The association between orchid and fungi was observed as early as 1824, while the requirement for mycorrhiza for seed germination was established in 1899. An asymbiotic method for orchid seed germination was developed in 1921. After Knudson\xe2\x80\x99s media B and C were formulated, orchids growing and hybridization became widespread. Hybrids which early growers may not have even imagined became possible.\nPart II A commonly held view is that Prof. Georges Morel is the sole discoverer of orchid micropropagation and that he was the first to culture an orchid shoot tip in 1960. In fact, the first in vitro orchid propagation was carried out by Dr. Gavino Rotor in 1949. Hans Thomale was the first to culture an orchid shoot tip in 1956. The methods used by Morel to culture his shoot tips were developed by others many years before he adapted them to orchids. This review also traces the history of several techniques, additives, and peculiarities (agitated liquid cultures, coconut water, banana pulp, a patent and what appears to be an empty claim) which are associated with orchid micropropagation. A summary of plant hormone history is also outlined because micropropagation could not have been developed without phytohormones.'

'The sixth BMC Ecology Image Competition received more than 145 photographs from talented ecologists around the world, showcasing the amazing biodiversity, natural beauty and biological interactions found in nature. In this editorial, we showcase the winning images, as selected by our guest judge, Professor Zhigang Jiang from the Institute of Zoology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, with help from the journal\xe2\x80\x99s editorial board. Enjoy!'

'The study of land bridge based on continental drift and long-distance dispersal are gaining increasing attention in biogeography. We review several major dispersal theories including the Malpigiacea route, patterns of chameleon dispersal and the floating island model. The Malpigiaceae route indicates that the Malpigiaceae family originated in northern South America and that members of several clades migrated into North America and subsequently moved via north Atlantic land connections into the Old World starting in the Eocene. This route may also explain many other pantropic disjunction patterns, including some Chinese plants disjunctions, involving South America. Not all biogeographical distribution patterns can be explained by vicariance theory, so more research, including chameleon distribution, has recently focused on long-distance dispersal. The latest analyses suggest that chameleons have dispersed over long-distances from Madagascar on several occasions. The floating island model would explain flora and fauna similarities between South America and Africa. Studying long-distance dispersal mechanisms is important for understanding distribution patterns and even the spread of pandemics. More research on the specific implications of long-distance dispersal for biogeography is necessary.'

'Three age-sex classes of rufous hummingbirds (Selasphorus rufus) overlap temporally and defend feeding territories during migratory stopovers in the Sierra Nevada of California. We demonstrate that these classes differ in their ability to secure and maintain high-quality feeding territories for refueling, and that these differences result in differences in resource use. Data on acquisition of territories, territory characteristics, and responses of territory owners to intruders suggest that several mechanisms are involved in determining dominance, involving sex- and age-related differences in wing disc loading, coloration, and experience. We discuss the implications of these results for understanding intraspecific variation in migration strategies.'

'Species-area data from a study of marsh birds are used to test five predictions generated by the equilibrium theory of island biogeography. Three predictions are supported: we found a significant species-area relationship, a non-zero level of turnover, and a variance-mean ratio of 0.5. One prediction is rejected: the extinction rates were not greater on small islands. The results of one test are equivocal: the number of species on each island was not always the same. As Gilbert (1980) suggests, a strong species-area relationship alone does not validate the theory. The avian communities we studied were on habitat islands, not true islands, and underwent complete extinction annually. Thus caution must be used before applying the theory to these and other habitat islands.'

'Nomenclatural systems are structured around classification, and together they enable increasingly informed communication about biological diversity. Challengers of Linnaean classification and nomenclature have proposed the PhyloCode, a new set of rules that would govern the way systematists classify and name the diversity of life. Monographs and floras are two fundamental vehicles for communicating information about plant diversity. These works provide a comprehensive foundation of botanical research upon which other scientific studies are based. Information conveyed by monographs and floras is utilized directly or indirectly both within and outside the scientific arena by a wide range of consumers, such as educators, agronomists, ecologists, conservationists, amateur naturalists, and even lawmakers, to name a few. Both classification and nomenclature are essential to the process of synthesis that leads to monographic and floristic treatments and the communication that they facilitate. Conversion to a new system would have far-reaching consequences for the flow of information from systematics to other scientific disciplines, and to society. The purposes of this article are to address the proposed conversion from the perspective of monographic and floristic research focused on Neotropical plant diversity and to point out some difficulties in applying the PhyloCode to the Neotropical flora. Although we welcome improvements in the current nomenclatural system, we conclude that the PhyloCode is not prepared to replace the Linnaean system as a new way to communicate information about Neotropical plant diversity.'

'Knowing the potential distribution of species helps to focus conservation efforts more effectively, mainly when dealing with endangered species. The aim of this study was to generate potential distribution models for four species of small wild felids in Mexico (Leopardus pardalis, Leoparduswiedii, Lynx rufus and Puma yagouaroundi). The models were generated based on felids presence records, and topographic, anthropic and vegetation drivers. We used 473 records (171 for L. pardalis, 140 for L. wiedii, 86 for L. rufus and 76 for P. yagouaroundi) to build eleven models per species to then select the three with the best performance and included them in ensemble models. These were based on the formula of the weighted average, which considers the performance of the algorithms evaluated with a subsample of testing records, from which the area under the curve is calculated. In this way, in the ensemble model the consistent zones between algorithms are included, but the one with the best performance predominates. The species with the largest potential distribution area was L. pardalis with 34.3% of the national territory, while L. rufus had the smallest area (14.3%). In the four species a unique set of variables was identified that influence the probability of presence, however the altitude, the arid vegetation and the population density were important variables for three of the four species. We verified our models with recently published presence records. The results of this study reflect a robust analysis of the current and potential distribution of four species of wild felids in Mexico. In addition to being the first step to develop effective conservation strategies at national and local levels.'

'Field studies in Amazonian Peru show that thePassiflora vitifolia complex, a microcosm of many larger taxa, is concentrated in Amazonia with 4 ecologically separated species. One species is restricted to seasonally inundated forests, a second to non-inundated white sand soils, a third to non-inundated lateritic soils, and the fourth mostly to non-inundated alluvial soils. A new combination is formally proposed to recognize the white sand taxon, previously regarded as a variety, as a distinct species:P. involucrata. The importance of \xce\xb2-diversity in maintaining high Amazonian species diversity is emphasized.'

'BackgroundTo understand speciation and the maintenance of taxa as separate entities, we need information about natural hybridization and gene flow among species.ResultsInterspecific hybrids occur regularly in Heliconius and Eueides (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) in the wild: 26\xe2\x80\x9329% of the species of Heliconiina are involved, depending on species concept employed. Hybridization is, however, rare on a per-individual basis. For one well-studied case of species hybridizing in parapatric contact (Heliconius erato and H. himera), phenotypically detectable hybrids form around 10% of the population, but for species in sympatry hybrids usually form less than 0.05% of individuals. There is a roughly exponential decline with genetic distance in the numbers of natural hybrids in collections, both between and within species, suggesting a simple "exponential failure law" of compatibility as found in some prokaryotes.ConclusionHybridization between species of Heliconius appears to be a natural phenomenon; there is no evidence that it has been enhanced by recent human habitat disturbance. In some well-studied cases, backcrossing occurs in the field and fertile backcrosses have been verified in insectaries, which indicates that introgression is likely, and recent molecular work shows that alleles at some but not all loci are exchanged between pairs of sympatric, hybridizing species. Molecular clock dating suggests that gene exchange may continue for more than 3 million years after speciation. In addition, one species, H. heurippa, appears to have formed as a result of hybrid speciation. Introgression may often contribute to adaptive evolution as well as sometimes to speciation itself, via hybrid speciation. Geographic races and species that coexist in sympatry therefore form part of a continuum in terms of hybridization rates or probability of gene flow. This finding concurs with the view that processes leading to speciation are continuous, rather than sudden, and that they are the same as those operating within species, rather than requiring special punctuated effects or complete allopatry. Although not qualitatively distinct from geographic races, nor "real" in terms of phylogenetic species concepts or the biological species concept, hybridizing species of Heliconius are stably distinct in sympatry, and remain useful groups for predicting morphological, ecological, behavioural and genetic characteristics.'

Abstract not available

'Current knowledge of effects of climate change on biodiversity is briefly reviewed, and results are presented of a survey of biological research groups in the Netherlands, aimed at identifying key research issues in this field. In many areas of the world, biodiversity is being reduced by humankind through changes in land cover and use, pollution, invasions of exotic species and possibly climate change. Assessing the impact of climate change on biodiversity is difficult, because changes occur slowly and effects of climate change interact with other stress factors already imposed on the environment. Research issues identified by Dutch scientists can be grouped into: (i) spatial and temporal distributions of taxa; (ii) migration and dispersal potentials of taxa; (iii) genetic diversity and viability of (meta) populations of species; (iv) physiological tolerance of species; (v) disturbance of functional interactions between species; and (vi) ecosystem processes. Additional research should be done on direct effects of greenhouse gases, and on interactions between effects of climate change and habitat fragmentation. There are still many gaps in our knowledge of effects of climate change on biodiversity. An interdisciplinary research programme could possibly focus only on one or few of the identified research issues, and should generate input data for predictive models based on climate change scenarios.'

'Mexican cloud forest vegetation has been recorded in temperate humidconditions at rather different elevations ranging from 600 to 3000m. They are characterised by high biodiversity under continuousfoggy situations. Some authors state that many genera are quantitativelyimportant to depict cloud forest conditions. Detailed quantitative studiescomprising most of the localities of Mexican cloud forests to depict altidudinaldistribution ranges on basis of preferential genera have not been previouslyconducted. The aim of this study is (1) to recognise characteristic preferentialgenera of Mexican cloud forest conditions, and (2) to determine quantitativelythe current altitudinal distribution pattern of this vegetation type. From adatabase composed by 995 genera inhabiting in the Mexican cloud forests, sixgenera were chosen preliminary as preferential characteristics. These wereClethra, Magnolia, Meliosma, Styrax, Symplocos, andTernstroemia. These genera include 70 species that occur atover 70% of the current Mexican cloud forest fragments. The mean elevation ofthese genera records were 1853 m (\xc2\xb1600 at 95% confidenceinterval). The results showed that Mexican cloud forests occur optimally between1250 and 2450 m. Additionally, Mexican cloud forest is the bestdistributed within some provinces of the \xe2\x80\x9cRegi\xc3\xb3n Mesoamericana deMonta\xc3\xb1a\xe2\x80\x9d, chiefly at \xe2\x80\x9cSerran\xc3\xadas Meridionales\xe2\x80\x9d,\xe2\x80\x9cSierra Madre Oriental\xe2\x80\x9d, and \xe2\x80\x9cSerran\xc3\xadasTrans\xc3\xadstmicas\xe2\x80\x9d. The results are discussed in light of theimportance of these regions as diversification centres.'

'Agricultural intensification drives biodiversity loss and is associated with bee declines. Bees are highly sensitive to environmental change, and while their diversity declines in simplified habitats distant from undisturbed areas, bees respond to agricultural practices and habitat configuration at different scales. Mountainous tropical agroecosystems are highly heterogeneous at local and landscape scales, and the responses of bee communities to environmental change in these regions are still underexplored. We examined the local and landscape habitat factors influencing bee abundance and diversity, and changes in bee generic and tribe composition in Anolaima, Colombia. We surveyed bees, measured local habitat features such as flower abundance, tree diversity, ground cover and vegetation structure, and evaluated land cover types and landscape characteristics in seventeen farms. We found that elevation, vertical structure of the vegetation and landscape structure influenced bee community structure. While local factors predicted the response of most individual bee groups, landscape factors influenced the abundance of Apis and Trigona, two genera with disproportionately high abundances across study sites. We also found that human constructions serve as refuges for several bee genera. Our paper suggests a process of biotic homogenization with the loss of bee diversity and concurrent spread of Apis and Trigona in landscapes dominated by pastures, unshaded crops or eroded soils. We also highlight the high sensitivity of native bees to habitat configuration and disturbance, and the importance of traditional farming systems for the conservation of bee communities in mountainous tropical agroecosystems.'

'In a pristine evergreen rainforest of Nothofagus betuloides, located at the Cordillera de los Andes in southern Chile (41\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb0S), concentrations and fluxes of nutrients in bulk precipitation, cloud water, throughfall water, stemflow water, soil infiltration and percolation water and runoff water were measured. The main objectives of this study were to investigate canopy\xe2\x80\x93soil\xe2\x80\x93atmosphere interactions and to calculate input\xe2\x80\x93output budgets. From May 1999 till April 2000, the experimental watershed received 8121\xe2\x80\x89mm water (86% incident precipitation, 14% cloud water), of which the canopy intercepted 16%. Runoff water volume amounted 9527\xe2\x80\x89mm. Bulk deposition of inorganic (DIN) and organic (DON) nitrogen amounted 3.6\xe2\x80\x89kg\xe2\x80\x89ha\xe2\x88\x921\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921 and 8.2\xe2\x80\x89kg\xe2\x80\x89ha\xe2\x88\x921\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921 respectively. Occult deposition (clouds\xe2\x80\x89+\xe2\x80\x89fog) contributes for 40% to the atmospheric nitrogen input (bulk\xe2\x80\x89+\xe2\x80\x89occult deposition) of the forest. An important part of the atmospheric ammonium deposition is retained within the canopy or converted to nitrate or organic nitrogen by epiphytic bacteria or lichens. Also the export of inorganic (0.9\xe2\x80\x89kg\xe2\x80\x89ha\xe2\x88\x921\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921) and organic (5.2\xe2\x80\x89kg\xe2\x80\x89ha\xe2\x88\x921\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921) nitrogen via runoff is lower than the input to the forest floor via throughfall and stemflow water (3.2\xe2\x80\x89kg\xe2\x80\x89DIN\xe2\x80\x89ha\xe2\x88\x921\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921 and 5.6\xe2\x80\x89kg\xe2\x80\x89DON\xe2\x80\x89ha\xe2\x88\x921\xe2\x80\x89year\xe2\x88\x921). The low concentrations of NO-3 and NH+4 under the rooting depth suggest an effective biological immobilization by vegetation and soil microflora. Dry deposition and foliar leaching of base cations (K+, Ca2+, Mg2+) was estimated using a canopy budget model. Bulk deposition accounted for about 50% of the total atmospheric input. Calculated dry and occult deposition are both of equal value (about 25%). Foliar leaching of K+, Ca2+, and Mg2+ accounted for 45%, 38% and 6% of throughfall deposition respectively. On an annual basis, the experimental watershed was a net source for Na+, Ca2+ and Mg2+.'

'The development pathway for tropical livestock production for many years in the twentieth century was to upgrade or replace indigenous stock with exotics of supposedly higher genetic merit. Early indications that this might not be the most appropriate approach were largely ignored. Later there was a reverse movement towards locally developed species and breeds. These were seen as pools of irreplaceable genetic material of unacknowledged merit and value that must not be lost but must be conserved for possible unknown unseen future use. This paper examines the use of various native species and breeds. It goes on to describe some attempts at the introduction of genetically engineered highly productive (at least in their areas of origin) stock. Examples of attempts to produce cross or synthetic breeds are then provided. In a last section the case for the right animal in the right place - and these may be unconventional species and breeds - is provided.'

'In a pristine evergreen rainforest of Nothofagus betuloides, located at the Cordillera de los Andes in southern Chile (41 \xc2\xb0S), concentrations and fluxes of nutrients in bulk precipitation, cloud water, throughfall water, stemflow water, soil infiltration and percolation water and runoff water were measured. The main objectives of this study were to investigate canopy-soil-atmosphere interactions and to calculate input-output budgets. From May 1999 till April 2000, the experimental watershed received 8121 mm water (86% incident precipitation, 14% cloud water), of which the canopy intercepted 16%. Runoff water volume amounted 9527 mm. Bulk deposition of inorganic (DIN) and organic (DON) nitrogen amounted 3.6 kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921 and 8.2 kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921 respectively. Occult deposition (clouds + fog) contributes for 40% to the atmospheric nitrogen input (bulk + occult deposition) of the forest. An important part of the atmospheric ammonium deposition is retained within the canopy or converted to nitrate or organic nitrogen by epiphytic bacteria or lichens. Also the export of inorganic (0.9 kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921) and organic (5.2 kg ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921) nitrogen via runoff is lower than the input to the forest floor via throughfall and stemflow water (3.2 kg DIN ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921 and 5.6 kg DON ha\xe2\x88\x921 year\xe2\x88\x921). The low concentrations of NO\n\xe2\x88\x923\n and NH\n+4\n under the rooting depth suggest an effective biological immobilization by vegetation and soil microflora. Dry deposition and foliar leaching of base cations (K+, Ca2+, Mg2+) was estimated using a canopy budget model. Bulk deposition accounted for about 50% of the total atmospheric input. Calculated dry and occult deposition are both of equal value (about 25%). Foliar leaching of K+, Ca2+, and Mg2+ accounted for 45%, 38% and 6% of throughfall deposition respectively. On an annual basis, the experimental watershed was a net source for Na+, Ca2+ and Mg2+.'

'Isolated-bout method to estimate the retention times and dispersal distances was applied to the seed dispersal by red howler monkeys (Alouatta seniculus) and Humboldt\xe2\x80\x99s woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha) in a lowland tropical forest at La Macarena, on the border of the Macarena and Tinigua National Parks, the Department of Meta, Colombia. Continuous observations were made on the feeding and ranging behavior of well-habituated troops of howler monkeys and woolly monkeys as well as continuous collection of monkeys\xe2\x80\x99 feces. We selected out the \xe2\x80\x98isolated-bout\xe2\x80\x99 as a feeding bout on the specific species that was only once recorded within 48 h before the seeds of that species appeared in the feces of monkeys. In that case, the seeds were strongly suggested to come from that isolated bout. Then retention times, route seed dispersal distances and direct seed dispersal distances were estimated. Howler monkeys, which are regarded as generalist herbivores, showed longer retention times and dispersal distances along monkeys\xe2\x80\x99 route than did woolly monkeys, which are specialist frugivores. However, the direct distances that seeds were carried from the mother tree were not significantly greater for howler monkeys than for woolly monkeys. This shows that both retention time and movement patterns by the monkeys, especially the total ranging area, influence the direct distance that seeds are carried from the mother tree.'

'Geologic events promoting the aridization of southern South America contributed to lineage divergences and species differentiation through geographic (allopatric divergence) and biotic and abiotic factors (ecological divergence). For the genus Anarthrophyllum, which is distributed in arid and semi-arid regions of Patagonia, we assessed how these factors affected species diversification and reconstructed its possible biogeographic history in South American arid environments. Sequences were obtained from two molecular markers: the ITS nuclear region and the trnS-trnG plastid region. Using Parsimony, Maximum likelihood and Bayesian inference individual gene trees were reconstructed, and a species tree was obtained using multi-species coalescent analysis. Divergence times among species were estimated using secondary calibrations. Flexible Bayesian models and stochastic character mapping were used to elucidate ancestral geographic distributions and the evolution of the floral and vegetative phenotypes in the genus. Gene trees and species tree analyses strongly support Anarthrophyllum as monophyletic; all analyses consistently retrieved three well-supported main clades: High Andean Clade, Patagonian Clade 1, and Patagonian Clade 2. Main diversification events occurred concomitant with the Andean uplift and steppe aridization; the Andean mountain range possibly acted as a species barrier for the High Andean Clade. Vegetative traits showed adaptations to harsh climates in some clades, while pollinator-related floral features were associated with independent diversification in bee- and bird-pollinated clades within both Patagonian Clades. In conclusion, evolutionary and biogeographic history of Anarthrophyllum resulted from the action of ecological, historical, and geographic factors that acted either alternatively or simultaneously.'

"Desertification can be a particularly visible consequence of climatic change. While considerable research has been devoted to terrestrial desertification in recent years, it is in the sea that biological deserts comprise 90% of the total area. Productive ocean \xe2\x80\x98oases\xe2\x80\x99 or coastal upwelling areas comprise less than .1% of the total ocean area but yield up to half the world's fish catch. Since these high productivity zones occur near coastal margins they are closest to man's pollution and his tools for species decimation.In this paper we examine the notion of biological deserts in the sea and assess the limitation of the ocean as a biological resource. Since climatic conditions favorable for above average ocean productivity are often conducive to the creation of coastal deserts, the connections between ocean and atmosphere in these regions are examined. Finally, the impacts of natural climatic and biological variability, marine pollution, and over-fishing on the process of biological desertification in the sea are explored."

'Kangaroo apples, subgenus Archaesolanum, are a unique and still poorly known group within the genus Solanum. Here we aimed to reveal phylogeny, historical biogeography and age of diversification of Archaesolanum. We sampled all recognized species of the group and sequenced three chloroplast regions, the trnT-trnL spacer, trnL intron and trnL-trnF spacer to calibrate a molecular clock to estimate the age of the group. Distributional data were combined with the results of phylogenetic analysis to track the historical processes responsible for the current range of the group. Our analysis supported the monophyly of the kangaroo apples and the biogeographical disjunction between the two subclades within the group. Based on the divergence time estimates the most recent common ancestor of kangaroo apples is from the late Miocene age (~9\xc2\xa0MYA). Based on the age estimate the common ancestors of the kangaroo apples are presumed to have arrived in Australia by long-distance dispersal. The two distinct lineages within the group have separated during the aridification of the continent and further speciated in the brief resurgence of rainforests during the Pliocene.'

'We carried out an avifaunal inventory of the Gurupi Biological Reserve, Maranhao, municipalities of Bom Jardim and Centro Novo do Maranhao, between December 2009 and December 2013. The main objective was to estimate species richness and identify endemic species. A further objective was to identify vulnerable and endangered species to provide information for the development of conservation strategies. Data were collected using mist-netting and MacKinnon lists, as well as nonsystematic observations. A total of 424 species were recorded from 64 families; 18 of which considered endemic taxa. Seven are threatened nationally: Psophia obscura, Guaruba guarouba, Pyrrhura lepida lepida, Pteroglossus bitorquatus bitorquatus, Phlegopsis nigromaculata paraensis, Dendrocincla merula badia, and Dendrocolaptes medius. In addition to these, another eight are threatened internationally (IUCN 2014): Tinamus tao, Penelope pileata, Lophornis gouldii, Pyrrhura amazonum, Touit huetii, Pionites leucogaster, Pyrilia vulturina and Lepidothrix iris. Survey results underscore the extreme importance of the Gurupi Biological Reserve as a strategic site for the conservation and maintenance of endemic and endangered species of the Belem Center of Endemism in Brazilian Amazonia.'

'BackgroundThe Neotropics are exceptionally diverse, containing roughly one third of all extant bird species on Earth. This remarkable species richness is thought to be a consequence of processes associated with both Andean orogenesis throughout the Tertiary, and climatic fluctuations during the Quaternary. Phylogeographic studies allow insights into how such events might have influenced evolutionary trajectories of species and ultimately contribute to a better understanding of speciation. Studies on continentally distributed species are of particular interest because different populations of such taxa may show genetic signatures of events that impacted the continent-wide biota. Here we evaluate the genealogical history of one of the world\xe2\x80\x99s most broadly-distributed and polytypic passerines, the rufous-collared sparrow (Zonotrichia capensis).ResultsWe obtained control region DNA sequences from 92 Zonotrichia capensis individuals sampled across the species\xe2\x80\x99 range (Central and South America). Six additional molecular markers, both nuclear and mitochondrial, were sequenced for a subset of individuals with divergent control region haplotypes. Median-joining network analysis, and Bayesian and maximum parsimony phylogenetic analyses all recovered three lineages: one spanning Middle America, the Dominican Republic, and north-western South America; one encompassing the Dominican Republic, Roraima (Venezuela) and La Paz (Bolivia) south to Tierra del Fuego, Argentina; and a third, including eastern Argentina and Brazil. Phylogenetic analyses suggest that the Middle American/north-western South American clade is sister to the remaining two. Bayesian and maximum likelihood coalescent simulations used to study lineage demographic history, diversification times, migration rates and population expansion together suggested that diversification of the three lineages occurred rapidly during the Pleistocene, with negligible gene flow, leaving genetic signatures of population expansions.ConclusionsThe Pleistocene history of the rufous-collared sparrow involved extensive range expansion from a probable Central American origin. Its remarkable morphological and behavioral diversity probably represents recent responses to local conditions overlying deeper patterns of lineage diversity, which are themselves produced by isolation and the history of colonization of South America.'

'The contribution of throughfall and stemflow as pathways for solute inputs into the forest floor in four mature forests in northwest Amazonia was investigated. Total solute inputs, resulting from the changes of atmospheric deposition after rainfall passes through the forest canopy, are presented in the form of throughfall and stemflow nutrient inputs and their possible sources are discussed. Throughfall is by far the most important solute input into the forest floor of the forests studied. On average, it represents about 98% of the total solute inputs. Although trends in solute enrichment varied among the forests, there is a general tendency in all ecosystems towards a distinct enrichment of SO4, K, Cl, NO3 and NH4 in throughfall and stemflow and a small increase of protons, Mn, orthoP and Fe. When comparing the net enrichment between the forests, the relative increase of solutes in throughfall and stemflow was higher in the flood plain and low terrace than in the high terrace and sedimentary plain forests. While highest values for total cation inputs were observed in the flood plain, the low terrace showed the highest value for total inorganic anions. The length of the antecedent dry period was the main factor affecting throughfall and stemflow composition, concentrations increasing with increasing length. A second, less important factor was the amount of throughfall and stemflow, which showed a poor and negative correlation with solute concentrations. The increased activity of frugivores in the canopy during fruiting periods seemed to lead to temporary increased solute concentrations in throughfall and stemflow as a result of the wash off of deposited faecal materials and detritus in the canopy. Leaching from leaves and wash off of exudes, of solutes deposited on the foliage after evaporation of intercepted rainfall and of dry deposited materials were all found to contribute to the concentration of solutes in the throughfall and stemflow. Gross rainfall enrichment after passing the forest canopy, mainly by nutrient leaching, is considerably lower than the amounts of nutrients released in litterfall implying a tight nutrient cycling and nutrient conserving mechanisms by forests studied.'

"Earth's biodiversity is being overtaken by a mass extinction which, if allowed to proceed unchecked, could well eliminate between one quarter and one half of all species. Our conservation responses must be science-based if we are to address the problem in its full scope and with most productive use of conservation resources. Yet our scientific understanding of the impending mass extinction is inadequate in many salient respects. We have only a rudimentary grasp of the number of species at risk, of biodiversity depletion processes, of island biogeography in practice, and of evolutionary consequences, to cite but a few leading questions. The same applies to the issue of the most efficient strategies to confront the conservation challenge. Worse, there is scant evidence (due in part to gross lack of funding) of a comprehensive and coordinated campaign to mount a research effort of scope to match the problem. The paper broaches ten key questions that warrant urgent attention."

'Land use change, notably the conversion of natural habitats into agriculture, has strong negative effects on wild animal populations. Effects of disturbance and seasonality on demographic parameters of the damselfly Mesamphiagrion laterale Selys, 1876 were assessed to investigate how individual survival probability and over population size changed according to season and anthropogenic disturbance (agricultural habitat vs. forested habitat). For each habitat type, forest cover, area covered by vegetation, percentage of macrophytes and water physicochemical attributes were measured. Likewise, population parameters such as sex ratio, population size, life expectancy, survival and recapture rates were estimated using Cormark-Jolly-Seber (CJ-S) models. Life expectancy of the total population was lower during the rainy season, while population size and survival in males were lower in agricultural habitats during this same season. Human activities related to agriculture and livestock production in the Colombian Andes threaten the long-term viability of odonate populations through degradation of aquatic habitats. Contrary to our initially proposed hypotheses, these effects were more intense for males due to their closer association with riparian vegetation and thus greater exposure to aquatic pollutants.'

'BackgroundWorldwide, the number of wild and domesticated food species is declining, which endangers dietary diversity of particularly indigenous people. Unfortunately, eating culture and traditional knowledge is also hampered when food species are no longer available.MethodsThis study reports the food biodiversity in Guasaganda, Central Ecuador, using a combination of methods aiming to inform local initiatives.Results and discussionThe number of species includes 49 wild, 41 cultivated, and 28 semi-cultivated plants and 13 wild, 9 domesticated, and 1 semi-domesticated animal species. Although, Guasaganda is a hot spot of plant and animal diversity, a limited number of plant (3.00 SD 1.45) and animal species (2.37 SD 1.44) are available at the farm.ConclusionIncreasing the number of edible species in the food system is imperative for dietary diversity. Further research should document the consumption of the reported foods, and the nutrient and biochemical content to assess nutrient adequacy of the diet.'

'Tropical peat swamp forests (PSF) are characterized by high quantities of carbon (C) stored as organic soil deposits due to waterlogged conditions which slows down decomposition. Globally, Peru has one of the largest expanse of tropical peatlands, located primarily within the Pastaza-Mara\xc3\xb1\xc3\xb3n river basin in the Northwestern Peru. Peatland forests in Peru are dominated by a palm species\xe2\x80\x94Mauritia flexuosa, and M. flexuosa-dominated forests cover ~\xe2\x80\x8980% of total peatland area and store ~\xe2\x80\x892.3\xc2\xa0Pg C. However, hydrologic alterations, land cover change, and anthropogenic disturbances could lead to PSF\xe2\x80\x99s degradation and loss of valuable ecosystem services. Therefore, evaluation of degradation impacts on PSF\xe2\x80\x99s structure, biomass, and overall C stocks could provide an estimate of potential C losses into the atmosphere as greenhouse gases (GHG) emissions. This study was carried out in three regions within Pastaza-Mara\xc3\xb1\xc3\xb3n river basin to quantify PSF\xe2\x80\x99s floristic composition and degradation status and total ecosystem C stocks. There was a tremendous range in C stocks (Mg C\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921) in various ecosystem pools\xe2\x80\x94vegetation (45.6\xe2\x80\x93122.5), down woody debris (2.1\xe2\x80\x9323.1), litter (2.3\xe2\x80\x937.8), and soil (top 1\xc2\xa0m; 109\xe2\x80\x93594). Mean ecosystem C stocks accounting for the top 1\xc2\xa0m soil were 400, 570, and 330\xc2\xa0Mg C\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 in Itaya, Tigre, and Samiria river basins, respectively. Considering the entire soil depth, mean ecosystem C stocks were 670, 1160, and 330\xc2\xa0Mg C\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 in Itaya, Tigre, and Samiria river basins, respectively. Floristic composition and calcium to Magnesium (Ca/Mg) ratio of soil profile offered evidence of a site undergoing vegetational succession and transitioning from minerotrophic to ombrotrophic system. Degradation ranged from low to high levels of disturbance with no significant difference between regions. Increased degradation tended to decrease vegetation and forest floor C stocks and was significantly correlated to reduced M. flexuosa biomass C stocks. Long-term studies are needed to understand the linkages between M. flexuosa harvest and palm swamp forest C stocks; however, river dynamics are important natural drivers influencing forest succession and transition in this landscape.'

'No matter what humans do, their levels of metabolic activity are linked to the climatic conditions of the land surface. On the one hand, the productivity of the terrestrial biosphere provides the source of chemical free energy to drive human metabolic activity. On the other hand, human metabolic activity results in the generation of heat within the body. The release of that heat to the surrounding environment is potentially constrained by the climatic conditions at the land surface. Both of these factors are intimately linked to climate: Climatic constraints act upon the productivity of the terrestrial biosphere and thereby the source of free energy, and the climatic conditions near the surface constrain the loss of heat from the human body to its surrounding environment. These two constraints are associated with a fundamental trade-off, which should result in a distinct maximum in possible levels of human metabolic activity for certain climatic conditions. For present-day conditions, tropical regions are highly productive and provide a high supply rate of free energy. But the tropics are also generally warm and humid, resulting in a low ability to loose heat, especially during daylight. Contrary, polar regions are much less productive, but allow for much higher levels of heat loss to the environment. This trade-off should therefore result in an optimum latitude (and altitude) at which the climatic environment allows humans to be metabolically most active and perform maximum levels of physical work. Both of these constraints are affected by the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide pCO\n2, but in contrary ways, so that I further hypothesize that an optimum concentration of pCO\n2 exists and that the optimum latitude shifts with pCO\n2. I evaluate these three hypotheses with model simulations of an Earth system model of intermediate complexity which includes expressions for the two constraints on maximum possible levels of human metabolic activity. This model is used to perform model simulations for the present-day and sensitivity experiments to different levels of pCO\n2. The model simulations support the three hypotheses and quantify the conditions under which these apply. Although the quantification of these constraints on human metabolic activity is grossly simplified in the approach taken here, the predictions following from this approach are consistent with the geographic locations of where higher civilizations first emerged. Applied to past climatic changes, this perspective can explain why major evolutionary events in human evolutionary history took place at times of global cooling. I conclude that the quantification of these constraints on human metabolic activity is a meaningful and quantitative measure of the \xe2\x80\x9chuman habitability\xe2\x80\x9d of the Earth\xe2\x80\x99s climate. When anthropogenic climate change is viewed from this perspective, an important implication is that global warming is likely to lead to environmental conditions less suitable for human metabolic activity in their natural environment (and for large mammals in general) due to a lower ability to loose heat.'

'Geodiversity, (diversity of the geosphere) incorporates many of the environmental patterns and processes that are considered drivers of biodiversity. Components of geodiversity (climate, topography, geology and hydrology) can be considered in terms of their resource giving potential, where resources are taken as energy, water, space and nutrients. The total amount of these resources, along with their spatial and temporal variation, is herein proposed as a compound index of geodiversity that has the potential to model broad scale biodiversity patterns. This paper outlines potential datasets that could be used to represent geodiversity, and then reviews the theoretical links between each element of the proposed compound index of geodiversity (overall resource availability, temporal variation and spatial variation in those resources) and broad-scale patterns of biodiversity. Support for the influence of each of the elements of geodiversity on overall biodiversity patterns was found in the literature, although the majority of relevant research focuses on resource availability, particularly available energy. The links between temporal and spatial variation in resources and biodiversity have been less thoroughly investigated in the literature. For the most part, it was reported that overall resource availability, temporal variation and spatial variation in those resources do not act in isolation in terms of controlling biodiversity. Overall there are sufficient datasets to calculate the proposed compound index of geodiversity, and evidence in the literature for links between the geographical distribution of biodiversity and each of the elements of the compound index defined. Since data for measuring geodiversity is more spatially consistent and widely available (thanks to satellite remote sensing) geodiversity has potential as a conservation planning tool, especially where biological data are not available or sparsely distributed.'

'In the Ecuadorian cloud forest, males of the parasitoid braconid wasp Napo townsendi Shaw displayed facultative lekking, appearing both singly and in groups of 2\xe2\x80\x937 on the leaf tops of various plant species. To attract females, they constantly employed a stereotypical, spread-winged calling behaviour, apparently releasing a sex pheromone combed from the lateral metasomal exocrine glands and applied to the wings and hind legs. Aggregated males used the same posture in conspecific agonistic displays, often leading to physical fighting. While female wasps were attracted to and mated with displaying singletons, they also made a choice among aggregated males. When females approached, males vibrated their wings in a brief courtship and mounted. Details of copulation behaviour, which lasted on an average of 3\xe2\x80\x934 min, are described. Without apparent physical weaponry, the displaying wasps successfully warded off attacks from an assortment of predatory arthropods, particularly salticid spiders. We present case studies of repeated unsuccessful predation attempts by salticids. Here, we postulate that calling and release of sex pheromone may double as both an intrasexual agonistic display and an aposematic advisory to predators that the wasps employ a chemical defence.'

'This article explores and explains deforestation of the Brazilian Amazon rainforest. It primarily takes a green criminological perspective and looks at the harm that is inflicted on many of the Amazon\xe2\x80\x99s inhabitants, including indigenous populations such as \xe2\x80\x98uncontacted\xe2\x80\x99 tribes of hunters-gatherers, the oldest human societies. The green criminological perspective also implies that the definition of victimisation is being enlarged: not only (future) humans, but also non-humans can be considered victims. Being the most biodiverse place on the planet, deforestation of the Amazon leads to threats and extinctions of animal and plant species. The main causes of deforestation in the Amazon are land conversion for agriculture (mainly cattle, also soy), practices that are mostly illegal. As the products of the (illegally) deforested rainforest in the Brazilian Amazon are mainly for export markets, western societies with large ecological footprints could be held responsible for deforestation of the Amazon.'

"Changes in terrestrial vascular plant diversity along a successional gradient were studied in a Costa Rican upper montane Quercus forest. In 1991 and 1992 species presence and cover were recorded in 12 successional 0.1 ha forest plots. A total of 176 species in 122 genera and 75 families were found. Asteraceae was the most speciose family. With the help of TWINSPAN three successional phases were classified: (i) Early Secondary Forest (ESF, 145 spp.), (ii) Late Secondary Forest (LSF, 130 spp.) and (iii) Primary Forest (PF, 96 spp.). Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA) species ordination using DECORANA illustrates that different ecological species groups can be distinguished along the time sequence. Alpha diversity (Shannon-Wiener index, among others) in ESF and LSF was significantly greater than in PF. This is probably explained by downslope migration of numerous sub(alpine) species to cleared and recently abandoned montane sites. Beta diversity applying S\xc3\xb8rensen's similarity coefficients declined during succession. Using linear regression, the minimum time required for floristic recovery following disturbance and abandonment was calculated at 65.9 years. A comparison with other studies shows that secondary forests in upper montane Costa Rica can be as diverse as in neotropical lowlands."

'Demographic change is supposed to be the most important indirect driver for changing biodiversity. In this article, a systematic review of 148 studies was conducted to examine the scientific evidence for this relationship and to identify potential gaps in research. We explored the spatial distribution of studies, the categories addressed with respect to biodiversity and demographic change, and the ways in which their relationships were conceptualised (spatially and temporally) and valued. The majority of studies were carried out in Africa, Europe and North America. Our analysis confirms the trend that demographic phenomena were mostly found to negatively influence biodiversity. However, a considerable number of studies also point towards impacts that were context dependent, either positive or negative under certain circumstances. In addition to that we identified significant gaps in research. In particular, there is a lack of addressing (1) other demographic aspects such as population decline, age structure or gender differences, (2) spatial variability of, e.g. human population growth, (3) long-term effects of demographic processes, and (4) the context dependency (e.g. regulations/law enforcement, type of human activities, and choice of scale or proxy). We conclude there is evidence that the relationship between biodiversity and demographic change is much more complex than expected and so far represented in research. Thus, we call for a social\xe2\x80\x93ecological biodiversity research that particularly focusses on the functional relation between biodiversity and human activities, namely the different types, context, and interdependent dynamics (spatial and temporal) of this complex relation.'

'This article focuses on the relationship between priority-setting in conservation and in taxonomy. A simple and generally applicable scheme is presented based on prior quantitative extinction threat evaluation. In the main part of the study we describe the assessment of the herbarium voucher collection date time series of 21 endemic fig tree species of Ficus sect. Oreosycea (Moraceae). The fig tree assessment is then compared with the available IUCN Red List data and with the collection information on two other groups of endemic tree radiations in New Caledonia: ebonies of Diospyros sect. Maba (Ebenaceae) and the Iguanura palm lineage (Arecaceae). We find a remarkably low level of extinction threat evident in Ficus but a pronounced need to differentiate between true species rarity and putative rarity of potential taxonomic artifacts. To this end it is proposed how such numerical evaluations can be used to set future priorities for the assessment or validation of the taxonomic and conservation status of taxa. The limitations and implications of the evaluation are discussed and relevant criteria for a meaningful analysis of collection records are listed. Finally, putting our results on woody plants into perspective, we briefly review the general conservation situation and outlook of New Caledonia, acknowledging both its high conservation priority and potential.'

"For thousands of years, Indian tribes have gathered, selected, domesticated and spread useful plants over the whole American continent while mostly practicing shifting forms of horti-agriculture. It has been argued that origin and domestication of New World crops could be traced back to essentially two independent, narrowly circumscribed core regions, (i.e. Vavilov's genecentres) one in the highlands of Mexico and the other in the Andes of Peru. Those alleged centers of origin and genetic diversity have been synchronized with the main cradles of American agriculture. Based on long periods of research work in South America, we disagree with this opinion which is maintained primarily by anthropologists, sociologists and ethnologists. Except for marginal desert and mountain environments, there are no real biogeographical restrictions for plant domestication. Apparent geographical barriers, like the Darien gap, did not represent insurmountable hindrances for the diffusion and migration of useful species in the hands of indigenous peoples."

'Four previously much confused species of Lecythis, which form a coherent group of species collectively known in Brazil as \xe2\x80\x9csapucaias,\xe2\x80\x9d are described and differentiated in a key. A summary of their pollination and dispersal is presented as well as of their present-day distributions in relation to past geological and climatological events. Fruit variability, the cause of name proliferation in this group, is described and related to the problem of species concepts in the Lecythidaceae.'

"This study analyzed the distribution of resident, forest-interior bird species nesting on islands in Lake Guri, Venezuela using several different community assembly rule models. The models that were tested included Diamond's Assembly Rules, Size Structure, Guild Proportionality, Favored States, and Nestedness. It was determined that the species composition of the study communities was only weakly influenced by competition, but that competition did appear to limit the size similarity which is permissible for co-occurring species. There was no tendency for the relative proportion of species within guilds (i.e. insectivore, omnivore, nectivore and frugivore) to remain stable among the islands. When only the insectivorous and omnivorous species were analyzed (using feeding strata as the functional groups) there was some support for the guild proportionality hypothesis. This study found no support for Fox's Favored State hypothesis, possibly due to the overrepresentation of insectivores and omnivores in the species pool. The island communities exhibit a highly nested structure. This high degree of nestedness supports the hypothesis that the assemblages are more strongly determined by differential extinction vulnerability and selective species loss than by interspecific or inter-guild competition. Understanding patterns of community assembly and their underlying forces has important implications for conservation ecology and reserve design."

'The identification of mechanisms that have generated biodiversity is one of the major tasks in biogeography and evolutionary biology. Here, using a set of environmental variables and historical presence records, we assessed whether closely related allopatric lineages in the Arremon brunneinucha (Aves: Passerellidae) complex are either more ecologically similar or different throughout their distribution in Mesoamerica. Using PCA-env approximation, niche similarity tests, and comparative approaches, we analysed niche evolution in this species complex and the relative role of geographic and environmental factors on shaping lineage divergence. Our results suggest that most (95.24%) of the evolutionary lineages included in the A. brunneinucha complex have a null to low climatic niche overlap (Schoener\xe2\x80\x99s D\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.0\xe2\x80\x930.2), in addition, our data rejected the hypothesis of niche similarity among these lineages in 17 paired comparison cases (80.94%). We found that allopatric and nearly parapatric lineages both show evidence that their ecological niches have been maintained by sharp climatic gradients. These patterns suggest that divergence in these evolutionary lineages has been promoted due to different environmental conditions and evolutionary pressures, which in concert with geographical barriers to gene flow, have led to diversification in the A. brunneinucha complex throughout Mesoamerica.'

'\nMyrceugenia is a mainly temperate South American genus with two species on the Juan Fern\xc3\xa1ndez Islands, 12 in central and southern Chile and adjacent Argentina, and 25 in the highlands of southeastern Brazil and adjacent regions. The continental populations are separated by about 1000 km. Numerical cladistic procedures based on the criteria of parsimony, compatible characters and a combination of compatible characters and character correlation are used to deduce hypothetical phylogenetic undirected trees. These indicate that 3\xe2\x80\x938 groups of species bridge the continent of South America. An explanation of how the distribution of the genus could have come about is given based on: 1) the above mentioned numerical analyses, 2) the ecology of the species, 3) the distribution of other plant genera, and 4) theories of the geologic and climatic history of southern South America. Myrceugenia is hypothesized to have grown continuously across South America during the early Tertiary and to have become divided into eastern and western populations probably during the Miocene.'

'BackgroundAmblyomma cajennense F. is one of the best known and studied ticks in the New World because of its very wide distribution, its economical importance as pest of domestic ungulates, and its association with a variety of animal and human pathogens. Recent observations, however, have challenged the taxonomic status of this tick and indicated that intraspecific cryptic speciation might be occurring. In the present study, we investigate the evolutionary and demographic history of this tick and examine its genetic structure based on the analyses of three mitochondrial (12SrDNA, d-loop, and COII) and one nuclear (ITS2) genes. Because A. cajennense is characterized by a typical trans-Amazonian distribution, lineage divergence dating is also performed to establish whether genetic diversity can be linked to dated vicariant events which shaped the topology of the Neotropics.ResultsTotal evidence analyses of the concatenated mtDNA and nuclear + mtDNA datasets resulted in well-resolved and fully congruent reconstructions of the relationships within A. cajennense. The phylogenetic analyses consistently found A. cajennense to be monophyletic and to be separated into six genetic units defined by mutually exclusive haplotype compositions and habitat associations. Also, genetic divergence values showed that these lineages are as distinct from each other as recognized separate species of the same genus. The six clades are deeply split and node dating indicates that they started diverging in the middle-late Miocene.ConclusionsBehavioral differences and the results of laboratory cross-breeding experiments had already indicated that A. cajennense might be a complex of distinct taxonomic units. The combined and congruent mitochondrial and nuclear genetic evidence from this study reveals that A. cajennense is an assembly of six distinct species which have evolved separately from each other since at least 13.2 million years ago (Mya) in the earliest and 3.3 Mya in the latest lineages. The temporal and spatial diversification modes of the six lineages overlap the phylogeographical history of other organisms with similar extant trans-Amazonian distributions and are consistent with the present prevailing hypothesis that Neotropical diversity often finds its origins in the Miocene, after the Andean uplift changed the topology and consequently the climate and ecology of the Neotropics.'

'BackgroundThe Human Blood Index (HBI, proportion of bloodmeals of a mosquito population obtained from man) is relevant to epidemiological assessment and to the modification of measures to interrupt malaria transmission since the vectorial capacity of the vector varies as the square of the HBI. Anopheles pseudopunctipennis is a main malaria vector in South America. Unfortunately, few data exist concerning HBI values in its range of distribution and none from Bolivia where this species is considered as an important malaria vector in the central Andes.MethodsThe host choice of An. pseudopunctipennis has been studied in Mataral, a characteristic village of the central Andes of Bolivia. Mosquito host feeding preference experiments (equal accessibility to host in homogenous environment) were monitored using baited mosquito nets in latin square designs. Host feeding selection experiments (natural feeding pattern in heterogeneous environment) was measured by bloodmeal analysis, using ELISA to determine the origin of blood. Mosquito bloodmeals were collected on various occasions, using various techniques in a variety of sampling sites. A survey of the possible blood sources has also been carried out in the village. Data were analysed with the forage ratio method.ResultsAn. pseudopunctipennis chooses amongst hosts. Sheep, goats, donkeys and humans are the preferred hosts, while dogs, pigs and chicken are rarely bitten. An. pseudopunctipennis has an opportunistic behaviour, in particular within the preferred hosts. The HBI in Mataral is \xe2\x89\x8840% and in the central Andes, may range from 30\xe2\x80\x9350%, in accordance to other findings. A high proportion of mixed meals were encountered (8%), and cryptic meals are likely more numerous. There was no difference amongst the HBI from parous and nulliparous mosquitoes.ConclusionForage ratio analysis is a powerful tool to interpret mosquito host choices. However, refinements in sampling strategies are still needed to derive accurate and precise HBIs that could be computed to compare or follow epidemiological situations. The low antropophily of An. pseudopunctipennis, associated with changing environmental conditions, leads to unstable malaria (Plasmodium vivax) transmission in the central Andes. The opportunistic behaviour of this vector may be used to attract mosquitoes to insecticide. Zooprophylaxis is a promising alternative control strategy.'

'Fruit characteristics, embryo types, and funicle-aril features are described for the genera of neotropical Lecythidaceae. Their bearing on the taxonomy of the family is discussed and a generic key based on fruit and seed features is provided. The anomalous seed structure ofAsteranthos brasiliensis is pointed out. Known fruit and seed adaptations for dispersal are described.'

'For cassava (Manihot esculenta Euphorbiaceae), results from field collection, semistructured interviews, phenetic and cluster analyses, and Global Information Systems (G1S) indicate that cassava phenotypes vary with elevation and topography, but less with soils or pests and diseases. Amuesha women with a sense of tradition maintain many cassava varieties along with associated myths, songs, names and indigenous production. The shaman plays a key role in breeding new and maintaining traditional cassava germplasm, while the rest of the tribe nurtures cassava germplasm dynamics through collecting, trading, stealing, maintaining favored cassava varieties, and purging the less desirable. The future of cassava diversity is of concern to some Amuesha as production and market interests surmount more traditional attention to variety.'

'Eco-certification of agricultural commodities offers an appealing option to promote more sustainable practices \namong smallholders, increase agricultural value, and lift farmers out of poverty through better market access. This study evaluates whether coffee cultivation is associated with changes in forest cover and forest fragmentation and whether the Rainforest Alliance eco-certification program has led to enhanced tree cover and greater landscape connectivity in the Colombian eastern Andes. Based on satellite imagery, geo-referenced coffee parcels and a pair\xe2\x80\x93case comparison, we show that coffee-growing regions have larger areas in forest, larger forest patches, and better connectivity among patches than non-coffee areas. These differences, however, do not seem to be accentuated over time, except for dense forest cover in the coffee-growing region. The latter has increased since the introduction of a certification program that requires protection of forest remnants and riparian vegetation. Moreover, certified farms in the study area have increased the amount of tree cover on their plots significantly more than non-certified ones. Our study design, therefore, detects additionality in the impact of certification on tree cover increase: in a region with overall increase in tree cover, certified farms contributed significantly more to that trend than non-certified farms. This study presents the first evaluation of the impacts of certification in cultivated landscapes at the ecosystem level, detectable by Earth observation satellites.'

'\xe2\x80\x82Biogeographical affinities among cloud forests in the Neotropical region were studied through a track approach, by constructing generalised tracks based on the results of a parsimony analysis of endemicity (PAE). Distributional data on 946 genera and 1,266 species of vascular plants (Pteridophyta, angiosperms, and gymnosperms) from 26 cloud forest patches from Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Peru, Puerto Rico, and Venezuela were analysed; and four localities from eastern and western United States were also included as outgroups. The track analysis identified six generalised tracks: a first one that includes the majority of the cloud forests of Mexico, Central America, the Antilles, and northern Colombia; a second one that includes southern Mexico and northern Central America; a third one that includes the mountains in northwestern South America; a fourth one that includes the mountains in southwestern South America; and two others in western and eastern United States. It is concluded that the Neotropical cloud forests are closely related and that those of the Caribbean subregion exhibit complex relationships, which could be due to the complex tectonic history of the area.'

Abstract not available

'Determining the amount and distribution of genetic variation represents a fundamental step for the inference of evolutionary processes acting on populations of endangered species. For these species, adaptive evolutionary potential is highly reduced by the loss of genetic variation due to drift. Here, we examined genetic diversity at the mitochondrial control region (CR), 17 microsatellites, and six Toll-like receptor (TLR) genes, known to play a key role on the innate immune response of vertebrates in the Antioquia wren (AW) Thryophilus sernai, an endangered passerine bird inhabiting the remnant fragments of tropical dry forest in the northernmost part of the Cauca river canyon, Colombia. We found very low variation for the three types of markers. The CR showed scarce variability, while only six of the 17 microsatellites analyzed and two of the six TLRs sequenced were polymorphic. Population structure analyses suggest the occurrence of one single population in the area. Selection tests could not detect signatures of positive selection for the variable sites in the species, and assessment of amino acid changes found within the lineage do not suggest any functional effects that could be associated to selection in either polymorphic TLR loci. Comparisons with species showing widespread and restricted distribution supports a low TLR variability typical of small populations. These results suggest current low evolutionary potential for the species, as its reduced genetic diversity is expected to increase extinction risk by limiting the ability to cope with environmental changes. Our study supports current evidence suggesting drift as the main driver shaping TLR variation.'

'The primary geoindicators appropriate for monitoring environmental changes in the humid tropics are transitory surface water levels, shoreline position, wetlands distribution, coral reefs, landforms, and sediment sequence and composition. Lateral zonations and temporal successions of vegetation also can be used as geoindicators of riverine and shoreline changes. All of these coastal geoindicators are sensitive to regional tectonic processes and anthropogenic alterations and they typically reflect significant changes in coastal conditions such as fluvial processes, coastal energy, water quality, relative sea level, and sediment supply. Where humid tropical coasts coincide with active tectonic margins, indicators of seismic activity are critical to understanding coastal changes associated with co-seismic subsidence or uplift, tsunamis, and liquefaction of coastal sediments. Coastal landforms and sedimentary deposits that record late Quaternary environmental changes include perched fluvial and marine terraces, delta-plain morphologies, crevasse-splay deposits, peats and other paleosols, beach ridges, mud capes, and mud volcanoes. Although these features and deposits typically reflect environmental changes spanning more than 100\xc2\xa0years, they are relevant to modern processes, management of coastal lands and resources, and prediction of future conditions. In some regions of the humid tropics, large coastal areas are unaffected by hurricanes or typhoons. Nevertheless, these tropical coasts are vulnerable to other non-storm processes, such as El Ni\xc3\xb1o events, tsunamis, and monsoons that increase water levels, and cause widespread flooding and beach erosion. The environmental and political significance of coastal geoindicators increases when they are integrated and applied to issues of human safety and health such as hazards mapping, risk assessment, and dispersion of contaminated sediments. However, to be relevant, those socio-environmental applications demand accurate predictions of future trends and rates of change.'

'Faunistic complexes of 155 species of the Cladocera found in Eastern Siberia and the Far East of Russian Federation are described. The eight complexes are specified: unrevised widely spread species (51), the widespread Eurasian faunistic complex (34 species), the circumpolar complex (4 species), the East Asian and American (Beringian) complex (8 species), the endemic East Asian complex (19 species), the southern thermophilic complex (12 species), the mountainous endemic complex (3 species), and the Baikal endemic complex (8 species). Directions for further studies are suggested. Faunistic investigations of the modern level in the East Palearctic represent an independent task, which should be accomplished by taxonomists in close cooperation with specialists on local faunas.'

'The Quaternary history of the Amazon lowlands is characterized by deposition of sediments of Andean provenance and by the influences of changing sea levels. Areas well above the present water tables were not reached by Pleistocene high-water stages. These areas have been intensively weathered since the Tertiary, forming hard lateritic weathering horizons. These weathering horizons are best explained by the relatively constant, humid tropical climate throughout the Quaternary. In the western Amazonian Lowland, flood plains corresponding to the different Pleistocene sea-level heights were formed. During low sea level, erosion in the drainage areas increased and the water levels of the central Amazon River system were lowered. Valleys drowned and lakes formed in the lower reaches of rivers and creeks during high sea-level stages. These lakes (ria lakes) remained in the valleys with rivers having a low sediment load. Seismic profiling (3.5 kHz) in some of these lakes clearly showed deposits of the three last periods of Quaternary high sea-level stages.'

'Certain Native Americans from the Pacific Northwest and Alaska of the USA have grown potatoes in their gardens for many generations. In this study, the origin of several potatoes collected from Native gardens was investigated. Fourteen SSR markers covering the 12 potato homologs yielding a total of 199 alleles were amplified and scored in Solanum tuberosum Group Andigena (52 accessions), S. tuberosum Group. Tuberosum (39 accessions) and wild species (6 accessions). \xe2\x80\x9cOzette\xe2\x80\x9d from the Makah Nation on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington State was closely related to \xe2\x80\x9cMaria\xe2\x80\x99s\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cKasaan\xe2\x80\x9d potatoes collected from Native Alaskan gardens in Southeast Alaska. These three potatoes were more closely related to either two Mexican and one Peruvian andigena accessions or three Chilean Group Tuberosum accessions, while being relatively less related to the old European or modern varieties and most distantly related to Group Andigenum. \xe2\x80\x9cTo-Le-Ak\xe2\x80\x9d was closely related to two Chilean tuberosum accessions and one old European variety. All Native potatoes harbored T-type chloroplast genome indicating that their maternal lineage is shared with Chilean Group Tuberosum. Using genetic relationship as a guide to origin it appears plausible that the Native American/Alaskan cultivars are either directly or indirectly from Mexico and Chile. These Native potato cultivars present a possible second route of diffusion distinct from the South America to Europe transfer which has been assumed to the sole means by which potato was spread out of South America.'

'We conducted a 55-day long camera-trap survey in the Yungas subtropical forest in NW Argentina, to assess the effect of human accessibility, conservation status of the area, domestic animals and elevation on the diversity and composition of the large and medium-sized native terrestrial mammal assemblage. We deployed 24 camera-trap stations at distances of \xe2\x88\xbc2 km from each other. The study area is covered by continuous forest and has its center in the small community of Acambuco, in the Acambuco Provincial Reserve. The main economic activity in the area is oil/gas exploitation. Local residents raise cattle, hunt and use timber and non-timber forest products. The human impact was indirectly measured with an accessibility cost model. We used a multiple regression ANCOVA to assess the effect of elevation (range: 628\xe2\x80\x931170 masl), accessibility, protection status (reserve vs not) and frequency of records of domestic animals on the native mammal species richness and on a nonmetric multidimensional scaling (NMDS) ordination based on the frequency of records of the native mammals recorded at >3 camera-trap stations. We recorded 15 species of native mammals. Native mammal species richness decreased with elevation. Elevation was correlated with NMDS axes. Other predictive variables had no effect on species richness or the NMDS ordination, probably as a result of the relatively narrow range of conditions assessed in this study. The effect of elevation on mammal assemblages should be considered in landscape planning processes aimed at promoting biodiversity conservation.'

'Observations on the floral biology of seven species of New World Lecythidaceae, including the first report of bat pollination for neotropical members of the family, are presented. The shift from actinomorphic flowers with many stamens to zygomorphic flowers with fewer stamens and the concomitant change from pollen to nectar as the pollinator reward are discussed and related to the respective pollinators. Several mechanisms which operate to reduce competition for pollinators between sympatric species of the family are suggested.'

'The current loss of biodiversity requires long-term monitoring of the distribution of living organisms, particularly in regions, such as mountains, which are highly sensitive to climatic and environmental changes. In 2007, three alpine parks in N-W Italy started a field program to determine the factors which influence animal biodiversity and identify the most appropriate methods for periodically repeatable monitoring. Twelve altitudinal transects (from montane to alpine belt) were chosen, each composed of 4\xe2\x80\x937 sampling units, for a total of 69 monitored plots. In each station, five taxonomic groups (carabids, butterflies, spiders, staphylinids, birds) were systematically sampled and topographic, environmental and micro-climatic variables were recorded. The aim was to assess the distribution of different taxa along altitudinal gradients and the relative influence of geographical, environmental and climatic factors. The data showed that species richness and community composition of invertebrates are mainly determined by altitude and microclimatic conditions, whereas birds are more sensitive to habitat structure. For invertebrates, the strong relationship with temperature suggests their potential sensitivity to climatic variations. The analysis of biodiversity patterns across vegetation belts indicated that the alpine belt hosts few species but a high percentage of endemic and vulnerable species, highlighting its importance for conservation purposes. This work offers a representative sample of the northwestern Italian Alps and it is a first step of a monitoring effort that will be repeated every five years to highlight the response of alpine biodiversity to climate and land-use changes.'

'Aquatic macrophytes are aquatic photosynthetic organisms, large enough to see with the naked eye, that actively grow permanently or periodically submerged below, floating on, or growing up through the water surface. Aquatic macrophytes are represented in seven plant divisions: Cyanobacteria, Chlorophyta, Rhodophyta, Xanthophyta, Bryophyta, Pteridophyta and Spermatophyta. Species composition and distribution of aquatic macrophytes in the more primitive divisions are less well known than for the vascular macrophytes (Pteridophyta and Spermatophyta), which are represented by 33 orders and 88 families with about 2,614 species in c. 412 genera. These c. 2,614 aquatic species of Pteridophyta and Spermatophyta evolved from land plants and represent only a small fraction (\xe2\x88\xbc1%) of the total number of vascular plants. Our analysis of the numbers and distribution of vascular macrophytes showed that whilst many species have broad ranges, species diversity is highest in the Neotropics, intermediate in the Oriental, Nearctic and Afrotropics, lower in the Palearctic and Australasia, lower again in the Pacific Oceanic Islands, and lowest in the Antarctic region. About 39% of the c. 412 genera containing aquatic vascular macrophytes are endemic to a single biogeographic region, with 61\xe2\x80\x9364% of all aquatic vascular plant species found in the Afrotropics and Neotropics being endemic to those regions. Aquatic macrophytes play an important role in the structure and function of aquatic ecosystems and certain macrophyte species (e.g., rice) are cultivated for human consumption, yet several of the worst invasive weeds in the world are aquatic plants. Many of the threats to fresh waters (e.g., climate change, eutrophication) will result in reduced macrophyte diversity and will, in turn, threaten the faunal diversity of aquatic ecosystems and favour the establishment of exotic species, at the expense of native species.'

'BackgroundDiversity patterns result from ecological to evolutionary processes operating at different spatial and temporal scales. Species trait variation determine the spatial scales at which organisms perceive the environment. Despite this knowledge, the coupling of all these factors to understand how diversity is structured is still deficient. Here, we review the role of ecological and evolutionary processes operating across different hierarchically spatial scales to shape diversity patterns of bats\xe2\x80\x94the second largest mammal order and the only mammals with real flight capability.Main bodyWe observed that flight development and its provision of increased dispersal ability influenced the diversification, life history, geographic distribution, and local interspecific interactions of bats, differently across multiple spatial scales. Niche packing combined with different flight, foraging and echolocation strategies and differential use of air space allowed the coexistence among bats as well as for an increased diversity supported by the environment. Considering distinct bat species distributions across space due to their functional characteristics, we assert that understanding such characteristics in Chiroptera improves the knowledge on ecological processes at different scales. We also point two main knowledge gaps that limit progress on the knowledge on scale-dependence of ecological and evolutionary processes in bats: a geographical bias, showing that research on bats is mainly done in the New World; and the lack of studies addressing the mesoscale (i.e. landscape and metacommunity scales).ConclusionsWe propose that it is essential to couple spatial scales and different zoogeographical regions along with their functional traits, to address bat diversity patterns and understand how they are distributed across the environment. Understanding how bats perceive space is a complex task: all bats can fly, but their perception of space varies with their biological traits.'

"Giant lobeliads on tropical mountains in East Africa and Hawaii have highly unusual, giant-rosette growth forms that appear to be convergent on each other and on those of several independently evolved groups of Asteraceae and other families. A recent phylogenetic analysis by Antonelli, based on sequencing the widest selection of lobeliads to date, raises doubts about this paradigmatic example of convergent evolution. Here I address the kinds of evidence needed to test for convergent evolution and argue that the analysis by Antonelli fails on four points. Antonelli's analysis makes several important contributions to our understanding of lobeliad evolution and geographic spread, but his claim regarding convergence appears to be invalid. Giant lobeliads in Hawaii and Africa represent paradigmatic examples of convergent evolution."

Abstract not available

'Cerulean Warbler (Setophaga cerulea; Parulidae) is a \xe2\x80\x9cVulnerable\xe2\x80\x9d species which breeds in North America and migrates to winter in South America. Here we present the first documented record of the species in Brazil. One male was photographed foraging in the canopy of secondary forest on Santa Catarina island, south Brazil, on 07 April 2018. At the time of the record the species was expected to be on migration north to North America. Since the individual was heading south it is assumed that it was lost. This record can then be potentially explained by the vagrancy theory of reverse migrants.'

'In traditional ethnographies, it is customarily assumed that the field researcher is an outsider who seeks to acquire an insider\xe2\x80\x99s understanding of the social world being investigated. While conducting field research projects on education and tourism in Trinidad (West Indies) we found that the standard distinction between insider and outsider became problematic for us. Our experiences can be understood in terms of two competing conceptions of fieldwork. One, rooted in classical ethnography, views fieldwork as a process whereby the researcher learns to translate the cultural practices of a little-known or misunderstood group into terms understandable to the ethnographic audience. The other, growing out of the institutional ethnography approach pioneered by Dorothy E. Smith, views fieldwork as a process of mapping the relations that govern an institutional complex. In the latter approach, local experiences provide the point of departure for exploring a wider set of social arrangements. In this article, we treat our own fieldwork experiences as points of departure for a reflexive examination of this alternative ethnographic strategy.'

'The legume plant family and its present role in agriculture are described. Critical agricultural problems in the immediate future may center about the maintenance of soil nitrogen supplies, a consequence of spiraling costs of fertilizers, and the need to improve the quantity and quality of protein in high-population countries. Unexploited legumes, if developed through research, may be of major importance in agriculture\xe2\x80\x99s response to this challenge.'

'A cascade of reviews and growing body of literature exists on forest invasion ecology, its mechanism or causes; however, no review addressed the sustainable management of invasive plants of forest in totality. Henceforth, the present paper aims to provide a critical review on the management of invasive species particularly in the context of forest plants. Plant invasion in forest is now increasingly being recognized as a global problem, and various continents are adversely affected, although to a differential scale. Quest for the ecological mechanism lying behind the success of invasive species over native species of forest has drawn the attention of researches worldwide particularly in the context of diversity\xe2\x80\x93stability relationship. Transport, colonization, establishment, and landscape spread may be different steps in success of invasive plants in forest, and each and every step is checked through several ecological attributes. Further, several ecological attribute and hypothesis (enemy release, novel weapon, empty niche, evolution of increased competitive ability, etc.) were proposed pertaining to success of invasive plant species in forest ecosystems. However, a single theory will not be able to account for invasion success among all environments as it may vary spatially and temporally. Therefore, in order to formulate a sustainable management plan for invasive plants of forest, it is necessary to develop a synoptic view of the dynamic processes involved in the invasion process. Moreover, invasive species of forest can act synergistically with other elements of global change, including land-use change, climate change, increased concentrations of atmospheric carbon dioxide, and nitrogen deposition. Henceforth, a unified framework for biological invasions that reconciles and integrates the key features of the most commonly used invasion frameworks into a single conceptual model that can be applied to all human-mediated invasions.'

'A growing population with increasing consumption of milk and dairy require more agricultural output in the coming years, which potentially competes with forests and other natural habitats. This issue is particularly salient in the tropics, where deforestation has traditionally generated cattle pastures and other commodity crops such as corn and soy. The purpose of this article is to review the concepts and discussion associated with reconciling food production and conservation, and in particular with regards to cattle production, including the concepts of land-sparing and land-sharing. We then present these concepts in the specific context of Colombia, where there are efforts to increase both cattle production and protect tropical forests, in order to discuss the potential for landscape planning for sustainable cattle production. We outline a national planning approach, which includes disaggregating the diverse cattle sector and production types, identifying biophysical, and economic opportunities and barriers for sustainable intensification in cattle ranching, and analyzing areas suitable for habitat restoration and conservation, in order to plan for both land-sparing and land-sharing strategies. This approach can be used in other contexts across the world where there is a need to incorporate cattle production into national goals for carbon sequestration and habitat restoration and conservation.'

Abstract not available

"Two observations of Audouin's Gull flocks foraging on small fish forced to rise to the sea surface by tunas are presented. Observations were made just off-shore in the Ebro Delta, and Audouin's Gulls and terns concentrated in these flocks more than other seabirds breeding there, probably due to their higher ability for catching fish actively. The association of Audouin's Gulls with sub-surface predators may be a supplementary foraging behaviour for the species, especially during periods of short food supply."

Abstract not available

'The origin of the grassy habit during the Eocene and the development of C4 grasses during the Miocene/Pliocene boundary are discussed before the origin of primary and secondary grassland in Eurasia and North America are discussed. A comparison shows that both Northern and Southern hemisphere primary grassland originated due to climatic changes to drier conditions during the end of the Eocene, and that modern grassland vegetation types can be traced back to the Oligocene. The Eurasian steppes becomes more fragmented towards the west and south and relicts of primary grassland exists only in the most xerothermic localised habitats in central and western Europe. Secondary grassland clearly due to manmade deforestation, started with the spread of Neolithic husbandry. Southern African grasslands were however not only determined by droughty conditions, but cooler conditions at high altitudes are one of the major driving forces that prevent colonisation by trees of a generally tropical origin.'

'An index is presented of 375 articles which appeared in Vol. 51\xe2\x80\x9373 of Vegetatio. A Source index is followed by a Keyword index, a Discipline index, a Vegetation type index, a Geographical index, and a Latin name index for taxa and syntaxa. The codes used for discipline, vegetation type and geographic area are the same as those used in the Index Vol. 1\xe2\x80\x9350. After a short introduction a history of the journal is presented, followed by some statistics on the origin of the authors and the type of article, for seven periods covering the entire history of the journal since 1948. Finally the codes are elucidated.'

'Bogot\xc3\xa1, the capital of the Republic of Colombia, is a tropical highland city located 2,650\xc2\xa0m above sea level. It is the 25th largest city in the world and, among large cities, is also one of the highest. In common with other cities in Latin America, a large part of its urban growth during recent centuries has been unplanned and informal. The introduction of green spaces into urban planning in Bogot\xc3\xa1 began in the mid-20th century, but was first included in official legislation during the 1990s through the concept of Ecological Main Structure (EMS). Initially developed by Dutch scholars, EMS was brought to Colombia via biological conservation practitioners as a means of enhancing biological connectivity in rural and natural landscapes, extended in this case to urban landscapes as a top-level planning instrument. EMS originally included a variety of components, from protected areas and biological conservation tools to environmental urban elements - the emphasis being on biodiversity conservation, without sufficient recognition of specific urban structures and functions. This process led to conceptual disciplinary-based divergence and conflicting political interpretations. The current emergence of EMS as a planning tool for urban regions represents an opportunity for integration, although the risk of divergent interpretations remains, as no integrative conceptual framework has yet been developed. In this paper we review the concepts underlying EMS that have been incorporated within urban and regional planning, especially those of ecological networks and green infrastructure, and also diagnose conceptual and institutional barriers to its current integration, challenges and opportunities which are set in the context of an emerging urban region. We propose a trans-disciplinary framework for multi-level integration of EMS, along a gradient from wild environments to built structures that incorporates emerging concepts such as urban biodiversity, ecosystem services and design in the urban landscape, with the aim of contributing to the creation of an urban landscape that is resilient to environmental change and suitable for human well-being and adaptation.'

'The British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace (1823\xe2\x80\x931913), who had to leave school aged 14 and never attended university, did extensive fieldwork, first in the Amazon River basin (1848\xe2\x80\x931852) and then in Southeast Asia (1854\xe2\x80\x931862). Based on this experience, and after reading the corresponding scientific literature, Wallace postulated that species were not created, but are modified descendants of pre-existing varieties (Sarawak Law paper, 1855). Evolution is brought about by a struggle for existence via natural selection, which results in the adaptation of those individuals in variable populations who survive and reproduce (Ternate essay, 1858). In his monograph Darwinism (1889), and in subsequent publications, Wallace extended the contents of Darwin\xe2\x80\x99s Origin of Species (1859) into the Neo-Darwinian theory of biological evolution, with reference to the work of August Weismann (1834\xe2\x80\x931914). Wallace also became the (co)-founder of biogeography, biodiversity research, astrobiology and evolutionary anthropology. Moreover, he envisioned what was later called the anthropocene (i.e., the age of human environmental destructiveness). However, since Wallace believed in atheistic spiritualism and mixed up scientific facts and supernatural speculations in some of his writings, he remains a controversial figure in the history of biology.'

'This paper delivers a conceptual framework for the ecological functioning and biodiversity patterns of lakes that is based on the floodpulse concept (FPC). The specific characteristics of rivers and lakes considering water-level fluctuations are compared, with respect to catchment linkages, temporal patterns, and hydraulic forces of flooding and drawdown. The influences of floodpulses on element cycles, biodiversity, and adaptations of lake biota are analyzed, and the importance of multi-annual flooding cycles is highlighted. The degree by which these water-level fluctuations influence lake ecosystems strongly depends on lake morphology, where shallow lakes or those with large shallow margins are the most sensitive. Although floodpulses play a major role for ecosystem services such as lake management and climate change mitigation schemes, this issue is only scarcely dealt with. Tenets of the extended FPC for lakes are formulated in order to overcome this problem.'

'Competition for water surface prey between fish (Priapichtus annectens: Poeciliidae) and water striders (Potamobates unidentatus: Gerridae) was studied in the laboratory and in pools in a small tropical stream. Laboratory experiments showed that fish depressed activity and foraging success of water striders. Large fish (4\xe2\x80\x935 cm) had a greater effect than small fish (2\xe2\x80\x933 cm). The field experiment showed that competition was highly asymmetric. Presence of fish decreased water strider foraging success while the reverse interaction was insignificant. It is suggested that the higher individual foraging success of the fish, harassment of water striders by fish and the use of an exclusive resource, benthic invertebrates, by the fish, contribute to this pattern. Habitat use differed between the two species. Fish used the deeper parts of stream pools and water striders used the shallower parts of the pools. Asymmetric interference and exploitation competition may force water striders to use shallow edge habitats.'

'Today it is undisputed that living systems contain information for the interpretation of the developmental history or the recent growth potential of an area. The decoding of this information, important for the research on landscapes, can only be managed by consequent clarification of the chorological, population-genetic and autecological particularities of the organisms in the landscapes (M\xc3\x9cLLER 1976, 1977). The importance of this biogeographical concept for the evaluation of our landscapes can be shown using the example of the Campos Cerrados, which are increasingly being considered for exploitation and which were defined either as \xe2\x80\x9cforest formations\xe2\x80\x9d or \xe2\x80\x9csavanna types\xe2\x80\x9d from the turn of the century until recent days.'

'In an effort to ensure energy independence and exploit mineral resources, the governments of Amazonian countries are embarking on a major dam building drive on the basin\xe2\x80\x99s rivers, with 191 dams finished and a further 246 planned or under construction. This rush to harvest the basin\xe2\x80\x99s vast renewable energy capacity has come without proper consideration of the likely negative environmental externalities on the world\xe2\x80\x99s most speciose freshwater and terrestrial biotas. Here we highlight the economic drivers for hydropower development and review the literature to summarise the impacts of dam building on Amazonian biodiversity. We identify both direct and indirect impacts through the anticipated loss, fragmentation and degradation of riparian habitats. We then propose a series of measures to assess, curb and mitigate the impacts of destructive dams on Amazonian biodiversity.'

Abstract not available

'\xe2\x80\x82A plastid phylogeny of the genus Ilex based on three different loci (the atpB-rbcL spacer, trnL-trnF and rbcL) is compared with its nuclear phylogeny based on two different loci (the ribosomal ITS and the 5S RNA spacer). These two sets of molecular data are then compared to geographical and temporal data from the fossil record. The plastid phylogeny is strongly correlated with the geographic distribution of extant species. However, the nuclear phylogeny is strongly incongruent with the plastid phylogeny, suggesting frequent interlineage hybridizations. Moreover, the comparison of the ribosomal ITS tree and the 5S RNA spacer tree indicates also possible lineage sorting. Particularly interesting is the finding of two different Ilex lineages in the plastid American clade showing different biogeographic patterns in South America. One of them has a simple North American/South American biogeographical relationship. The other has complex biogeographical relationships, some species showing direct Asian/South American biogeographical relationships. During its history, the genus Ilex probably experienced frequent lineage sorting and interlineage hybridization with subsequent nuclear or cytoplasmic introgression, making the study of its history very complex.'

'This essay pursues a four-pronged, interdisciplinary approach in considering the possibility that the unusual layout of the lowland Maya site of Nixtun-Ch\xe2\x80\x99ich\xe2\x80\x99 in the lakes region of central Pet\xc3\xa9n, Guatemala, might have been modeled on the scaly back of a crocodile. Part 1 summarizes the biological characteristics of crocodilians, particularly Crocodylus moreletii, and their habitats in lowland Mesoamerica. Part 2 reviews interpretations of these reptiles in myth and art, and exploitation of the creature in the lakes area. Third, the ceremonial core of Nixtun-Ch\xe2\x80\x99ich\xe2\x80\x99, established in the Middle Preclassic (800\xe2\x80\x93400 BCE) period, is discussed. It exhibits an unusual grid of corridors creating a landscape resembling the bony plates of a crocodilian\xe2\x80\x99s back, and a natural cenote-like fosa is proposed to relate to a mythical \xe2\x80\x9cStarry Deer Crocodile.\xe2\x80\x9d Part 4 discusses probable social and political characteristics of early community leaders who planned this site\xe2\x80\x99s atypical layout, viewed through selectionist theories of cooperation and costly signaling. Designed to mimic the mythical crocodile of creation, Nixtun-Ch\xe2\x80\x99ich\xe2\x80\x99 illustrates the role of ideological power in the development of complex societies.'

"The Smithsonian Institution's Monitoring and Assessment of Biodiversity Program joined Shell Prospecting and DevelopmentPeru (SPDP) to protect biodiversity during a natural gas exploration project. Emphasis was on long-term societal andenvironmental benefits in addition to financial gain for thecompany. The systematic, cyclical adaptive management process was used to generate feedback for SPDP managers. Adaptive management enables ongoing improvement of management policies and practices based on lessons learned from operational activities. Previous to this study, very little information about the local biodiversity was available. Over a 2-year period, the team conducted biological assessments of six taxonomic groups at five sites located within 600 km2. A broad range of management options such as location,timing and technology were developed from the beginning of theproject. They were considered in conjunction with emerging lessons from the biodiversity assessments. Critical decisions included location of a gas plant and the cost of helicopter access versus roads to service the full field development. Bothof these decisions were evaluated to ensure that they were economically and environmentally feasible. Project design changes, addressed in the planning stage, were accepted once consensus was achieved. Stakeholders were apprised of the implications of the baseline biodiversity assessments."

'BackgroundBotanists, ecologists and evolutionary biologists are familiar with the astonishing species richness and endemism of the fynbos of the Cape Floristic Region and the ancient and unique flora of the kwongkan of south-western Australia. These regions represent old climatically-buffered infertile landscapes (OCBILs) that are the basis of a general hypothesis to explain their richness and endemism. However, few ecologists are familiar with the campo rupestre of central and eastern Brazil, an extremely old mountaintop ecosystem that is both a museum of ancient lineages and a cradle of continuing diversification of endemic lineages.ScopeDiversification of some lineages of campo rupestre pre-dates diversification of lowland cerrado, suggesting it may be the most ancient open vegetation in eastern South America. This vegetation comprises more than 5000 plant species, nearly 15\xc2\xa0% of Brazil\xe2\x80\x99s plant diversity, in an area corresponding to 0.78\xc2\xa0% of its surface. Reviewing empirical data, we scrutinise five predictions of the OCBIL theory, and show that campo rupestre is fully comparable to and remarkably convergent with both fynbos and kwongkan, and fulfills the criteria for a classic OCBIL.ConclusionsThe increasing threats to campo rupestre are compromising ecosystem services and we argue for the implementation of more effective conservation and restoration strategies.'

'It has frequently been suggested that the period encompassing the ninth to the fourteenth centuries A.D. experienced a climate warmer than that prevailing around the turn of the twentieth century. This epoch has become known as theMedieval Warm Period, since it coincides with the Middle Ages in Europe. In this review a number of lines of evidence are considered, (including climatesensitive tree rings, documentary sources, and montane glaciers) in order to evaluate whether it is reasonable to conclude that climate in medieval times was, indeed, warmer than the climate of more recent times. Our review indicates that for some areas of the globe (for example, Scandinavia, China, the Sierra Nevada in California, the Canadian Rockies and Tasmania), temperatures, particularly in summer, appear to have been higher during some parts of this period than those that were to prevail until the most recent decades of the twentieth century. These warmer regional episodes were not strongly synchronous. Evidence from other regions (for example, the Southeast United States, southern Europe along the Mediterranean, and parts of South America) indicates that the climate during that time was little different to that of later times, or that warming, if it occurred, was recorded at a later time than has been assumed. Taken together, the available evidence does not support aglobal Medieval Warm Period, although more support for such a phenomenon could be drawn from high-elevation records than from low-elevation records.The available data exhibit significant decadal to century scale variability throughout the last millennium. A comparison of 30-year averages for various climate indices places recent decades in a longer term perspective.'

'Using principal component and cluster analyses of 20 ear characters for 219 Latin American races and subraces of maize, 14 groups of races are delimited. The relationships among these groups are indicated, and some subdivisions of the 14 racial groups are described. Only two of the 14 groups of races have been widely used in breeding; several groups have only been slightly studied and a number of their component races verge upon extinction. There is a very small, but perhaps highly significant, amount of overlap between the groups to which the Mexican and indigenous South American races belong.'

'The generalist diet of most frugivores opens a window of opportunity to the invasion of alien plants whit fleshy-fruits. The outcome of the new relationships between alien plants and native frugivores depends both on traits of the invaders and of the mutualist partners in the recipient community. Two contrasting hypotheses attempt to explain the integration of alien species in native communities. \xe2\x80\x9cDarwin\xe2\x80\x99s naturalization hypothesis\xe2\x80\x9d proposes that alien species more different from native species are more likely to integrate in the community. The \xe2\x80\x9csimilarity hypothesis\xe2\x80\x9d proposes the opposite, that alien species more similar to native species are more likely to integrate the native community. By comparing chemical and morphological traits of 12 alien and 48 native fleshy-fruited species, we tested both hypothesis as assembly rules of alien species in subtropical Andean forests. We did not find differences in most chemical or morphological traits between alien and native fruit species. The multidimensional variation of alien fruit traits was nested within that of native species. However, alien fruits tended to score high in the range of variation of native chemical traits. Accordingly, we propose the \xe2\x80\x9cfraction similarity hypothesis\xe2\x80\x9d as a main force that drive the assembly of alien species in mutualistic networks, i.e. alien species benefit from existing mutualistic interactions that involve fruit species with traits selected by the frugivores to invade native communities. The striking similarity in fruit traits between alien and native species highlights the potential role of seed dispersers as ecological filters to the invasion of alien plants. In turn, this similarity suggests that alien fruits can be functionally equivalent to native ones in terms of their interaction with fruit-eating birds.'

'Given the heavy reliance placed on and investment in protected areas for biological conservation, there has been much debate as to how effective these are in representing biodiversity features within their boundaries. The majority of studies addressing this issue have been conducted on a regional or national basis, precluding a broad picture of patterns of representation at the species level. We present a global assessment of the representation of the terrestrial geographic ranges of complete taxonomic groups: all known extant amphibians, birds and mammals (20,736 species) within the current global system of protected areas. We conclude that it is necessary substantially to improve the levels of coverage of the geographic ranges of the majority of species, even the widespread ones. This is particularly true for rare species, which might be assumed to be foci for protected area systems. To improve on the low levels of coverage of vertebrate ranges attained by the existing areas, key regions should be targeted, but heavy reliance will also have to be placed on approaches to sustaining populations in the wider, unprotected landscape.'

'The genus Rhynchospiza comprises two species, the monotypic Tumbes Sparrow (R. stolzmanni) and the Stripe-crowned Sparrow (R. strigiceps) with subspecies strigiceps and dabbenei. In the study reported here we evaluated the taxonomic status of these taxa and discussed key features involved in speciation. All three taxa exhibited multiple differences in plumage, morphology, and vocalizations, supporting the recognition of three species in Rhynchospiza. The very large-billed R. stolzmanni has a song composed of a succession of faster complex trilled phrases, shows a small black loral line and dark-chestnut head stripes with large dark central-stripe to individual feathers, and is resident in the Tumbes region. The large and heavy dabbenei has a song consisting of a series of simple chirping notes, shows a large black loral crescent and chestnut head stripes with a reduced to absent dark center to feathers, and inhabits the Austral Yungas as a year-round resident. The small and pale strigiceps has a song consisting of a succession of complex trilled phrases, shows a small black loral line and rufous-brown head stripes with large dark central-stripe to feathers, and inhabits Dry and Sierran Chaco where it is a partial migrant. Locality data and ecological niche modeling show that dabbenei and strigiceps are allo-parapatric and use different altitudinally segregated habitats at their zone of parapatry. Molecular phylogenetic analyses (NADH dehydrogenase 2 [ND2] gene) revealed R. stolzmanni to be sister (11.5% divergent) to a recently diverged dabbenei and strigiceps clade (1.6% divergent). We conclude that the genus Rhynchospiza comprises three species-level entities, each restricted to a major biogeographic region, and that vocalizations and facial patterns provide key evidence on species limits in these otherwise similarly plumaged taxa. The evolutionary\xe2\x80\x93cultural differences in songs, with complex phrases in those of R. strigiceps and R. stolzmanni, and single notes in the songs of R. dabbenei, suggest changes in the innate vocal learning template during speciation in the latter.'

'A review of recent media publications and journals containing articles about evolution and paleontology.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'The butterfly genus Forsterinaria Gray is the only strictly montane representative of the diverse Neotropical subtribe Euptychiina (Nymphalidae, Satyrinae), with 24 described species. Recent research in some of the most isolated and highly diverse Andean regions, such as central Peru, show that its total species richness is still underestimated. An example is the new species described here, Forsterinaria emo n. sp., which is particularly interesting because of an unusual structure discovered in its male genitalia which consists of a bunch of bristle-like processes, composing a fringe-like formation on the dorsum of the tegumen. No similar, homologous structure was found in any congener, nor indeed, in any species of diurnal Lepidoptera. Scanning electron microscope studies revealed that the microstructure of the processes resembles a membrane lining the tegumen. Its function is unknown but two hypotheses are discussed based on a comparative study with other genital structures of butterflies. We argue that it may help stabilizing the partners in the process of mating or it may serve as a \xe2\x80\x98mating plug\xe2\x80\x99, preventing the female from multiple copulations.'

'The present review attempts to collate information on various uses of cacti and reflect on their potential to be considered as a possible commercial crop in the era of global climate change. The immense values of cacti has been discussed in view of their aesthetic, nutritional, nutraceutical and industrial uses. Cacti have the potential to mitigate the effects of climate change due to their unique morphological and physiological adaptation mechanisms. Vulnerability and conservation status of different cactus species along with the possible impact of climate change on the diversity of cacti have been discussed. The research and development areas where scarce information is available, are highlighted, so that immediate research and development efforts could be initiated for proper utilization of this important group of plants.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Studies of birdsong across very broad geographic scales, such as between the north temperate zone and the tropics, provide special opportunities to understand the role of variable ecologies, life histories and mating pressures on song structure and organization. The problem is typically studied through comparative, cross-species analyses because few species have such broad distributions to encompass both regions. The House Wren is an important exception, having the widest distribution of any native songbird in the Americas, from Canada to Tierra del Fuego. Across this range, they manifest considerable variation in life history, mating systems and migration, but there is no systematic research on corresponding song variation. Here we provide a first detailed characterization of song structure and organization for Southern House Wrens (Troglodytes aedon chilensis) in western Argentina and provide preliminary comparisons to Northern House Wrens. Songs of Southern House Wrens contained two distinct sections: an introduction of broadband noisy, or harmonic, notes followed by a louder terminal section of tonal, frequency-modulated syllables with a mean of seven syllables and three syllable types per song. The syllable repertoire was large (28), mostly shared and used to construct very large song repertoires (up to 170 song types with no evidence of a ceiling), but much smaller repertoires of commonly produced song types (24). Males tended to repeat song types many times before switching (eventual variety) but, at times, sang with immediate variety. Compared to Northern House Wrens, there were differences in the detailed form of some notes and syllables as well as in the relative emphasis of the softer introduction versus louder terminal section of songs. In broader patterns of song construction, organization, delivery, and the size of syllable and song repertoires, the two populations were very similar. These patterns are discussed in light of differences in life history, mating and migration between them.'

Abstract not available

" In human history, numerous infectious diseases have emerged and re-emerged. Aside from many others, the so-called 'exotic' agents in particular are a threat to our public health systems due to limited experience in case management and lack of appropriate resources. Many of these agents are zoonotic in origin and transmitted from animals to man either directly or via vectors. The reservoirs are often infected subclinically or asymptomatically and the distribution of the diseases basically reflects the range and the population dynamics of their reservoir hosts. As examples, emergence/re-emergence is discussed here for diseases caused by filoviruses, hantaviruses, paramyxoviruses, flaviviruses and Yersinia pestis. In addition, bioterrorism is addressed as one factor which has now to be considered in infectious disease emergence/re-emergence. Preparedness for known and unknown infectious diseases will be a top priority for our public health systems in the beginning of the millennium."

'The objective of this study was to explore the altitudinal decrease in local richness of stream macroinvertebrates. I compared the explicatory power of a mid-domain effect (MDE) null model and a number of selected contemporary ecological variables, with a special emphasis on the altitude-mediated decrease in temperature and oxygen availability as possible driving factors for the observed pattern. Benthic macroinvertebrates were sampled at 30 stream sites between 2,600 and 4,000\xc2\xa0m\xc2\xa0a.s.l. in northern Ecuador. All four measures of local richness (total number of taxa, taxa in Surber samples, Fisher\xe2\x80\x99s \xce\xb1 index and rarefied richness) decreased with increasing altitude. The MDE null model, water temperature and dissolved oxygen also decreased with altitude, while other measured variables were uncorrelated with altitude. Minimum oxygen saturation had the highest explanatory power of the density-corrected Fisher\xe2\x80\x99s \xce\xb1 and rarefied richness (R\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.48 and 0.52, respectively), but also minimum temperature (R\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.48 and 0.41) and the MDE null model (R\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.48 and 0.46) correlated significantly. Multiple regression analyses using several predictive variables showed that oxygen saturation had the greatest and only significant effect on density-corrected richness. The relationship between richness and oxygen corrected for the effect of altitude (using analyses of double residuals) was significant, whereas that of richness versus temperature was not. The results indicate that the decrease in richness with increasing altitude is mainly caused by a decrease in oxygen saturation rather than by a decrease in temperature. Levels of oxygen saturation such as those found at high altitudes do not appear to be lethal to any species, but could affect macroinvertebrates through long-term, sub-lethal effects. I suggest that low oxygen availability may limit biodiversity at high altitudes not only in the aquatic, but also in the terrestrial environment.'

'Background"Fright" is an English-speaking Caribbean idiom for an illness, or ethnomedical syndrome, of persistent distress. A parallel ethnopsychiatric idiom exists in the French Antilles as s\xc3\xa9sisma. Fright is distinct from susto among Hispanics, though both develop in the wake of traumatic events. West Indian ethnophysiology (ethnoanatomy) theorizes that an overload of stressful emotions (fear, panic, anguish or worry) causes a cold humoral state in which blood coagulates causing prolonged distress and increased risks of other humorally cold illnesses.MethodsQualitative data on local explanatory models and treatment of fright were collected using participant-observation, informal key informant interviews and a village health survey. Ethnobotanical and epidemiological data come from freelist (or "free-list") tasks, analyzed for salience, with nearly all adults (N = 112) of an eastern village in Dominica, and a village survey on medicinal plant recognition and use (N = 106).ResultsAlong with prayer and exercise, three herbs are salient fright treatments: Gossypium barbadense L., Lippia micromera Schauer, and, Plectranthus [Coleus] amboinicus [Loureiro] Sprengel. The survey indicated that 27% of village adults had medicated themselves for fright. Logistic regression of fright suffering onto demographic variables of age, education, gender, parental status and wealth measured in consumer goods found age to be the only significant predictor of having had fright. The probability of having (and medicating for) fright thus increases with every year.ConclusionsWhile sufferers are often uncomfortable recalling personal fright experiences, reporting use of medicinal plants is less problematic. Inquiry on fright medical ethnobotany (or phytotherapies) serves as a proxy measurement for fright occurrence. Cross-cultural and ethnopharmacology literature on the medicinal plants suggests probable efficacy in accord with Dominican ethnomedical notions of fright. Further, the cultural salience and beliefs about these medicines may give these medications extra psychoneuroimmune (i.e. mind-body) benefits, or placebo-like effects, for this stress-related folk illness.'

'\nPotential trade-offs between providing sufficient food for a growing human population in the future and sustaining ecosystems and their services are driven by various biophysical and socio-economic parameters at different scales. In this study, we investigate these trade-offs by using a three-step interdisciplinary approach. We examine (1) how the expected global cropland expansion might affect food security in terms of agricultural production and prices, (2) where natural conditions are suitable for cropland expansion under changing climate conditions, and (3) whether this potential conversion to cropland would affect areas of high biodiversity value or conservation importance. Our results show that on the one hand, allowing the expansion of cropland generally results in an improved food security not only in regions where crop production rises, but also in net importing countries such as India and China. On the other hand, the estimated cropland expansion could take place in many highly biodiverse regions, pointing out the need for spatially detailed and context-specific assessments to understand the possible outcomes of different food security strategies. Our multidisciplinary approach is relevant with respect to the Sustainable Development Goals for implementing and enforcing sustainable pathways for increasing agricultural production, and ensuring food security while conserving biodiversity and ecosystem services.'

'The role of horizontal and vertical colonization on the diversity and integration of the dung beetle fauna of two mountains in the Mexican Transition Zone (Los Tuxtlas and La Chinantla) are analyzed and compared. On each mountain standardized sampling was done using pitfall traps baited with dung and carrion along elevation gradients. On both mountains diversity decreased linearly with increasing elevation. The decrease in the number of genera and species was not different between mountains, but the cumulative total number for both taxonomic levels was significantly higher on La Chinantla. There, three well-defined groups were identified for which species turnover was mainly a result of species gain. On Los Tuxtlas there was no evident grouping pattern, and species turnover was determined by species loss. For both mountains the dominant biogeographic distribution pattern was Neotropical; however, at the higher elevations of La Chinantla, a clear replacement by lineages of Holarctic affinity was observed. We suggest that for La Chinantla\xe2\x80\x94a mountain that is geographically connected to the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range and is of ancient geological origin\xe2\x80\x94the processes of horizontal and vertical colonization have had relatively different weights in terms of their effect on the pattern of diversity and the biogeographic integration of the beetle community, while on Los Tuxtlas, the limited role of horizontal colonization appears to be a consequence of its isolation and more recent geological origin. We discuss the potential use of these models for studying the effects of climate change on elevation gradients.'

'\n\n\n1)\nThe rates of metabolism and body temperatures of neotropical marsupials were measured and compared to those of Australian species.\n\n\n2)\nNeotropical marsupials have somewhat higher basal rates of metabolism and higher thermal conductances than Australian species. The higher basal rates of neotropical species are correlated with food habits that exclude folivore specialists and to some extent with life in a mesic climate. The high conductances of neotropical marsupials relate to high, stable environmental temperatures.\n\n\n3)\nMany small marsupials, even in a tropical rain-forest, enter torpor, store fat in their tails, and maintain unusually small temperature differentials, all apparently in response to the high cost of thermoregulation at small masses.\n\n\n4)\nMammals with low basal rates can compensate for a small size by decreasing thermal conductance, thereby maintaining a larger temperature differential with the environment than would otherwise be expected.\n\n\n5)\nAn appreciable difference in basal rate of metabolism exists between marsupials and placentals in terrestrial carnivores and grazer-browsers, but no such difference is present in arboreal folivores, arboreal frugivore-omnivores, terrestrial omnivore-insectivores, and ant-and termite-eaters.\n\n\n6)\nHigh basal rates of placentals may insure as short a gestation period as is compatible with extended intrauterine development.\n\n\n7)\nIt is suggested that marsupials have a form of reproduction that may be energetically more expensive than that found in placentals, which may require marsupials to maintain a low basal rate of metabolism.\n\n\n'

'In this review I focus on the socially and ecologically important western Amazon basin and its associated plant communities. I delineate this vast area as between the Andes to the west and the confluence of the Amazon and its first major black-water river, the Rio Negro, to the east. Although scientists have explored here, and local people have lived here for years, we still have\xe2\x80\x94unfortunately\xe2\x80\x94only a most basic understanding of its plant communities. This review is motivated by that lack of knowledge, and attempts both to add a level of organization to what we do know and to suggest future avenues of research. I do this by first realizing that plant communities here must be fundamentally differentiated by the degree of flooding they experience, the kind of water involved, and how regularly that flooding occurs. Within that context, plant communities can then be further defined by such characteristics as soil type, micro-topological relief, and human-induced disturbance regime. After completing the review, I suggest that the diversity of plant communities, not just the plants themselves, is large and likely to grow substantially as we sample more and more, that is to say the peak of the plant community-sampling area curve has not yet been reached. I close with basic questions to help guide future efforts, ideas on how plant communities could be defined quantitatively, and a call for more research funding of the Western Amazon.'

'The tribal name Bocageeae Endlicher is reestablished and the tribe is circumscribed on the basis of solitary internodal ebracteate pedicels that are articulated at the base, and pollen shed in polyads of eight or more grains. Septate anther locules, large pollen size, and seed appendages are prevalent in the tribe. Intectate pollen with free-standing columellae, rare in Annonaceae, occurs not only in the genusTrigynaea but also in some species ofBocagea andHornschuchia. As defined here, the Bocageeae include seven neotropical genera:Cymbopetalum, Porcelia, Bocagea, Cardiopetalum, Froesiodendron, Hornschuchia, andTrigynaea. The latter five genera are revised and the treatments include ten new species:Cardiopetalum plicatum, Froesiodendron urceocalyx, Hornschuchia lianarum, H. santosii, H. leptandra, Trigynaea cinnamomea, T. lanceipetala, T. triplinervis, T. lagaropoda, andT. axilliflora, all from tropical South America. A new combination,Froesiodendron longicuspe, changes the rank of that taxon from subspecies to species.Cardiopetalum surinamense is removed fromFroesiodendron and reassigned toCardiopetalum on the basis of its connate petals, dehiscent monocarps, and seeds with bilobed arils. A cladogram provides an explicit hypothesis of intergeneric relationships in the tribe. The new combinationOnychopetalum periquino, based onTrigynaea periquino, is made.'

'Fourteen species of bats are reported for the first time from Guyana (Saccopteryx gymnura, Micronycteris brachyotis, M. homezi, Lichonycteris obscura, Anoura latidens, Vampyressa pusilla, Vampyrodes caraccioli, Eptesicus chiriquinus, Cynomops paranus, Molossops neglectus, Molossus sp., Molossus coibensis, Molossus sinaloae, and Promops centralis) bringing the known bat diversity for the country to 121 species. Information including measurements, reproductive data, distribution, and taxonomy are provided for these species. Seven of these new records were collected in the Iwokrama International Rain Forest Programme site in central Guyana. Eighty-six bat species are now documented from Iwokrama Forest which is the highest species diversity for bats reported from any protected area in the world. There are, however, few tropical sites that have relatively complete inventories. A summary for bat species diversity in southern Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, and French Guiana indicates that at least 146 species of bats are known from the Guianan subregion. Intense inventory surveys, especially in the often neglected subcanopy, suggest that species richness is probably underestimated in most Neotropical areas. Likewise, species-level diversity in the Guianan subregion is higher than previously suggested. Surveying and monitoring biodiversity are critical to developing a National Protected Areas System in Guyana.'

"Populations of amphibians and reptiles are experiencing new or increasing threats to their survival. Many of these threats are directly attributable to human activity and resource development.This presents the increasing need for worldwide amphibian and reptile assessments and effective, standardized monitoring protocols. Adaptive management techniques can assist managers in identifying and mitigating threats to amphibian and reptile populations. In 1996, Shell Prospecting and Development, Peru initiated a natural gas exploration project in the rainforest of southeastern Peru. The Smithsonian Institution's Monitoring andAssessment of Biodiversity Program worked closely with Shell engineers and managers to establish an adaptive management program to protect the region's biodiversity. In this manuscript,we discuss the steps we took to establish an adaptive managementprogram for amphibian and reptile communities in the region. Wedefine and outline the conceptual issues involved in establishingan assessment and monitoring program, including setting objectives, evaluating the results and making appropriate decisions. We also provide results from the assessment anddiscuss the appropriateness and effectiveness of protocols and criteria used for selecting species to monitor."

'Our estimates indicate that about 30% of the seven million square kilometers that make up the Amazon basin comply with international criteria for wetland definition. Most countries sharing the Amazon basin have signed the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands of International Importance but still lack complete wetland inventories, classification systems, and management plans. Amazonian wetlands vary considerably with respect to hydrology, water and soil fertility, vegetation cover, diversity of plant and animal species, and primary and secondary productivity. They also play important roles in the hydrology and biogeochemical cycles of the basin. Here, we propose a classification system for large Amazonian wetland types based on climatic, hydrological, hydrochemical, and botanical parameters. The classification scheme divides natural wetlands into one group with rather stable water levels and another with oscillating water levels. These groups are subdivided into 14 major wetland types. The types are characterized and their distributions and extents are mapped.'

'In arid regions, climatic conditions exert a great control on the aquatic systems present, but recent changes in climate have produced an enhanced salinization of the aquatic environments located there. Consequently, a major reduction in biodiversity would be expected in those wetlands that were originally fresh water. Salinity is a principal cause of reduced biodiversity particularly in zooplankton because few of those species can adapt to the salt pressure of saline environments. Therefore, the aim of this study was to gain essential information on the diversity of aquatic invertebrates in Llancanelo basin by focussing the analysis on the zooplankton community and exploring seasonal and spatial differences in the zooplankton assemblages of this vulnerable wetland system within an arid region of Argentina. Seasonal samples were taken at nine sites in the basin (a shallow lake, 4 springs, streams, and the Malarg\xc3\xbce River). A total of 45 species were identified. The zooplankton abundance in the lake displayed a clear seasonal contrast and was higher than that recorded in the springs and lotic environments. Boeckella poopoensis, Fabrea salina, and Brachionus plicatilis predominated in the lake, indicating their halophilia. The presence of the crustaceans Alona sp., Macrocyclops albidus, and Paracyclops fimbriatus was restricted to the springs; whereas Notholca labis and Notholca squamula were found only in running water. The zooplankton species richness in the Llancanelo area is low because of both the salt content in the lake and the irregularity of freshwater entry in all locations during the annual cycle.'

'Alzateaceae is a rarely collected monotypic family (order Myrtales) whose relationships, until recently, have been obscure and controversial. Known previously from a few sites in Costa Rica, Panama, Peru, and Bolivia, it is here reported for the first time from a geographically intermediate locality\xe2\x80\x94a cloud forest of the Cerro del Torr\xc3\xa1, Departamento del Choc\xc3\xb3, Colombia. The Chocoan population belongs to the Central American subspecies (Alzatea verticillata subsp.amplifolia S. A. Graham), rather than subsp.verticillata of Peru and Bolivia. Explanations for the present geographic distribution are considered.'

Abstract not available

'The German Small-scale Bottom Trawl Survey (GSBTS) was initiated in 1987 in order to provide complementary investigations to the International Bottom Trawl Survey (IBTS) in the North Sea, using the same methodology but focussing high-intensity sampling on selected survey areas. Over the last 20 years, the initial number of 4 survey areas (10 \xc3\x97 10 nautical miles; \xe2\x80\x9cBoxes\xe2\x80\x9d) has been increased to 12, which are distributed over the entire North Sea. This paper describes the survey methods of the GSBTS, summarizes the scientific outcome of the first 20 years, and suggests that international fisheries research institutions would join the GSBTS.The major outcomes of the survey include to date:\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Documentation changes in the distribution of fish species and in species assemblages (e.g. changes in species richness, shifts in the southern species component).\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Geostatistical evaluation of GSBTS data.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Analysis of spatial scale effects: the relevance of GSBTS survey results for interpreting large-scaled abundance and distribution data from the IBTS.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Description of benthic habitats, composition of invertebrate fauna and its variability.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Process studies, especially investigation of predator-prey interactions between fish through analyses of stomach contents.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Characterization of the typical hydrographic conditions in the survey areas and their variability, and description of the nutrient supply.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Observations of seabirds and their feeding habits.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Analysis of the effects of different parameters on catch rates for bottom fish and on the estimates of abundance indices (e.g. vessel and gear effects, towing time, hydrographic conditions, time of day, number of hauls per area).\n\n\nIn continuing this interdisciplinary survey with simultaneous sampling of all faunal and environmental compartments and especially in making it an international effort, we see the possibility of contributing data for the implementation of the ecosystems approach to fisheries management. Particularly, the following aspects can be addressed and would further increase the scientific value of the GSBTS:\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Combining the survey data with highly resolved data from the commercial fishery to separate the effects of fishing from natural variability.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Further interdisciplinary analyses of the entire data set. Main aspects include benthos-fish-bird-community changes over time and their relation to historic fisheries impacts, and the coupling of biological and physical habitat characterisation.\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 Collection of accompanying data (phyto-, zoo- and ichthyoplankton data) in order to make the GSBTS a true ecosystem survey in detecting temporal changes in nearly all major levels of the food web.\n\n\n'

Abstract not available

'Regime shifts in shallow lakes are often associated with anthropogenic impacts, such as land-use change, non-point source nutrient loading, and overfishing. These shifts have mostly been examined in lakes in temperate and boreal regions and within anthropogenically disturbed basins. Here, it is demonstrated that tropical floodplain lakes in a region of virtually no human disturbance naturally undergo frequent regime shifts. We demonstrate this using satellite imagery to provide a 23-year time series of 22-oxbow lakes or \xe2\x80\x9ccochas\xe2\x80\x9d along 300\xc2\xa0km of the Manu River in SE Per\xc3\xba. In any year, a majority of these lakes is in a macrophyte-free, phytoplankton-dominated state. However, over the 23\xc2\xa0years covered by images, roughly a third of the lakes experienced abrupt shifts to a floating macrophyte state. Macrophyte cover persisted for\xc2\xa0\xe2\x89\xa4\xc2\xa03\xc2\xa0year. Analysis of water level fluctuations sampled on a subset of the lakes for 1\xc2\xa0year suggests that lake isolation from streams and the main river facilitates regime shifts. Multiple forcing factors, both internal and external to the lakes themselves, could drive the observed regime shifts, but insufficient data exist from this remote region to identify the key processes.'

'The aquatic and semi-aquatic Heteroptera, consisting of the infraorders Leptopodomorpha, Gerromorpha, and Nepomorpha, comprise a significant component of the world\xe2\x80\x99s aquatic insect biota. Within these three infraorders as a whole there are currently 23 families, 343 genera and 4,810 species group taxa considered valid, of which 20 families, 326 genera and 4,656 species inhabit freshwater. In addition, more than 1,100 unequivocally diagnosed species remain to be described. Aquatic Heteroptera occur on all continents except Antarctica, and are most numerous in the tropical regions, although there are many distinctly cold-adapted genera. Overall species richness is highest in the Neotropical and Oriental regions, which harbor 1,289 and 1,103 species, respectively. In comparison to these core tropical regions, species richness is significantly lower in the Afrotropical (799 species), Australasian (654 species), Palearctic (496 species), Nearctic (424 species) and Pacific (37 species) regions. Aquatic Heteroptera are notable for utilizing an exceptionally broad range of habitats, from marine and intertidal to arctic and high alpine, across a global altitudinal range of 0\xe2\x80\x934,700\xc2\xa0m. Species may be found in almost every freshwater biotope, and many exhibit striking morphological adaptations to their aquatic environment, making them excellent subjects for ecological and biogeographic studies.'

'\nThe past failure of large-scale, rural development in Amazonia has emphasized the value of small-scale, swidden-fallow management practices. The management strategies used by indigenous cultivators are well-documented, but few studies have examined how absorption by market-based economies may affect the economic and ecological stability of the agricultural system. In this study, we provide a detailed account of swidden-fallow management as it is practiced at Las Palmeras, Amazonas, Colombia; moreover, we assessed the effect of a shift from subsistence to market-directed production. A total of 68 species were selectively managed in the swidden/fallow system. Seventy-seven percent of species at the site were managed for subsistence only, 22% were managed with a view to selling surplus at market. Only one species, Cedrela odorata, was managed solely for market production. A shift from subsistence-based to market-directed production may lower the ecological and economic stability of the system at Las Palmeras. Nonperishable production strategies, such as for timber production, appear to provide the most secure approach toward market integration.'

'Varriety use and development, seed production and storage by farmers under local conditions, and seed exchange mechanisms are presented as the three principal components of a dynamic system that forms the most important seed source of food crops for small farmers in developing countries. The information on this topic is based on a literature review and a case study. Analysis of strengths and weaknesses of local seed systems leads to the conclusion that local seed systems and the formal system are complementary. Integrated approaches in breeding, and seed production and distribution show to have promising potential for improving seed supply for small farmers.'

'It is a well-known fact that the earth\xe2\x80\x99s natural resources are rapidly being depleted, and water is probably the most important resource. A growing number of countries are facing a water deficit accompanied by increased water pollution. This review is devoted to the state of the largest lakes, which the authors regard as the most important source of continental waters.'

'Oil palm is one of the most rapidly expanding crops throughout the tropics, yet little is known about its impacts on Neotropical invertebrate biodiversity. Responses of insect assemblages to land conversion may substantially vary among taxa. We assessed geometrid and arctiine moth assemblages in a Costa Rican human dominated landscape, where oil palm plantations are now the second most common land cover. Moths were sampled during 6 months with automatic traps in the interior and margin of old-growth forests, young secondary forests and oil palm plantations in a 30\xc2\xa0km2 area. Our results show that richness and diversity of both taxa were severely reduced in oil palm compared to all other habitats. Geometrid abundance was highest in forest interiors and lowest in oil palm, while arctiine numbers did not differ between habitats. Dominance was highest in oil palm plantations, where one arctiine species and one geometrid species accounted for over 40% of total abundance in each of their respective taxa. Species composition was distinct in oil palm and forest interior sites, and depicted a gradient of habitat disturbance in ordination space that was strongly related to vegetation diversity and structure. This study demonstrates that oil palm plantations are not a suitable habitat for these moth taxa. Whilst some arctiine species seem adapted to disturbed habitats, geometrids were more dependent on old-growth forests, showing higher bioindicator potential. In the face of accelerated oil palm expansion, conservation strategies should focus on protecting old-growth forest remnants, as well as increasing species diversity and structural complexity of degraded habitats.'

'This paper presents an overview of pollination systems inOpuntia sens. lat. in the southwestern United States. The floral syndrome of large, colorful, bowl-shaped, diurnal flowers is present in all of the prickly-pear species and most of the cholla (Cylindropuntia) species in this area. Pollination by medium-sized and large bees is established for some of the species with this floral syndrome and is predicted for the others. The same floral syndrome is widespread inOpuntia in other geographical areas.\xe2\x80\x94Deviations from this floral syndrome occur in certain species of southwestern chollas, one of which has nocturnal disc-shaped flowers, and in several tropical American species groups or segregate genera with red hummingbird flowers. But such cases are relatively infrequent. Divergence between species with respect to floral syndrome and pollination system is not a common feature in the evolutionary pattern ofOpuntia.\n'

'This study argues that the climate changes resulting from the continued burning of fossil fuels at present rates will very likely initiate extinction of many terrestrial and marine species, beginning by mid-century. Under this scenario, interactions of climate change with other well-known extinction threats promise to trigger a loss of life that has not been seen since an asteroid-strike eliminated most dinosaurs 66 million years ago. Avoiding this will require a very rapid shift of both our stationary and transportation energy sectors to carbon-neutral systems.Mass extinctions, which result in loss of at least an estimated 75% of known species over a geologically short time period, are very rare in the 540 million year history of complex life on Earth. Only five have been recognized, the most recent of which occurred 66 million years ago, ending the reign of dinosaurs and opening the door for domination of the planet eventually by humans, who have now accelerated biodiversity loss to the extent that a Sixth Mass Extinction is plausible. Accelerated extinction rates up to now primarily have been due to human-caused habitat destruction and overexploitation of economically valuable species. Climate change caused by burning of fossil fuels adds a new and critically problematic extinction driver because the pace and magnitude of change exceeds what many species have experienced in their evolutionary history, and rapid climate change multiplies the already-existing threats. Particularly at risk are regions that contain most of the world\xe2\x80\x99s species, such as rainforest and coral reef ecosystems. Avoiding severe losses that would commit many species to extinction by 2100 will require transforming global energy systems to carbon-neutral ones by 2050. Currently, the transformation is occurring too slowly to avoid worst-case extinction scenarios.'

'The Mangrove Rail occupies only mangrove areas in South America. Tough present in one of the most endangered forests in the world, there is little data available on the Mangrove Rail. In this paper, I present local population trends and the latest population density estimates for the Mangrove Rail in an urban mangrove area based on two years of fieldwork conducted on the Island of Santa Catarina, southern Brazil. I have also revised the global conservation status of the Mangrove Rail based on literature and specimen records. Surveys were conducted monthly at 10 stations along a 4 km-transect. The maximum number of individuals detected was 17 (2012). Total density was around 2 rails/ha, although a signifcant increase in population occurred when the surveyed area developed from 8.7 ha to 43 ha. A strong relationship between the presence of rails records and mangrove extension was observed and already expected. Altogether, the Mangrove Rail occurs in an extent of 19,615 km2 and an area of 12,455 km2 in South America, strictly associated with mangrove forests under severe pressure by deforestation, therefore qualiflying as Vulnerable at a global level according to IUCN criteria. The results presented herein reinforce the importance of preserved wetlands for the conservation of the Mangrove Rail as well as of mangrove restoration initiatives since even areas of human intervention can be a good alternative to future adaptive management strategies and the conservation of this endangered species.'

'The Central Valley of Chile is largely occupied by a pseudo-savanna called \xe2\x80\x98espinal\xe2\x80\x99 consisting of a single dominant tree species, Acacia caven (Mol.) Mol. (Leguminosae), and some 215 annuals, most of which were inadvertently introduced from the Mediterranean Basin. The probable origin and current distribution of the \xe2\x80\x98espino\xe2\x80\x99 (Acacia caven) and the espinales in Chile are described. Predominant production systems of the espinal in both the semiarid and subhumid regions of Chile are outlined, with emphasis on the later region. Causes of the current low levels of productivity are discussed, and various strategies for long-term improvement of the espinal are presented.'

"Should forest-based climate mitigationmeasures be approved for crediting through the CleanDevelopment Mechanism (CDM), they could offer anopportunity to accomplish three important objectives:cost-effective reductions in carbon emissions andsequestration of atmospheric carbon; conservation andrestoration of forests and their biological diversity;and, the assistance of host countries and communitiesin their socioeconomic development. However,prospective investors in CDM projects, host countriesand other CDM `stakeholders' might be expected toplace widely different priorities on achieving theseobjectives. This paper describes several factors thatwill affect investor interest in CDM projects, thecharacteristics of forest-based CDM projects that willattract investments, and an approach to identifyingprojects that meet the key objectives of multiplestakeholders. This approach entails identifyingsites, such as degraded watersheds, where CDMfinancing for forest conservation and restoration cangenerate readily monetizable local and regionalsocioeconomic benefits, while mitigating carbonemissions in forests with importance for conservingbiodiversity."

'The low-level jet (LLJ) is closely related to severe rainfall events, air pollution, wind energy utilization, aviation safety, sandstorms, forest fire, and other weather and climate phenomena. Therefore, it has attracted considerable attention since its discovery. Scientists have carried out many studies on LLJs and made significant achievements during the past five or six decades. This article summarizes and assesses the current knowledge on this subject, and focuses in particular on three aspects: 1) LLJ classification, definition, distribution, and structure; 2) LLJ formation and evolutionary mechanisms; and 3) relationships between LLJ and rainfall, as well as other interdisciplinary fields. After comparing the status of LLJ research at home (China) and abroad, we then discuss the shortcomings of LLJ research in China. We suggest that this includes: coarse definitions of the LLJ, lack of observations and inadequate quality control, few thorough explorations of LLJ characteristics and formation mechanisms, and limited studies in interdisciplinary fields. The future prospects for several LLJ research avenues are also speculated.'

'The prevailing archaeological consensus on Paleoindian origins and colonization of the Americas has been shaken by recent wide acknowledgment of pre-Clovis occupation at Monte Verde, Chile, and by claims that ostensibly non-Mongoloid skeletal remains might represent a precursor population. Recent mitochondrial DNA studies have been interpreted by some as indicating an earlier and more complex peopling of the continent. This paper reviews the current archaeological and biological evidence, in America and northern Asia, for the origins of Native Americans, assesses models of the colonization process in the light of new data and a revised chronology, and suggests avenues for future research.'

'\nPasteurella multocida is a common constituent of upper respiratory tract microbiota but is frequently isolated of alpaca lung tissues from pulmonary infections. Despite its importance, very little is known about this bacteria at molecular level. In order to characterize P. multocida isolates, 24 isolates recovered from 46 mortal acute cases in young alpacas with suspected pneumonia were analyzed, using biochemical and molecular tests for capsule and LPS typing, virulence factors detection, and ERIC-PCR genetic diversity analysis. All the P. multocida isolates belonged to the capsular type A, LPS genotype L6 (related to serotypes 10, 11, 12, and 15), and possessed virulence factors gene toxA and tbpA. ERIC-PCR analysis revealed two electrophoretic profiles, and the majority of isolates (23/24) shared the same fingerprint, indicating strong evidence that there was a common source of infection for all the affect animals. This study revealed the detection of P. multocida type A, LPS genotype L6, and toxA+ and tbpA+ from dead young alpacas with pneumonia in Peru.'

'The reproductive biology of Zeyheria montana was studied through field observations of flower visitors and floral events, controlled manual pollinations, and observations of pollen tube growth and ovule penetration by fluorescence microscopy. Analysis of secretory areas of the nectar chamber was made by flower dissections and histology of serial sections. The flower lasted 6\xe2\x80\x938 days, but pollen exposure and stigma receptivity occurred only up to the end of the first and second days, respectively. Pollination was effected by several species of hummingbirds, especially Colibri serrirostris. The flowers present a rudimentary, non-functional disc, and secretion of nectar is performed by corolla-borne glandular trichomes. Only hand cross-pollinated and natural-pollinated flowers set fruits. Artificially self-pollinated and non-pollinated flowers dried off after anthesis without presenting any swelling of the ovary. Almost all the ovules in selfed and crossed pistils were penetrated 96 h after pollination. However, a delay in ovule penetration in self-pollinated pistils was verified, which indicates the occurrence of late-acting self-incompatibility.'

"Polymorphism in aposematic animals and coexistence of multiple mimicry rings within a habitat are not predicted by classical M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry. The butterfly Heliconius numata Cramer (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae; Heliconiinae) is both polymorphic and aposematic. The polymorphism is due to variation at a single locus (or `supergene') which determines colour patterns involved in M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry. We sampled 11 sites in a small area (approx. 60\xc3\x9730km) of North-eastern Peru for H. numata and its co-mimics in the genus Melinaea and Athyrtis (Ithomiinae), and examined the role of temporal and spatial heterogeneity in the maintenance of polymorphism. Colour-patterns of Melinaea communities, which constitute the likely `mimetic environment' for H. numata, are differentiated on a more local scale than morphs of H. numata, but the latter do show a strong and significant response to local selection for colour-pattern. In contrast, analysis of enzyme polymorphism in H. numata across the region revealed no spatial structure, which is consistent with a high mobility of this species. Differences in spatial variability in the two taxa may have caused H. numata to become polymorphic, while temporal variability, not significant in this study, probably has a lesser effect. The mimetic polymorphism is therefore explained by means of multiple selection-migration clines at a single locus, a similar process to that which explains narrow hybrid zones between geographic races of other Heliconius butterflies."

'I combined morphological fruit data, phenological, and demographic information for 128 plant species, with nutritional information for 78 species, to assess feeding preferences of woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagothricha lugens) in Tinigua National Park, Colombia. I used multiple and simple regression analyses to predict fruit feeding time and one index of fruit preference from 20 independent variables presumed to affect fruit choice. The results of the independent regressions indicated a trend to spend more time consuming good tasting fruits from abundant plants that produce large quantities of fruits and produce large crops. Among these variables, abundant fruit production and the astringency index are the most important variables explaining feeding times when other variables are statistically controlled in a multiple regression analysis. Furthermore, the preference index showed that woolly monkeys prefer fruits from large trees that produce in periods of fruit scarcity, with high pulp/seed ratios, low lipid contents, and clumped spatial distributions. The results suggest that woolly monkeys are primarily generalized, opportunistic frugivores that avoid some fruits with secondary compounds. Their feeding behavior is determined by many factors, but the predictive power of each one is always low (<15%). No multiple regression model explained >69% of the variation in feeding time. I suggest that a detailed quantification of secondary compounds might increase the predictive power of the models to explain fruit choice by frugivorous primates.'

"EARTHWATCH expeditions provide teachers with opportunities to work side-by-side with leading scientists, engage first-hand in scientific discovery, use innovative technology, and renew their commitment to teaching. Educators join international EARTHWATCH teams, consisting of members of the public and a research staff, to explore the intricacies of tropical and dry forests, to unearth remains from the past, to monitor endangered ecosystems and species, and to understand the cultural heritage of our world's peoples. EARTHWATCH, an international non-profit organization, sponsors more than 150 research projects in over 55 countries each year. At work in the field, EARTHWATCH teams revel in the mysteries of science and delight in the thrill of discovery. Hands-on scientific investigations inspire teachers to return to their classrooms with enlightened teaching ideas and a strong commitment to global conservation. Working closely with their students, teachers develop innovative classroom projects using the latest technology to promote international sharing of EARTHWATCH project information and subsequent lesson ideas via the Internet. Engaging the reader in six case studies, the following chapter highlights the educational potential of EARTHWATCH and the impact of technology as an innovative teaching tool in the field and the classroom."

'The most significant change in hunter-gatherer studies has been the shift from expecting hunter-gatherers to have similar properties wherever they are found to recognizing that hunter-gatherer adaptations should vary along many different dimensions. Although archaeologists approach research with different goals, there is remarkable convergence in our knowledge about hunter-gatherers past and present. The ethnographic record of recent hunter-gatherers reveals enormous variation along several dimensions. The specific combinations of characteristics displayed among hunter-gatherers are not infinitely variable but cluster as distinctive \xe2\x80\x9csystem states\xe2\x80\x9d (following Binford, Constructing frames of reference: an analytical method for archaeological theory building using ethnographic and environmental data sets, 2001) that pattern with both environmental and demographic variables at a global scale. Frames of reference based on these generalizations have implications for what archaeologists should expect for hunter-gatherers in different environmental settings, and also for how they should change over time if regional population density generally increases. Recognizing that patterns of variation at the regional scale are different from those at the global scale, I propose a hierarchical strategy for developing expectations for variation among prehistoric hunter-gatherers that can both situate the research locale with respect to global patterns of variation and acknowledge important dimensions of variation in habitat structure that are likely to condition regional variation in hunter-gatherer mobility, subsistence, and social organization.'

'There is a widespread consensus that the earth is experiencing a mass extinction event and at the forefront are amphibians, the most threatened of all vertebrate taxa. A recent assessment found that nearly one-third (32%, 1,856 species) of the world\xe2\x80\x99s amphibian species are threatened. Amphibians have existed on the earth for over 300 million years, yet in just the last two decades there have been an alarming number of extinctions, nearly 168 species are believed to have gone extinct and at least 2,469 (43%) more have populations that are declining. Infectious diseases have been recognized as one major cause of worldwide amphibian population declines. This could be the result of the appearance of novel pathogens, or it could be that exposure to environmental stressors is increasing the susceptibility of amphibians to opportunistic pathogens. Here I review the potential effects of stressors on disease susceptibility in amphibians and relate this to disease emergence in human and other wildlife populations. I will present a series of case studies that illustrate the role of stress in disease outbreaks that have resulted in amphibian declines. First, I will examine how elevated sea-surface temperatures in the tropical Pacific since the mid-1970s have affected climate over much of the world and could be setting the stage for pathogen-mediated amphibian declines in many regions. Finally, I will discuss how the apparently rapid increase in the prevalence of amphibian limb deformities is linked to the synergistic effects of trematode infection and exposure to chemical contaminants.'

'A question rarely raised in discussions on biodiversity conservation, but surely the biggest question of all, is \xe2\x80\x9cHow much time do we have left before the mass extinction underway surpasses our best efforts to contain it?\xe2\x80\x9d This prompts a further prime question because\xe2\x80\x94and unlike all other problems, whether environmental or otherwise\xe2\x80\x94the biotic crisis threatens to leave a severely impoverished planet for millions of years ahead; \xe2\x80\x9cWhy do we not undertake the necessary actions to get on top of the problem before it gets on top of us?\xe2\x80\x9d'

"Studies of interspecific competition and niche separation have formed some of the seminal works of ecology. I conducted an 18-mo study comparing the feeding ecologies of 2 sympatric, closely-related ripe-fruit specialists, Humboldt's woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha poeppigii), and the white-bellied spider monkeys (Ateles belzebuth belzebuth) in Amazonian Ecuador. Woolly monkeys in the terra firme forest live at roughly triple the density of spider monkeys (31 versus 11.5 animals/km2). Woolly monkeys spend 17% of their time foraging, while spider monkeys spend only 1% of their time foraging. Spider monkeys alone fed on soil and termitaria, which are rich in phosphorus. Woolly monkeys are not hard-fruit specialists. Their fruit diet is significantly more diverse than that of spider monkeys. Dietary overlap between the 2 species is high, yet each specializes to some degree on a different set of fruit resources. Woolly monkeys visit more food sources per unit of time, feed lower in the canopy, visit more small food patches, and prey on more seeds. Spider monkeys feed on fewer, richer food sources and are more than twice as likely to return to a particular fruit source than woolly monkeys are. Spider monkeys maximize fruit pulp intake, carrying more intact seeds in their guts, while woolly monkeys minimize seed bulk swallowed through more careful food processing. Surprisingly, several preferred spider monkey foods with high fat content and large seeds are avoided by woolly monkeys. I outline the different ecological dimensions involved in niche separation between the 2 species and discuss the possible impetus for their evolutionary divergence."

'Butterflies are widely studied due to their key ecosystem functions. For this reason, they are used in ecosystem assessment, formulating conservation plans and in raising the environmental awareness. Quantification of different factors affecting diversity of butterflies is important for their effective conservation. In this study, we investigated abiotic and biotic factors affecting species richness and community composition of butterflies along an elevational gradient in Manang region, central Nepal. We also tested if butterfly species follow the Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule. A total of 57 butterfly species belonging to 39 genera and 8 families were recorded in the study area. Out of a total of 127 plant species identified in the study region, only 67 plant species were visited by butterflies as nectar sources. Species richness of butterflies increased with increasing elevation. Species richness was significantly higher in places with shrubs compared to other places and also in autumn than in summer. Species richness of butterflies also depended on composition of plant species occurring at the localities. Butterfly species composition varied among sampling localities. It was also determined by habitat type, elevation, sampling time, plant species and interactions of elevation \xc3\x97 time. The relationship between butterfly size and elevation was in the opposite direction than expected according to the Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule. In conclusion, protection of butterfly diversity can only be achieved by protecting different habitats across the diverse physiography of the region and different plant species, in particular herbs and shrubs. Our results do not support the Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule for butterflies along an elevational gradient in our region.'

'A review is given of the literature concerning palm pollination. Results of this review indicate great diversity in pollination, but three basic syndromes are common in the family, cantharophily, mellitophily, and myophily. Anemophily appears uncommon and derived. Evidence of a close association between certain beetles and palms may be indicative of ancestral cantharophily.'

'Most plant roots are associated with glomalean fungi forming arbuscular mycorrhizas (AM) and a wide range are also colonized by ascomycetous dark septate endophytes (DSE). Bromeliaceae species can be epiphytic, rupicolous or terrestrial but their mycorrhizal status is poorly studied. We examined the AM and DSE status of 5 epiphytic and 4 terrestrial Bromeliaceae from an arid area of Central Argentina. The terrestrial species were either dually associated (AM and DSE) or non-associated whereas the epiphytes were only DSE colonized. Terrestrial Bromeliaceae that formed AM-DSE associations were likely responding to the arid conditions of the area and the availability of AM fungal (AMF) spores in the soil. The terrestrialBromelia ubaniana was not colonized either by AMF or DSE. This could reflect its root morphology and high number of root hairs. DSE are endosymbiotic in the stressful ecosystems experienced by canopy epiphytes in the studied environment. The different fungal associations are discussed in relation to the three Bromeliaceae subfamiles and we suggest that environmental features determinethe type of association formed by species in this plant family.'

'Integrating native trees in farmland can support soil, water and biodiversity conservation. This is particularly important in regions characterized by long periods of drought and soil erosion, such as the Bolivian Andes, where agroforestry with native woody species is rarely applied. Better knowledge on the effects of environmental stress on propagation and establishment of such native plants is needed to optimize their cultivation. In our study, we tested the effects of temperature and scarification on seed germination, and assessed seedling survival and juvenile growth of two potential agroforestry species (Prosopis laevigata var. andicola, Schinus molle) under diverse soil and water conditions. Temperatures above 30\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C accelerated germination, but they increased fungi infestation in the case of S. molle. The application of acid and mechanical scarification significantly improved the germination capacity of P. laevigata var. andicola. Medium to high moisture levels in sand provided the most favourable conditions for plant growth. S. molle was more sensitive to dry and P. laevigata var. andicola more vulnerable to water-saturated clay loam. Mulching enhanced the survival and growth of S. molle juveniles, but increased P. laevigata var. andicola\xe2\x80\x99s growth in sand and dry soils only. Our results may facilitate guidance on improving propagation of these two potential agroforestry species under environmental stress conditions. More generally, our study shows that easily applicable treatments, such as mulching, can significantly improve the cultivation of native species, provided that their habitat requirements and limiting factors are well known. This highlights the relevance of identifying and closing such knowledge gaps for native trees and shrubs in order to promote their potential for use in agroforestry.'

'We sequenced mitochondrial genes of otter (Lontra longicaudis and Pteronura brasiliensis) and dolphin (Inia sp.) species to provide new systematics data and to test hypotheses that offer explanations as to the Amazon\xe2\x80\x99s biodiversity. Four of the 11 hypotheses tested --Paleogeography (PH), Recent Lagoon (RLH), Hydrogeological Recent Change (HRCH), and Refugia (RH)-- support the evolution of these three species. As part of this comparative phylogenetic study, we also considered the degree of water dependence of each species. For the least water dependent of the three species, L. longicaudis, only HRCH and RH had an influence on genetic structure, although it was relatively minor. For the more water dependent otter species, P. brasiliensis, our analyses stressed the significance of a single PH event along with two lesser important PH events. However, its gene diversification basically occurred during the Pleistocene and our analyses did detect a relatively small influence of HRCH and RH. For the completely water dependent species, Inia, we detected two significant PH events. Its genetic structure was considerably more developed than in either otter species, although the Pleistocene was a very important period of genetic diversification for the pink river dolphins (HRCH and RLH). Each species has ancestors with different geographical origins and genomes with different capacities to colonize\xe2\x80\x94making it difficult to rely on a generalized hypothesis to understand the origins of the Amazon\xe2\x80\x99s extremely rich biodiversity.'

'Reproduction in many angiosperms depends on attracting animals that provide pollination and seed dispersal services. Flowers and fleshy fruits present various features that can attract animal mutualists through visual, olfactory, acoustic, and tactile cues and signals, and some of these traits may result from selection exerted by pollinators and seed dispersers. Plant attractants can provide information regarding the presence, location, and quality of the reward. However, because of the different functional outcomes of pollination and seed dispersal, pollination systems are thought to be more highly specialized than seed dispersal systems. Despite these interesting parallels and contrasts, theoretical and empirical insights in the sensory ecology of pollination and seed dispersal are rarely considered together. Here, we review extant theory and data of sensory attractants from both pollination and seed dispersal systems. We discuss theoretical and empirical similarities and differences between pollination and seed dispersal and offer suggestions for ways in which insights from each field may benefit the other in future.'

'A synopsis of the genus Cohniella is presented with nomenclatural updates with a discusion of diagnostic features and biogeographical data. Thirteen species and one natural hybrid are recognized. Two new species, Cohniella pendula and Cohniella biorbicularis, are described and illustrated. The following four new combinations are proposed: Cohniella binotii, Cohniella brachyphylla, Cohniella cepula, and Cohniella longifolia. Lectotypes are selected for Oncidium subulifolium, Oncidium helicanthum, Oncidium humboldtii, Oncidium jonesianum var. phaeanthum, Oncidium cepula, and Oncidium wittii. We also propose an amended lectotype for Epidendrum cebolleta and several epitypifications and new synonyms. A key to the genera of the Trichocentrum complex is presented (Appendix) as well as keys to the species of Cohniella.'

'This paper reviews the ecological effects of tree uprooting. In many forests, disturbance by uprooting is the primary means of maintaining species richness and diversity. Treefall may be due to exogenous factors or it may be endogenously created, although the former predominate. The canopy gap formed by downed trees is often vital to community vegetation dynamics and successional pathways, by providing high light niches (gaps) for pioneer species, by encouraging release of suppressed, shade-tolerant saplings, and through recruitment of new individuals. Nutrient cycling may be affected by uprooting as subsoil materials are brought to the surface, via additions of woody debris to the forest floor, through exposure of bare mineral soil, and by changes in throughfall chemistry. The influence of the resultant pit/mound microtopography on understorey herb distribution is largely due to microclimatic and microtopographic variation. Tree seedling distribution, however, is related to microtopography primarily through differences in soil morphology, nutrition, and moisture content of mound and pit sites.'

'Geophagy or soil ingestion is a multidisciplinary phenomenon that has attracted the attention of many researchers in recent years; who have sought to understand why a large number of animals consume natural earths. To find out why animals ingest soils, it is of paramount importance to establish standard methods to analyze comestible soil. Researchers have used different methods to examine soils ingested by animals, often with incomplete or inconclusive results. To make meaningful comparisons among studies, it is necessary to perfect research designs and establish standard methods to evaluate and analyze geophagy in animals.'

Abstract not available

'Ca\xc3\xb1ihua, Chenopodium pallidicaule, is a weedy plant cultivated by Indian fanners on the Altiplano of Peru and Bolivia. Because ca\xc3\xb1ihua is resistent to low temperatures, drought, salty soil, disease, and pests, it has achieved importance in the agricultural system, but only because it prospers where other crops are often marginal food producers. Its dual usage of seed and ash, high protein content, and function as an insurance crop explain its persistence, but its future role in Altiplano agriculture may depend on its genetic improvement.'

'In all cultures, ethnomedical practices are largely the same for animals and people, whether in mode of administration of materia medica, in the materials themselves, or in surgical, mechanical, behavioral, medico-religious, and other realms. Below, parallels between veterinary and human ethnomedical techniques are outlined. Taken together, they suggest that a number of benefits could be gained by closer collaboration between veterinary and human medicine in the delivery of basic healthcare information and services.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Central America has high biodiversity, it harbors high-value ecosystems and it\xe2\x80\x99s important to provide regional climate change information to assist in adaptation and mitigation work in the region. Here we study climate change projections for Central America and Mexico using a regional climate model. The model evaluation shows its success in simulating spatial and temporal variability of temperature and precipitation and also in capturing regional climate features such as the bimodal annual cycle of precipitation and the Caribbean low-level jet. A variety of climate regimes within the model domain are also better identified in the regional model simulation due to improved resolution of topographic features. Although, the model suffers from large precipitation biases, it shows improvements over the coarse-resolution driving model in simulating precipitation amounts. The model shows a dry bias in the wet season and a wet bias in the dry season suggesting that it\xe2\x80\x99s unable to capture the full range of precipitation variability. Projected warming under the A2 scenario is higher in the wet season than that in the dry season with the Yucatan Peninsula experiencing highest warming. A large reduction in precipitation in the wet season is projected for the region, whereas parts of Central America that receive a considerable amount of moisture in the form of orographic precipitation show significant decreases in precipitation in the dry season. Projected climatic changes can have detrimental impacts on biodiversity as they are spatially similar, but far greater in magnitude, than those observed during the El Ni\xc3\xb1o events in recent decades that adversely affected species in the region.'

"BackgroundThe impact of environmental gradients on the evolution of life history traits is a central issue in macroecology and evolutionary biology. A number of hypotheses have been formulated to explain factors shaping patterns of variation in animal mass. One such example is Bergmann's rule, which predicts that body size will be positively correlated with latitude and elevation, and hence, with decreasing environmental temperatures. A generally accepted explanation for this phenotypic response is that as body mass increases, body surface area gets proportionally smaller, which contributes to reduced rates of heat-loss. Phylogenetic and non-phylogenetic evidence reveals that endotherms follow Bergmann's rule. In contrast, while previous non-phylogenetic studies supported this prediction in up to 75% of ectotherms, recent phylogenetic comparative analyses suggest that its validity for these organisms is controversial and less understood. Moreover, little attention has been paid to why some ectotherms conform to this rule, while others do not. Here, we investigate Bergmann's rule in the six main clades forming the Liolaemus genus, one of the largest and most environmentally diverse genera of terrestrial vertebrates. A recent study conducted on some species belonging to four of these six clades concluded that Liolaemus species follow Bergmann's rule, representing the only known phylogenetic support for this model in lizards. However, a later reassessment of this evidence, performed on one of the four analysed clades, produced contrasting conclusions.ResultsOur results fail to support Bergmann's rule in Liolaemus lizards. Non-phylogenetic and phylogenetic analyses showed that none of the studied clades experience increasing body size with increasing latitude and elevation.ConclusionMost physiological and behavioural processes in ectotherms depend directly upon their body temperature. In cold environments, adaptations to gain heat rapidly are under strong positive selection to allow optimal feeding, mating and predator avoidance. Therefore, evolution of larger body size in colder environments appears to be a disadvantageous thermoregulatory strategy. The repeated lack of support for Bergmann's rule in ectotherms suggests that this model should be recognized as a valid rule exclusively for endotherms."

'The results from investigations on oribatid mites of the Gal\xc3\xa1pagos archipelago during 10 years are presented. Samples were taken on all larger and most smaller islands of the archipelago, as well as in all vegetation zones and some special habitats such as grass or cactus litter and fumaroles. A total of 202 oribatid species belonging to 64 families were encountered; among them 81 species are new to science. The Oribatida occur from the littoral zone to the summit of the volcanoes. Diversity and abundance increases from the arid to the moister zones at higher elevations. Most species prefer moist habitats at medium to higher elevations of the islands, in some parts reaching remarkably high abundances (in the Scalesia zone of Santa Cruz approximately 18 000 individuals m\xe2\x88\x922). The species richness of an island depends on the altitude and number of available habitats rather than the area of the island. Many oribatid species on the Gal\xc3\xa1pagos Islands have a wide biogeographical distribution. The majority originate from the Central and South American mainland, but several Pacific and even Holarctic elements were also found. In comparison with the species composition of the adjacent mainland, the oribatid mite fauna of the Gal\xc3\xa1pagos Islands can be regarded as disharmonic. Sea surface transportation has been proved at least between the islands, which also applies to oribatid species living at higher elevations. Long distance dispersal can be assumed to be mainly hydrochorous. The oribatid fauna of the littoral and arid vegetation zones is presented in detail. Some species even inhabit such extreme habitats as warm fern litter in fumaroles or hot volcanic soils. Others were mainly found in or near agricultural areas, suggesting human introduction. Striking distribution patterns within the archipelago are discussed. The distribution of endemic forms in the genera Aeroppia, Scapheremaeus, Scheloribates and Cultrobates indicates both speciation on different islands, as well as speciation on the same island by occupying different habitats.'

Abstract not available

'Understanding how to improve decision makers\xe2\x80\x99 use of scientific information across their different scales of management is a core challenge for narrowing the gap between science and conservation practice. Here, we present a study conducted in collaboration with decision makers that aims to explore the functionality of the mechanisms for scientific input within the institutional setting of the National Protected Area Network of Peru. First, we analyzed institutional mechanisms to assess the scientific information recorded by decision makers. Second, we developed two workshops involving scientists, decision makers and social actors to identify barriers to evidence-based conservation practice. Third, we administered 482 questionnaires to stakeholders to explore social perceptions of the role of science and the willingness to collaborate in the governance of protected areas. The results revealed that (1) the institutional mechanisms did not effectively promote the compilation and application of scientific knowledge for conservation practice; (2) six important barriers hindered scientific input in management decisions; and (3) stakeholders showed positive perceptions about the involvement of scientists in protected areas and expressed their willingness to collaborate in conservation practice. This collaborative research helped to (1) identify gaps and opportunities that should be addressed for increasing the effectiveness of the institutional mechanisms and (2) support institutional changes integrating science-based strategies for strengthening scientific input in decision-making. These insights provide a useful contextual orientation for scholars and decision makers interested in conducting empirical research to connect scientific inputs with operational aspects of the management cycle in other institutional settings around the world.'

'Pollution and the eutrophication process are increasing in lake Yahuarcocha and constant water quality monitoring is essential for a better understanding of the patterns occurring in this ecosystem. In this study, key sensor locations were determined using spatial and temporal analyses combined with geographical information systems (GIS) to assess the influence of weather features, anthropogenic activities, and other non-point pollution sources. A water quality monitoring network was established to obtain data on 14 physicochemical and microbiological parameters at each of seven sample sites over a period of 13\xc2\xa0months. A spatial and temporal statistical approach using pattern recognition techniques, such as cluster analysis (CA) and discriminant analysis (DA), was employed to classify and identify the most important water quality parameters in the lake. The original monitoring network was reduced to four optimal sensor locations based on a fuzzy overlay of the interpolations of concentration variations of the most important parameters.'

'Oil source rocks represent sequences with the Corg content ranging from 3\xe2\x80\x935 to 15\xe2\x80\x9320%. Sedimentary sections of large petroliferous basins usually include one or two such sequences, which generated liquid and gaseous hydrocarbons (HCs) during their long-term subsidence to the elevated temperature zone. The middle episode of the Late Cretaceous was marked by the accumulation of sediments with a high Corg content in different areas of the World Ocean. However, truly unique settings favorable for accumulation of the sapropelic organic matter (OM) appeared at continental margins that primarily faced the Tethys Ocean. The La Luna Formation is one of the best known source rock sequences responsible for the generation of liquid HCs in basins of the Caribbean region. In the Persian Gulf, the Kazhdumi Formation composed of marls and clayey limestones is considered the main oil-generating sequence. In the Paleogene after closure of the Tethys, the Pacific continental margins became the main domains that accumulated source rocks. The maximal deposition of sapropelic OM in this region corresponded to the early-middle Eocene. In the Neogene, the accumulation of source sediments was associated with deltas and submarine fans of large rivers and with upwelling zones. In basins of the Californian borderland, the main oil-generating sequences are represented by siliceous rocks of the Monterey Formation. They were deposited in a regional upwelling zone related to the cold California Current.'

'The highland region or Northwestern Argentina (NWA) is one of the southernmost areas of native maize cultivation and constitutes an expansion of the peruvian Andes sphere of influence. To examine the genetic diversity and racial affiliations of the landraces cultivated in this area, 18 microsatellite markers were used to characterize 147 individuals from 6 maize races representative of traditional materials. For the whole data set, a total of 184 alleles were found, with an average of 10.2 alleles per locus. The average gene diversity was 0.571. The observed patterns of genetic differentiation suggest that historical association is probably the main factor in shaping population structure for the landraces studied here. In agreement with morphological and cytogenetic data, Bayesian analysis of NWA landraces revealed the occurrence of three main gene pools. Assessment of racial affiliations using a combined dataset including previous data on American landraces showed a clear relationship between one of these gene pools and typical Andean races, whereas the remaining two gene pools exhibited a closer association to Caribbean accessions and native germplasm from the United States, respectively. These results highlight the importance of integrating regional genetic studies if a deeper understanding of maize diversification and dispersal is to be achieved.'

Abstract not available

'Mesoamerican metallurgy furnishes an intellectual challenge in the development of world metallurgies: the evidence indicates that it was introduced from outside after state level societies had been flourishing in many areas. Two questions thus emerge: one concerns its origins, the second concerns what peoples did with this entirely new, unknown material. The evidence thus far indicates that metalworking knowledge and techniques were introduced from northern South America, which focused on lost-wax casting, as well as from the central Andes, where cold work from an initial cast blank was a predominant feature of that technology. Here I summarize what we know to date about the tradition that developed in the west, including some very new on-going research.'

'The ungurahua palm (Oenocarpus bataua subsp.bataua) is widely used throughout the Amazon Basin for its thatch, fibers, wood, and edible fruits. The fruits of this species are especially important to indigenous peoples and yield a high quality oil. This study examines the use of this species by the Siona people of the Ecuadorian Amazon in the Cuyabeno Faunistic Reserve. The reproductive phenology, fruit production, and relationship between vegetative characteristics and fruit production is explored here. Fruit production varies greatly from palm to palm with a range of approximately 500\xe2\x80\x937000 fruits biennially. This amounts to approximately 700 kg/ha every two years. Height, diameter breast height (dbh), and number of leaves on an individual are poor predictors of tree productivity. Reproductive histories of individual palms are examined. The economic potential of this species and the implications of overharvesting are discussed.'

'Certain patterns in soil bacterial diversity and community composition have become evident from metagenomics studies on a range of scales, from various parts of the world. For example, soil pH has generally been seen as dominating variation in bacterial diversity, above all other soil and climate parameters. It is important however to test the generality of these relationships by studying previously un-sampled areas. We compared soil bacterial diversity and community composition under a wide range of climatic and edaphic conditions in mountainous Yunnan Province, SW China. Soil samples were taken from a range of primary forest types and altitudes, reflecting the great variation of forest environments in this region. From each soil sample, DNA was extracted and pyrosequenced for bacterial 16S rRNA gene identification. In contrast to other recent studies from other parts of the world, pH was a weaker predictor of bacterial community composition and diversity than exchangeable Ca2+ concentration, and also the more poorly defined environmental parameter of elevation. Samples from within each forest type clustered strongly, showing the distinctive pattern of their microbial communities on a regional scale. It is clear that on a regional scale in a very heterogeneous environment, additional factors beyond pH can emerge as more important in determining bacterial diversity.'

'The initial domestication of plants and animals and the subsequent emergence of agricultural economies in different world regions represent a major evolutionary transition in human history. Here, two alternative and antithetical explanatory frameworks for initial domestication are compared\xe2\x80\x94one based on diet breadth modeling and the other on niche construction theory. This side-by-side comparison of these two alternative explanations follows them through the basic sequence of stages involved in the scientific method: hypothesis formulation, plausibility consideration, and actual testing of the two hypothetical explanations by measuring their relative strengths with the available archaeological and paleoenvironmental data from two independent centers of domestication in the Americas\xe2\x80\x94eastern North America and the Neotropics. Although focused on the question of initial domestication, this comparative analysis also addresses the broader issues of the appropriate role of theory in the development of hypotheses of past human behavior and the proper use of the scientific method in archaeological inference. Explanations based on diet breadth modeling are found to have a number of conceptual, theoretical, and methodological flaws; approaches based on niche construction theory are far better supported by the available evidence in the two regions considered.'

'Pulmonary infections in the returned traveller are a common presentation. A wide variety of infections may present with pulmonary symptoms. It is important for clinicians to differentiate the cause of these symptoms. The risk of contracting certain travel-related pulmonary diseases depends on travel destination, length of stay, activities undertaken and co-morbidities. Some pathogens are found worldwide, whilst others are related to specific locations. This review article will discuss the approach to diagnosing and treating pulmonary infections in the returned traveller.'

'The frequent occurrence of sympatric series of closely related plant species in tropical rainforests has evoked claims for and against the application of the competitive exclusion principle in these ecosystems. Narrow niche limits defined by biotic as well as abiotic specialization have been reported for sympatric species of the same genus or family. In Amazonian lowland rainforests this question deserves renewed attention because: (1) the existence of edaphically defined community types has recently been well established, and (2) spatio-ecological niche segregation of congeneric species may help explain not only the maintenance of the high Amazonian alpha-diversity, but also its origin through sympatric ecological speciation. In this study, the morphology, ecology, and distribution patterns of two species,Clidemia epiphytica andC. longifolia (Melastomataceae), from western Amazonia, were analyzed. The aims were to find out whether they really are two distinct taxonomic species and if so, whether they also can be considered biological species; if the species are sympatric; and if they are ecologically specialized. The results showed that the morphological variation of the species seems continuous, but that they exhibit opposite morphological responses to variation in soil cation concentration, which suggests that they also are separate biological species. Furthermore, the species occur sympatrically but in different habitats. It is suggested that a part of the enigma of sympatric congeners in rainforests may be explainable by spatial segregation stemming from ecological specialization in relation to subtle environmental variation. It is hypothesized that the studied species are a good candidate case of sympatric speciation driven by ecological specialization.'

'The aim of this paper is to generate information to assist in the archaeobotanical recognition of post-harvest processing activities related with different enhancement and consumption patterns of quinoa in the Central Andes. Enhancement of the grains involves what local people call \xe2\x80\x9cmejorado de los granos\xe2\x80\x9d. Their main purpose is to reduce as far as possible the presence of saponins, a toxic metabolite, in the grain. Ethnobotanical data were recorded in the village of Villa Candelaria (Southern Bolivian highlands) through the application of standard ethnographic techniques. The types of grain enhancement vary depending on the meal that people want to prepare. We registered three different quinoa enhancements based on intended consumption, (1) as a whole seed, (2) in soups or (3) as pitu (a kind of toasted refined flour). Laboratory analysis aimed at identifying distinctive features of grains in different processing stages, as well as evaluating the effects of charring. For both desiccated and charred remains, quinoa processed for pitu can be distinguished from that for whole seed/soup. As a case study, archaeological grains of the pre-Inka site of Churupata, located 3\xc2\xa0km from Villa Candelaria, were interpreted as quinoa prepared for consumption as whole seed/soup.'

Abstract not available

'Foreign assistance helps developing countries to achieve economic growth through wise use of natural resources. Conservation interventions and sustainable use of natural resources play a central role in this development. Conservation and utilization of genetic resources have traditionally proceeded as separate approaches. A conceptual approach to project design is presented encouraging greater interaction between those conserving crop genetic resources and those seeking their economic application in a sound land-use management plan. Projects illustrating this approach are being supported by the Agency for International Development. They suggest a paradigm for research and development allowing interdisciplinary activities targeting sustainable agriculture development.'

'A new species of bat in the genus Myotis (Vespertilionidae, Myotinae) is described from the Choc\xc3\xb3 ecoregion on the western slope of the Andes in northwestern Ecuador. The genus Myotis comprises a diverse group of small to large-sized vespertilionid bats distributed worldwide. Twelve South American species are recognized currently, 6 of which occur in Ecuador. Morphological relationships among the new species and the other 12 South American species of Myotis were examined using 15 cranial and 5 external characters. Both qualitative and quantitative analyses found the new species to be distinct. As an aid to future identifications, we provide a key to the Ecuadorian species of Myotis.'

'The recent accumulation of cytogenetic evidence on the ancestry of the earliest domesticated plants provides an empirical test of the relative importance of independent invention and diffusion in the origin and spread of agriculture. The most parsimonious interpretation of the data is that plant species were domesticated no more than a few times, and perhaps only once, in the Near East and Mexico. Multiple domestications of species may have taken place in the central Andes, but it is impossible to say whether any such cases were truly independent, because of the scantiness of the archaeological as well as botanical record. Evidence from other agricultural centers is limited, and does not negate the conclusion that multiple independent domestications within regions were rare, while domestications of the same species or genus in different regions did not occur as frequently as some authorities have claimed. The prevailing tendency to interpret archaeological sequences as almost entirely the result of local in situ development is not entirely in accord with theory, nor with the genetic evidence summarized here.'

'The recent proliferation of Andean archaeological research presents new interpretive opportunities for reconstructing different aspects of Inka origins. Early colonial historiography reveals that \xe2\x80\x9cInka origins\xe2\x80\x9d refers to multiple aspects of the past, including the first appearance of Andean people, Inca ancestors, and the imperial title. The intellectual history of Inka archaeology demonstrates the lasting influence of Spanish colonial interpretive values, even with the gradual introduction of new scientific methods during the 20th century. Since 1970, significant advances in the archaeology of Cuzco, the Inka capital region, and other parts of the Andes have established an independent database that highlights the long-term and regional aspect of Inka origins, as well as areas where interpretive questions remain. The shift from colonial chronicles to archaeological data improves the accuracy of reconstructions of Inka origins, but it also raises some epistemological questions for the future relationships between history and archaeology in the study of ancient empires.'

Abstract not available

'This paper reviews the research on land use change and its corresponding ecological responses. Patterns of land use changes in spatio-temporal level are produced by the interaction of biophysical and socio-economic processes. Nowadays, the studies derived from different socioeconomic conditions and scales show that at short-term scale, human activities, rather than natural forces, have become a major force in shaping the environment, while biophysical factors control the trends and processes of land use change under the macro environmental background. Providing a scientific understanding of the process of land use change, the impacts of different land use decisions, and the ways that decisions are affected by a changing environment and increasing ecological variability are the priority areas for research: (1) explanation of scale dependency of drivers of land use change; (2) quantification of driving factors of land use change; (3) incorporation of biophysical feedbacks in land use change models; and (4) underlying processes and mechanisms of ecological impacts of land use change.'

Abstract not available

'We provide a documented record for the Acre Antshrike Thamnophilus divisorius, an endemic species of Serra do Divisor, in the Amazon Forest of Peru. Four birds responded to playback and a female was captured in mist-nets. This is the fourth documented record of this species in the world, 28 km north of the nearest previous record. We comment on the current distribution of this species between Peru and Brazil and the possible threats that it might face in the near future.'

'The term adaptive radiation has been recurrently used to describe evolutionary patterns of several lineages, and has been proposed as the main driver of biological diversification. Different definitions and criteria have been proposed to distinguish an adaptive radiation, and the current literature shows disagreements as to how radiating lineages should be circumscribed. Inconsistencies increase when authors try to differentiate a clade under adaptive radiation from clades evolving under \xe2\x80\x98regular\xe2\x80\x99 speciation with adaptation, a pattern anticipated and predicted by the evolutionary theory in any lineage. The most important disagreement is as to which evolutionary rate (phenotypical or taxonomical) authors analyze to characterize a radiation; a discussion embedded in a prevailing inability to provide mechanistic explanations of the relationship among evolutionary rates. The union of pattern and process in the same term, the inadequacy of reported null hypotheses, and the frequent use of ad hoc comparisons between lineages have also contributed to the lack of consensus. A rigorous use of available terms and the articulation of solid criteria with objective methodologies in distinguishing evolutionary patterns are imperative. Given the difficulties in detecting adaptation, the use of the \xe2\x80\x98adaptive\xe2\x80\x99 term to qualify a radiation should be avoided unless methodologically tested. As an unambiguous method to distinguish radiating lineages, the statistical detection of significant increases in taxonomic diversification rates on monophyletic lineages can be considered a distinctive signature of a radiation. After recognizing this pattern, causal hypotheses explaining them can be stated, as well as correlates with other rates of evolution.'

'BMC Ecology showcases the winning entries from its second Ecology Image Competition. More than 300 individual images were submitted from an international array of research scientists, depicting life on every continent on earth. The journal\xe2\x80\x99s Editorial Board and guest judge Caspar Henderson outline why their winning selections demonstrated high levels of technical skill and aesthetic sense in depicting the science of ecology, and we also highlight a small selection of highly commended images that we simply couldn\xe2\x80\x99t let you miss out on.'

'Most Americans are at least three generations removed from the farm, thereby at least three generations removed from the reality of where their food comes from. Not surprisingly, there are many misconceptions about modern food production, including the potential collateral environmental damage attributed to agriculture, particularly the application of pesticides. However, the implication of conventional agriculture in the broader narrative of wildlife species status outcomes (SSOs) lacks context and relativity. Since the dawn of civilization, humans have had a profound impact on their environment. Originating as hunter-gatherer societies, our ancient ancestors initially exploited anything that could be consumed or brought to bear. With the advent of the \xe2\x80\x9cfirst proto-farmers,\xe2\x80\x9d humans began manipulating their environments to maximize available resources. Urban centers propagated and flourished proximal to agricultural origins, where modern societies have been built primarily on an abundance of food. As societies \xe2\x80\x9cdeveloped,\xe2\x80\x9d and continue to develop, an inevitable economic transition occurs from agriculture to industry/service predominance, culminating in a corresponding shift in land use. Developed countries have typically experienced maximal expansion of the agricultural frontier, where farmland is now steadily eroding by a proverbial flood of urban development. In contrast, in developing countries, this shift in economic development has not yet fully manifested and the agricultural footprint continues to expand at the expense of native habitats. Thus, the relative influence of \xe2\x80\x9cagriculture\xe2\x80\x9d on SSOs, in terms of land use, is primarily dependent on economic developmental status, which can be, at least in part, ameliorated via technology by increasing yield from existing land. Moreover, in addition to the land use challenge, there are multiple other factors affecting wildlife SSOs, including a figurative plague of invasive species, a literal plague of disease, a barrage of buildings, bumpers, grilles, and windshields to collide with, light pollution to confuse cues with, poachers to contend with, and even more complicated factors such as climate change. Being an easy target does not mean pesticides are the right target, and this fixation can potentially detract from public awareness regarding the primary drivers affecting SSOs as well as the opportunity to proactively address them. So, relatively speaking, how do these other factors compare to \xe2\x80\x9cpesticides\xe2\x80\x9d in terms of driving SSOs? Moreover, why is the popular media so fixated on the pesticide narrative? Based on the available evidence, this manuscript attempts to address these questions from a holistic and relative perspective within the context of land use change, economic development, population growth, and associated implications of global connectivity and commerce.'

Abstract not available

'Assemblages of plants were studied at 14 sites in northern Patagonia corresponding to localities at which we (Monjeau et al. 1997) earlier studied the relationship between small mammal assemblages and landscape classifications. This allowed us to test predictions that both plants and small mammals correspond to the more inclusive hierarchical landscape divisions but that plants track better than small mammals the less inclusive divisions. Species presence or absence of plants at each locality was used in a series of multivariate analyses and compared by correlation analysis with those generated from small mammal species data. Assemblages of both plants and small mammals corresponded to the upper divisions, which are based on climatic and geomorphological features, but small mammal assemblages did not correspond to the lower divisions of the landscape classifications. Three factors are considered as explanations for the observed differences between plants and small mammals: a) small mammal habitat is determined more by plant growth form than by plant species; b) trophic level differences between the two groups; and c) species pool size affects the resolution of microhabitat correspondence. Our data indicate that both plant assemblages and small mammal assemblages respond to climatic and geomorphological features, which is in contrast to the paradigm that mammal assemblages simply follow plant assemblages. We also attempted to reconcile classification systems in Patagonia by proposing a nomenclatural system based on a hierarchical classification. In the system proposed, ecoregion is the lowest division small mammal assemblages can recognize in Patagonia. Finally, we conclude that the hierarchical nature of landscapes based on a holistic view of environments reflects real entities that are not just the perceptions of landscape ecologists.'

'We describe a new species of small-eared shrew, genus Cryptotis Pomel, 1848 (Eulipotyphla: Soricidae), from near the community of Monteverde in the Tilar\xc3\xa1n highlands of northwestern Costa Rica. The new species is immediately distinguished from all other Costa Rican shrews its large size and long tail. Morphologically, it belongs to the Cryptotis thomasi group of small-eared shrews, a clade that is more typically distributed in the Andes Cordillera and other highland regions of northern South America. The new Costa Rican species and the Panamanian endemic Cryptotis endersi Setzer, 1950 are the only two members of this species group known to occur in Central America. Like most other members of the C. thomasi group for which the postcranial skeleton has been studied, the new species tends be more ambulatory (rather than semi-fossorial) when compared with other members of the genus. Our survey efforts over several decades failed to locate a population of the new species, and we discuss its conservation status in light of its limited potential distribution in the Tilar\xc3\xa1n highlands and the significant climatic change that has been documented in the Monteverde region during the past four decades.'

'This study analyses the perceptions of Zoque indigenous men and women of changes in climate variability, indicated by rainfall and temperature records from the region. Peasant farmers perceive decreases in rainfall and increases in temperature as these factors are related to modifications in the corn planting season and the introduction of crops which were usually only found in hot regions. The climate changes in the zone are attributed to vegetation loss and the eruption of the Chich\xc3\xb3n volcano in 1982. The Zoque perception is structured according to cultural and individual experience, tied to agriculture and the annual weather calendar. The volcanic eruption offers a significant chronological reference point in order to explain different environmental transformations, such as climate, within Zoque territory. Perception is the mental picture of local climate variability changes and the responses in seasonal agriculture modifications, utilizing individual and cultural experiences which are vulnerable to economic and environmental change.'

'The residual kaolin deposits near Lastarria, South-Central Chile, were formed by weathering of subvolcanic quartz porphyry stocks, which intruded the metamorphic basement of the Coastal Cordillera. The clay fractions (<2 \xc2\xb5m) consist mainly of poorly-ordered, very fine-grained kaolinite and lath-shaped illite (17\xe2\x80\x9338 wt. %) with minor amounts of quartz, sanidine, and goethite. A sample from the top of the deposit contains major quantities of gibbsite morphologically indistinguishable from kaolinite flakes. The gibbsite-free clays contain 35.5\xe2\x80\x9336.6 wt. % Al2O3, 0.4\xe2\x80\x932.6 wt. % Fe2O3, 1.3\xe2\x80\x933.9 wt. % K2O, and have low TiO2 concentrations (<0.02 wt. %). The absence of quartz veining, the abundance of melt inclusions, and the scarcity of secondary fluid inclusions in quartz phenocrysts from altered rocks imply a lack of significant hydrothermal activity in the quartz porphyries. The \xce\xb4 18O and \xce\xb4D values of the kaolins indicate formation in a weathering environment at significantly higher annual mean air temperatures (\xe2\x88\xbc12\xc2\xb0C) than present mean temperatures of \xe2\x88\xbc9.4\xc2\xb0C. Uplift of the region alone probably cannot account for the change in climate. The stable isotope composition of gibbsite is consistent with an origin of desilication of kaolinite at superficial temperatures. Various criteria proposed to distinguish supergene from hypogene kaolins are discussed.'

Abstract not available

'The study site is located in the southern part of the Iturralde Province, Department of La Paz, in western Bolivia. This area is generally characterized by mixed vegetation types from the tropical mountain forests as well as lowland forests and savannas. It lies in an altitudinal range of 400\xe2\x80\x931850 m, with an average temperature of 24\xe2\x80\x9328\xc2\xb0C and a rainfall of 2000\xe2\x80\x935000 mm per year. The richness in palms of this region is the highest reported for Bolivia; it comprises 19 genera, 70% of all genera known in Bolivia and 29 palm species (34%). Three main phytogeographic elements are mixed and integrated in the area; palms from the Andean, Amazonian, and Central Brazilian (Cerrado) units are found in approximately 4.5 ha. Nearly 66% of these palm species are concentrated in the mountain forests between 500\xe2\x80\x931800 m, reaching the highest altitudinal limit in this area, of which the most common species is Iriartea deltoidea. Approximately 55% of the palm species are used by local people \xe2\x80\x94 the original ethnic group, the Tacanas, and settlers\xe2\x80\x94 in order to get materials for construction, different qualities of thatching, fruit for food and beverages, fibres for artesanal products, medicines and handicrafts.'

'Conservation biogeography involves the application of biogeographical principles and methods to conservation issues. The identification of areas of endemism is important for both historical biogeography and conservation. Mygalomorphs spiders have poor vagility, limited dispersal mechanisms and sedentary habits. In this study we use a panbiogeographical approach (through track analysis) and the optimality criterion (NDM) to analyze the distributional patterns in order to identify areas of endemism and to prioritize areas for conservation in Argentina. We identified seven generalized tracks and four biogeographical nodes. The analysis of the 2\xc2\xb0 matrix examined by NDM allowed the identification of eight areas of endemism; from the analysis of the 1.5\xc2\xb0 matrix, NDM resulted in three areas of endemism; and the analysis of the 1\xc2\xb0 and 0.5\xc2\xb0 matrices identified one area of endemism each. The more relevant areas identified in this study were located at the Atlantic Forest, Pampa, Monte and Chaco. Other identified areas were Yungas and the hilly systems of Ventania and Tandilia (southern Pampa). We suggest that these results can indicate where to prioritize investment in creating new protected areas, in order to preserve the processes that generate the biogeographic patterns exhibited by this biota.'

'A study is presented of the Hospital de la Sangre account books in Seville at the Archivo Hispalense for the period 1546 to 1601, to verify purchases of potatoes (Solanum tuberosum) during that period. Potatoes were bought regularly in the Seville market from 1580 onwards, with the first record appearing in 1573 thus agreeing with Salaman\xe2\x80\x99s conclusion that potatoes became established in Spain by about 1570. Purchases were confined almost entirely to December and January each year, lending weight to the hypothesis that these were short day adaptedS. tuberosum ssp.andigena, actually grown in Spain and forming tubers in the short days at the end of the year. If potatoes had been imported for direct consumption from South America shipping records indicate that they could have arrived in Seville at all times of the year. A listing of other fruits and vegetables bought in the Seville market shows a wide range of mostly mediterranean crops with some of Near Eastern origin and certain spices imported through Lisbon from the Ear East. Surprisingly, very few New World crops are mentioned.'

"The plant collecting trip by H. H. Rusby and R. W. Squires in early 1896 to the lower R\xc3\xado Orinoco, Venezuela, was sponsored by The Orinoco Company Limited, which was promoted by many residents of Faribault, Rice Co., Minnesota, U.S.A. In February 1896, the company formed an exploring party in order to map a large concession of approximately 10,000,000 acres that they had received from the Venezuelan government and to prospect the mineral deposits, study the vegetation, and ascertain the conditions affecting colonization of the concession. The botanical work was entrusted to Rusby, who with the assistance of Squires and an unnamed laborer from Trinidad, collected almost 500 numbers of vascular plants in sets as large as thirty-two. Rusby indicated that he spent only 51 days in the field and lost a week of that time to an accident that befell the explorers. He was less constrained than the Minnesotans (who were promoting development), and he wrote that botanical exploration was hampered also by the inundation of the forests and savannahs with each tide, the lack of trails, and the large numbers of annoying insects and poisonous snakes. An annotated catalog of 43 new taxa of vascular plants based on Rusby and Squires's collection is provided. Lectotypes are designated forTachigalia rusbyi Harms (Fabaceae),Cupania semidentata Radlk. (Sapindaceae), andSolanum sacupanense Rusby (Solanaceae). A gazetteer of the localities cited in Rusby's field book and in publications pertaining to the Orinoco trip is appended."

'The AustralianDaphnia (D. occidentalis, D. jollyi, D. lumholtzi, D. carinata, D. nivalis, andD. cephalata) include representatives from three distinct groups within the genus. The worldwide distribution of species within these three groups is consistent with a Gondwanan or pre-Gondwanan origin for each group. These data suggest an even more ancient origin for the genusDaphnia.The finding thatD. cephalata must have been separated fromD. carinata since Gondwanan times is consistent with recent biochemical data on the phylogenetic relations of AustralianDaphnia, but contrasts with electrophoretic evidence of continuing hybridization between these two taxa. It is suggested that continued gene exchange between otherwise discrete species, or clonal complexes, ofDaphnia may be maintained for millions of years, partly as a result of the varying degrees of cyclical parthenogenesis, and partly as a result of the highly fragmented population structures, found in these taxa.'

'The paper describes some general structural and functional characteristics of actual Chilean farming systems managed by small farmers (campesinos) with traditional technologies. Campesino farming systems can be divided into two major groups: (a) small-scale (no more than 1 ha) intensive systems with a wide array of tree annual crops and 3\xe2\x80\x934 animal species per farm; and (b) extensive semi-commercial systems (5\xe2\x80\x9312 ha) composed of diversified combinations of crops and animals designed to increase production, producing a marketable surplus for the local community. In most systems campesinos include trees (whether for food, fodder, wood, construction materials, fuel, etc.) as integrated elements of farm management constituting agro-forestry systems. Understanding these traditional farming systems, and the rationales behind their management is an important first step towards the ultimate development of appropriate agricultural technologies attuned to the ecological and socio-economic circumstances of the Chilean campesinos.'

'\nA Systematic Approach to Species\xe2\x80\x93Level Identification of Chile Pepper (Capsicum spp.) Seeds: Establishing the Groundwork for Tracking the Domestication and Movement of Chile Peppers through the Americas and Beyond The chile pepper (Capsicum spp.), a plant held in great esteem throughout history, was independently domesticated in a series of places including highland Bolivia, central Mexico, the Amazon, the Caribbean, and other locales with a particularly long history of cultivation and use in the central Andes of South America. Though identification of chile pepper species through fruit morphology is possible and has been utilized by botanists studying modern and archaeological specimens, species\xe2\x80\x93level identification of Capsicum seeds has remained undetermined. Given the greater abundance of seed remains in the archaeological record due to the higher likelihood of preservation, the ability to identify specific Capsicum domesticates has profound implications for tracking the domestication and spread of chile peppers prehistorically through the Americas and historically through trade and exchange to the rest of the world. This article presents a systematic procedure to identify Capsicum seeds to the species level created by adopting a morphometric approach to compare attributes of modern Capsicum seeds to archaeological seeds.'

'It is suggested that dispersal and vicariance led to speciation in Mesoamerican taxa during the Pleistocene, as a consequence of climatic fluctuations and resulting range disjunctions, but few biogeographic studies have been developed to assess their relative roles. Based on a mitochondrial DNA dataset, we analyzed the evolutionary history of Turdus assimilis, a species distributed in Mesoamerica and northwestern South America. Phylogenetic patterns, divergence times, and biogeographic analyses suggest a South American ancestor for T. assimilis, which split from T. albicollis between 1.4 and 3.0\xc2\xa0Ma ago. The analysis suggests the colonization of Mesoamerica and the Choc\xc3\xb3 region by small numbers of founder individuals. Furthermore, genetic divergence, reciprocal monophyly, an ancient disjunction, and clear phenotypic differences suggest that the population from the Choc\xc3\xb3 region, T. a. daguae, represents a separate species from T. assimilis.'

Abstract not available

'The Amazon River and its large tributaries are bordered by floodplains covering tens of thousands of square kilometers. Studies on the structure, function, and species composition have allowed a classification of the macrohabitats of Amazonian white-water floodplains, rich in suspended matter and nutrients and of neutral pH (v\xc3\xa1rzea). Here we describe the use of a similar approach to classify the macrohabitats of the black-water floodplains, rich in humic substances, poor in nutrients and acidic (igap\xc3\xb3) of the Negro River and its black-water tributaries. With 12 subclasses and 25 macrohabitats, the igap\xc3\xb3 is less complex than the v\xc3\xa1rzea. Although white-water and black-water rivers are subjected to similar flood regimes, the low sediment load and shallower declivity of the Negro River lead to reduced sedimentation and erosion processes. Differences in nutrient levels between both ecosystems influence species composition, richness, and growth rates of higher plant communities. Species richness is lower in igap\xc3\xb3 than in v\xc3\xa1rzea, and wood increment and litter production of igap\xc3\xb3 trees is about half that reported for v\xc3\xa1rzea trees. In addition, igap\xc3\xb3 lacks highly productive herbaceous plant communities that are common in v\xc3\xa1rzea. The classification of igap\xc3\xb3 macrohabitats provides a valuable tool for the elaboration of sustainable management strategies and conservation. While many v\xc3\xa1rzea macrohabitats are suitable for small-scale agriculture, animal husbandry, forestry and commercial fisheries, the carrying capacity of igap\xc3\xb3 is limited and allows only for subsistence-level fishery and agriculture, the capture of ornamental fishes, and ecotourism. We argue that the biota of most igap\xc3\xb3 macrohabitats is highly sensitive to changes in hydrological cycles as caused by river damming and/or by climate change.'

Abstract not available

'There are at least 86 species of troglomorphic fishes belonging to 18 families. Some of those families are characterized by features that can be labeled as preadaptations to the hypogean life; others are not. The level of structural reduction in eye development and pigmentation is highly variable, even within some populations. Reduction in number and complexity of scales does occur but has yet to be fully documented. Reduction in the size and structure of the swim(gas)bladder may be another troglomorphic feature. There is considerable doubt on the taxonomic position of many species of troglomorphic fishes given that a number of them have been described solely on the basis of morphology while genetically they may be very closely correlated to genera different from those they have been assigned to. Geographically speaking there are no evident patterns since many of those species are not found in karstic areas but in phreatic waters. These fishes represent an excellent example of convergent evolution.'

'BackgroundSpecies richness and composition pattern of amphibians along elevation gradients in eastern Nepal Himalaya are rarely investigated. This is a first ever study in the Himalayan elevation gradient, the world\xe2\x80\x99s highest mountain range and are highly sensitive to the effects of recent global changes. The aim of the present study was to assess amphibian community structure along elevation gradients and identify the potential drivers that regulate community structures. Amphibian assemblages were sampled within 3\xc2\xa0months in both 2014 and 2015 (from May to July) using nocturnal time constrained and acoustic aids visual encounter surveys. In total, 79 transects between 78 and 4200\xc2\xa0m asl were sampled within 2\xc2\xa0years field work. A combination of polynomial regression, generalized linear models, hierarchical partitioning and canonical correspondence analysis were used to determine the effects of elevation and environmental variables on species richness, abundance, and composition of amphibian communities.ResultsSpecies richness and abundance declined linearly with increasing elevation, which did not support the Mid-Domain Model. Among all the environmental variables, elevation, surface area and humidity were the best predictors of species richness, abundance and composition of amphibians. The majority of amphibian species had narrow elevation ranges. There was no significant correlation between species range size and elevation gradients. However, body size significantly increased along elevation gradients, indicating that Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule is valid for amphibians in eastern Nepal Himalaya.ConclusionsThis study indicates that eastern Nepal Himalaya is a hotspot in amphibian diversity, and it should be served as a baseline for management and conservation activities.'

'Maize has for many decades been both one of the most important crops worldwide and one of the primary genetic model organisms. More recently, maize breeding has been impacted by rapid technological advances in sequencing and genotyping technology, transformation including genome editing, doubled haploid technology, parallelled by progress in data sciences and the development of novel breeding approaches utilizing genomic information. Herein, we report on past, current and future developments relevant for maize breeding with regard to (1) genome analysis, (2) germplasm diversity characterization and utilization, (3) manipulation of genetic diversity by transformation and genome editing, (4) inbred line development and hybrid seed production, (5) understanding and prediction of hybrid performance, (6) breeding methodology and (7) synthesis of opportunities and challenges for future maize breeding.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Peatlands are widely distributed throughout northeast China and form a large carbon (C) pool. The main types include plain wetlands and alpine peatlands. Compared to the former, the historical development and C dynamics of the alpine peatlands are still not well understood. In this study, a total of nine peat cores from the Great Hinggan, Changbai and Fenghuang Mountains were collected and dated by 210Pb and 137Cs techniques. All samples were analysed for organic matter content through loss on ignition (LOI) and three core samples from Motianling peatland were further analysed for total organic carbon (TOC) by elemental analysis. A linear model between LOI and TOC was established as TOC\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.405\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa0LOI\xc2\xa0+\xc2\xa00.968 (R\n2\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.7828, P\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa00.0001) which is recommended for estimating organic C content and assessing C accumulation in the peatlands of northeast China. This conversion equation could lead to a 17.8\xc2\xa0% overestimate of RERCA compared to elemental C determination, but it is preferable to using a conversion coefficient of 0.5, which could result in a 36.3\xc2\xa0% overestimate than elemental analysis. The recent rate of C accumulation (RERCA) in the alpine peatlands is estimated between 128.85 and 203.73\xc2\xa0g C m\xe2\x88\x922 year\xe2\x88\x921 and the average C storage per unit area is calculated as 31\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa09\xc2\xa0kg C m\xe2\x88\x922 over the past 200\xc2\xa0years. These are significant additions to the plain wetlands and this knowledge is helpful in forming a complete picture of C sequestration in wetlands of this region. Within-site difference for average RERCA reflects the need for a multi-core study of C accumulation in peatlands and between-site comparison of RERCA shows that the average RERCA increases towards the higher latitude. This pattern is mainly controlled by the peatland types. Results here will be useful to evaluate the C sequestration potential in peatlands and improve our understanding the response of alpine peatland ecosystems to projected climate change.'

'Microbial communities in coastal subsurface sediments play an important role in biogeochemical cycles. In this study microbial communities in tidal subsurface sediments of Balramgari in the state of Orissa, India were investigated using a culture independent approach. Two 16S rDNA cloned libraries were prepared from the closely located (100 m along the coast) subsurface sediment samples. Library I sediment samples had higher organic carbon content but lower sand percentage in comparison to Library II. A total of 310 clone sequences were used for DOTUR analysis which revealed 51 unique phylotypes or operational taxonomic units (OTUs) for both libraries. The OTUs were affiliated with 13 major lineages of domain bacteria including Proteobacteria (\xce\xb1, \xce\xb2, \xce\xb4 and \xce\xbb), Acidobacteria, Actinobacteria, Cyanobacteria, Chloroflexi, Firmicutes, Verrucomicrobia, Bacteroidetes, Gemmatimonadetes and TM7. We encountered few pathogenic bacteria such as Aeromonas hydrophila and Ochrobactrum intermedium, in sediment from Library I. \xe2\x88\xab-LIBSHUFF comparison depicts that the two libraries were significantly different communities. Most of the OTUs from both libraries possessed \xe2\x89\xa585% to <97% similarity to RDP database sequences depicting the putative presence of new species, genera and phylum. This work revealed the complex and unique bacterial diversity from coastal habitat of Balramgari and shows that, in coastal habitat a variability of physical and chemical parameter has a prominent impact on the microbial community structure.'

'The intricate relationship between biodiversity loss and human well-being is increasingly being understood in ecological and economic terms. Despite the knowledge of the multiple dimensions of this relationship and its importance, species and ecosystems are still disappearing at an alarming rate. Anthropogenic pressures are the prime reason for this trend, yet attempts to reduce such pressures and conserve species in protected areas have only achieved limited success. This has led to the realization that sustainable consumptive use approaches that can combine production and conservation functions are also important in conserving biodiversity in human-dominated landscapes. Agroforestry, as part of a multifunctional working landscape, can play a major role in conserving and even enhancing biodiversity from farms to the landscape level in both tropical and temperate regions of the world. This special issue is an attempt to bring together a collection of articles that not only explore and demonstrate the biodiversity benefits of agroforestry, but also the mechanisms by which agroforestry systems sustain such high floristic and faunal diversity. While it is important to conserve biodiversity in protected areas, the articles in the special issue reiterate the importance of agroforestry as a critical tool in conserving biodiversity in human-dominated landscapes.'

Abstract not available

'Mapping geographic trends in biodiversity is a key step in conservation planning, which has been mainly focused on taxonomic criteria or species of particular concern. More recently, higher consideration of ecosystem functioning has been advocated, allocating more attention to traits and functional diversity of species assemblages. Carnivorans (Mammalia: Carnivora) are charismatic, albeit threatened, species that variously affect ecosystem functioning through consumptive processes, and whose functional diversity depends on traits associated with their trophic habits and energetic requirements. Yet, analyses of spatial trends in the diversity and vulnerability of carnivoran assemblages have mostly focused on taxonomic and phylogenetic criteria. Then, the present study assessed the vulnerability of the functional richness of South American carnivoran assemblages, both at continental and regional levels. As a first diagnostic of vulnerability, the form of the association between functional richness and species richness (FRS) was assessed through simulations. The resulting nearly linear association indicated low functional redundancy and high sensitivity to global extinctions. A more realistic FRS accounting for actual extinction threats exacerbated losses of functional richness. Further, a positive correlation between effect and response traits suggests non-compensatory responses to environmental stressors by functionally redundant species and, thus, sensitivity of carnivoran functional richness to ongoing trends in land conversion and habitat degradation. Regionally, functional richness paralleled latitudinal gradients in species richness, but vulnerability did not entirely match these variables in space, nor did it risk estimates that accounted for regions\xe2\x80\x99 conservation status. This suggests regional differentiation in conservation priorities, complementing existing taxonomically oriented prioritization schemes.'

'Most species of the neotropical genusSiphocampylus are believed to be bird-pollinated. The pollination biology ofSiphocampylus sulfureus was studied in a montane region in SE Brazil. This species has features intermediate between ornithophilous and chiropterophilous syndromes: it presents a striking combination of yellowish flowers with strong odour (chiropterophilous features), and diurnal anthesis and sucrose-dominated nectar (ornithophilous features). Major pollinators were hummingbirds by day, and a phyllostomid bat by night.Siphocampylus sulfureus may be viewed as a recent derivate from the presumed ornithophilous stock within sect.Macrosiphon, and thus benefits from the activity of both diurnal and nocturnal vertebrate pollinators.'

'Addictive \xe2\x80\x9csocial drugs\xe2\x80\x9d that are derived from plants range from reputable stimulants (e.g., coffee and tea) to stigmatized and dangerous preparations (e.g., ephedrine and cocaine). Both legal and illicit global trade has increased the geographic distribution of plants from which the principal social drugs are obtained. In turn, this range expansion increased opportunities to transfer genes controlling production of high levels of secondary chemicals because of increases in overlapping geographic distributions with sexually compatible domesticated, wild, and weedy relatives. We review the literature for evidence that the introduction of these chemicals into ecosystems could occur through gene flow in ten common, addictive, social drug crops: coca, coffee, cola, ephedra, khat, marijuana, opium poppy, tea, tobacco and yerbe mat\xc3\xa9. From the published literature of the potential evolutionary and environmental consequences of gene flow from popular social drug crops, we also analyse the subsequent unintended ecological or evolutionary consequences, such as increased weediness, loss of genetic diversity in sexually compatible wild relatives, or health and fitness consequences for herbivores of these crops. Given the rapid industrialization of many of these crops, we identify knowledge gaps and call for renewed attention to the study of their ecology and evolution.'

'The links between population growth, resource use, and environmental quality are too complex to permit straightforward generalizations about direct causal relationships. Rapid population growth, however, has increased the number of poor people in developing countries, thus contributing to the degradation of the environment and the renewable resources of land, water, and nonhuman species on which humans depend. Demands of the rich industrial countries have also generated environmental pressures and have been foremost in the consumption of the so-called nonrenewable resources: fossil fuels, metals, and minerals. On the other hand, population and economic growth have also stimulated technological and management changes that help supply and use resources more effectively. Wide variations in the possible ultimate size of world population and technological change make future interrelationships of population, resources, and the environment uncertain as well as complex. But those interrelationships are mediated largely by government policies. Responsible governments can bring about a sustainable balance in the population/resource/environment equation by adopting population and development policies that experience has shown could reduce future population numbers in developing countries below the additional five billion indicated in current United Nations medium projections, coupled with proven management programs in both developing and developed countries that could brake and reverse the depletion and degradation of natural resources.'

'The Amazon basin is widely recognized for its high biological and cultural diversity, enabling the provision of many ecosystem services. This study explores social perceptions of some of the features of biodiversity and ecosystem services in a tropical forest in Sangay Parish, Ecuador. Following a survey of residents, we identified three groups whose perceptions vary in relation to socioeconomic characteristics, cultural backgrounds, lifestyles, and the benefits obtained from the Sangay forest. Mestizo professionals, with a better socioeconomic situation, identify more regulation and cultural services; Shuar farmers have a comprehensive knowledge of biodiversity features and rely on provisioning services; and Shuar gatherers consume more forest products but are the least likely to formally recognize ecosystem services. We emphasize the importance of identifying social groups within a population and understanding their particular characteristics and perspectives before developing conservation and land use planning policies.'

"This article reports on findings of a research project examining farmers' coping strategies in the Brazilian Amazon in response to El Ni\xc3\xb1o related weather events. We examine the extent of vulnerability of small and large farmers to these events in a tropical rainforest environment. Little attention has been given to the impact of ENSO events in Amaz\xc3\xb4nia, despite evidence for devastating fires during ENSOs. Although we found a range of locally developed forecasting techniques and coping mechanisms, farmers have sustained significant losses, and we suggest that increased access to scientific forecasts would greatly enhance the ability of the farmers in our study area to cope with El Ni\xc3\xb1o related weather events.In Amaz\xc3\xb4nia the El Ni\xc3\xb1o phase of the El Ni\xc3\xb1o-Southern Oscillation (ENSO) climate pattern leads to an extended period of reduced rainfall (Hobbs et al., 1998). This period of reduced rainfall can result in significant agricultural losses for farmers and ranchers in the area and in increased forest flammability. We have found that the majority of our study population uses several methods of forecasting, coping with, and adapting to drought events \xe2\x80\x93 and they recognize the economic losses they can experience and the loss of forests through the accidental spread of fire. The poorest farmers in our study area experience El Ni\xc3\xb1o related drought events as a serious threat to their livelihoods. Their vulnerability is heightened during extreme climate events and our observations revealed that all of the farmers in our study would benefit from increased availability of improved forecast information relevant to their locality and their current farming strategies. This paper examines the availability and use of forecasts, the occurrence of accidental fires and techniques to prevent fire related losses, and the coping mechanisms for dealing with El Ni\xc3\xb1o related drought in the agricultural regions surrounding the cities of Altamira and Santar\xc3\xa9m, in Par\xc3\xa1 State, Brazil. Distribution of an El Ni\xc3\xb1o Prediction Kit at the end of the study and a series of workshops may lead to better local information on rainfall variability and create a farmer-maintained grid of collecting stations to sensitize farmers to the variability of precipitation in the region, and on their property."

'\nIsla Victoria (Nahuel Huapi National Park, Argentina), a large island dominated by native Nothofagus and Austrocedrus forest, has old plantations of many introduced tree species, some of which are famed invaders of native ecosystems elsewhere. There are also large populations of introduced deer and shrubs that may interact in a complex way with the introduced trees, as well as a recently arrived population of wild boar. Long-standing concern that the introduced trees will invade and transform native forest may be unwarranted, as there is little evidence of progressive invasion, even close to the plantations, despite over 50 years of opportunity. Introduced and native shrubs allow scattered introduced trees to achieve substantial size in abandoned pastures, but in almost all areas neither the trees nor the shrubs appear to be spreading beyond these sites. These shrub communities may be stable rather than successional, but the technology for restoring them to native forest is uncertain and probably currently impractical. Any attempt to remove the exotic tree seedlings and saplings from native forest would probably create the very conditions that would favor colonization by exotic plants rather than native trees, while simply clear-cutting the plantations would be unlikely to lead to regeneration of Nothofagus or Austrocedrus. The key to maintaining native forest is preventing catastrophic fire, as several introduced trees and shrubs would be favored over native dominant trees in recolonization. Deer undoubtedly interact with both native and introduced trees and shrubs, but their net effect on native forest is not yet clear, and specific management of deer beyond the current hunting by staff is unwarranted, at least if preventing tree invasion is the goal. The steep terrain and shallow soil make the recently arrived boar a grave threat to the native forest. Eradication is probably feasible and should be attempted quickly.'

Abstract not available

' is scarcely visited by hummingbirds, a fact that may be related to its low flower production and nectar features.'

'Shifting agriculture (SA) involving fallow intervals between crop cycles is common in tropical areas. It allows the recovery of soil fertility for subsequent crops. However, the diminishing of fallow intervals (referred here as intensification of SA) is a main cause of forest degradation. Agroforestry systems (AFSs) based on modification of mature forests may play an important role in buffering adverse environmental outcomes caused by short fallow intervals in SA. We investigated whether AFSs reverse the effect of intensification of SA in cocoa (Theobroma cacao) agrosystems and aimed to (1) characterize species diversity in cocoa agroecosystem under SA with short fallow periods; (2) predict the ecological impact of intensification of SA on floristic composition, particularly in endangered endemic species; and (3) identify whether changes in floristic composition and species diversity in agroecosystems under different fallow intervals are localized in certain strata or whether structural changes occur throughout the plant community. Our study revealed that shortened SA\xe2\x80\x99s fallow periods on cocoa AFSs have drastic effects on levels of diversity. Tree species assembly decreases across cocoa agroforest established in reduced fallow periods. Also, absence of fallow intervals of SA affects tree conservation rates in AFSs by changing floristic composition. Nevertheless, the use of AFSs with complex arboreal structures under SA preserves and protects higher rates of native and endangered endemic species and delays forest degradation rates. The conservation of native species in this agricultural model may meet the requirements to reverse the cycle of land degradation and social deprivation.'

'The bocachico, Prochilodus nigricans, is a commercially important fish distributed throughout the central and western Amazon. Age and growth of this species in eastern Ecuador were determined by otolith and scale increment analyses. For otolith analyses, we used thin sections of the astericus, and clear visualization of annuli required the use transmitted polarized light. Accuracy and precision of age estimation were compared to select the best ageing structure. Precision indices showed that otoliths are more reliable than scales to determine the age of bocachicos. Based on marginal increments analysis, we found that annulus formation in both structures occurs once a year between August and December. Seasonal changes in growth were associated with hydrological cycle of the river. The Ecuadorian Prochilodus at the juvenile\xe2\x80\x93adult stage grew faster (i.e., K\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.29 for ages 2 and older) than conspecific populations from Bolivia and Brazil (K\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.5). In addition, annual mortality rate (A\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00. 56) was lower than reported for Prochilodus populations elsewhere in the Amazon. We conclude that this population is presently not overexploited, but conservation and management schemes for this population will need to consider that it is an international, trans-boundary migrant.'

'Cosmic impact is a category of natural catastrophe neglected or misunderstood by most archaeologists in reconstructions of past human population dynamics. We discuss the nature of impact by asteroids and comets and what is known and theorized about the Quaternary Period impact record. As case studies for our exploration of how archaeological method and theory can be productively applied to the study of cosmic impact, we focus on two confirmed Holocene asteroid impacts in central and northeastern Argentina, Rio Cuarto and Campo del Cielo, both likely dating between 6 and 3\xc2\xa0cal ky BP. We model and assess the potential destructive effects of these impacts on contemporary hunting and gathering populations using several lines of evidence. The search for Quaternary Period cosmic impacts, along with the documentation of the effects of confirmed cosmic impacts on human populations, particularly of those organized in small-scale social groups, represents a challenge and key opportunity for future archaeological research.'

Abstract not available

'Global warming and attendant climate change have been controversial for at least a decade. This is largely because of its societal implications since the science is largely straightforward. With the recent publication of the Fourth Assessment Report of the United Nations\xe2\x80\x99 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (Working Group 1) there has been renewed interest and controversy about how certain the scientific community is of its conclusions: that humans are influencing the climate and that global temperatures will continue to rise rapidly in this century. This review attempts to update what is known and in particular what advances have been made in the past 5\xc2\xa0years or so. It does not attempt to be comprehensive. Rather it focuses on the most controversial issues, which are actually few in number. They are:\n\nIs the surface temperature record accurate or is it biased by heat from cities, etc.?\n\n\nIs that record significantly different from past warmings such as the Medieval Warming Period?\n\n\nAre human greenhouse gases changing the climate more than the sun?\n\n\nCan we model climate and predict its future, or is it just too complex and chaotic?\n\n\nAre there any other changes in climate other than warming, and can they be attributed to the warming?\n\nFinally there is a very brief discussion of the societal policy response to the scientific message. Note that much of the introductory material in each section is essentially the same as that which appears in Keller 2003 (hereafter referred to as OR\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa0original review) and its update (Keller 2007). Despite continued uncertainties, the review finds an affirmative answer to these questions. Of particular interest are advances that seem to explain why satellites do not see as much warming as surface instruments, how we are getting a good idea of recent paleo-climates, and why the twentieth century temperature record was so complex. It makes the point that in each area new information could come to light that would change our thinking on the quantitative magnitude and timing of anthropogenic warming, but it is unlikely to alter the basic conclusions.'

Abstract not available

' The need for studies on helminth communities of South American amphibians was addressed by examining changes in composition and population dynamics of the helminth component and infracommunities in the frog Lysapsus limellus Cope, 1862, from 1994 to 1996. Two pond types were considered, one permanent and one semipermanent. The main goals of this study were (1) to investigate the relationships between pond type, season, study time, frog body size, and frog sex and the presence-absence and counts of helminth parasite species in the frog host, L. limellus, and (2) to examine the co-occurrence of the different parasite species in the frog host in terms of the structure, assembly, and dynamics of the helminth infracommunity. Parasite presence and absence were analyzed using logistic regression and parasite counts were analyzed using log-linear modeling. To examine the association between parasite species, a principal components analysis was carried out on the correlation matrix for the counts. The pattern of co-occurrences was also examined through a randomization test. The main results were as follows: (1) five parasite species were found in the infracommunity; (2) the pond type and the host size class were the principal factors related to the presence and absence of parasites for the three dominant species, while the year of study and the host sex were only important for one of the species; (3) for the parasite counts, many more factors were significant, with body size class and pond type always important factors for the three core species of the infracommunity, with season, year of study, and sex also sometimes important, and (4) strong associations were observed between some helminth species of the host from the permanent pond, but the same species did not co-occur in frogs in the semipermanent pond. The life histories of the five species can be considered as opportunistic or "r strategists."'

'\nPeperomia boekei, an endemic from Peru, andPeperomia antioquiensis, Piper perpusillum, andPiper valdivianum, all known only from the Department of Antioquia (Colombia), are described and illustrated, and their relationships are discussed. A new combination,Piper enckeaespicum (Trel. & Yuncker) Callejas, is proposed.'

'The high biological diversity of tropical forests has been attributed to various biogeographic mechanisms promoting diversification. Among these, the riverine barrier hypothesis postulates that populations of a species that become isolated on opposite sites of a major river may gradually diverge to form separate lineages. Brown spider monkeys (Ateles hybridus) are Critically Endangered primates are currently distributed along both banks of the Magdalena River in Colombia. Based on their pelage coloration, populations of A. hybridus on opposite sides of the river have been proposed to belong to two different subspecies: A. h. brunneus on the west bank and A. h. hybridus on the east bank. We sequenced portions of the noncoding HVI region of the mitochondrial D-loop (N = 41) and the COII gene (N = 35) from a total of 51 individuals from populations along both banks of the Magdalena River with the goal of evaluating the role of the river as a barrier to gene flow in this endangered primate. Mitochondrial DNA haplotypes were shared between populations on both banks and we found no evidence of highly structured populations occupying opposite banks of the river, suggesting that the Magdalena River has not acted as an insurmountable barrier for brown spider monkeys. Population genetic analyses also reveal likely gene flow between banks, and only a minor portion of the genetic variation currently found in brown spider monkeys can be explained by the river acting as a barrier or by isolation by distance. Our study provides evidence suggesting that the Magdalena River has not acted as a major barrier influencing the evolution of brown spider monkeys and suggests that the subspecific taxonomy of one of the most endangered primates in the world may need reexamination.'

'Interest in bean genetic resources of Central America has resumed because of disease pressures (e.g., web blight, BGMV) and limitations of current bean varieties. As most of the diversity in landraces has been explored, focus is now on the exploration of wild forms of the primary gene pool and wild species of the secondary gene pool. A germplasm collection was carried out in the field and resulted in the collection of 29 wild populations for six Phaseolus species; it complemented field work done in 1987. Nine more populations were found for P. costaricensis, 10 for wild P. lunatus, one for P. oligospermus, one for P. tuerckheimii, four for wild P. vulgaris and four for P. xanthotrichus. Ninety-three herbarium voucher specimens were collected for 19 populations of the six species (deposited at CR). These results confirm the presence of wild P. vulgaris on both slopes of the central valley of Costa Rica, namely in the life zones bh-MB and bmh-P, and of P. costaricensis in the life zone bmh-MB. These life zones of limited range in Costa Rica have been heavily modified, thus fully justifying the germplasm collection for ex situ conservation. For both species the range of distribution in Costa Rica has been almost completely sampled. The life characteristics of each species that are relevant for their conservation in situ are briefly reviewed. Distribution ranges of each wild bean species are compared with the present extension of national parks, protected areas and fauna/flora sanctuaries, and suggestions for expanding such protected areas are made.'

'Humans utilise about 40% of the earth\xe2\x80\x99s net primary production (NPP) but the products of this NPP are often managed by different sectors, with timber and forest products managed by the forestry sector and food and fibre products from croplands and grasslands managed by the agricultural sector. Other significant anthropogenic impacts on the global carbon cycle include human utilization of fossil fuels and impacts on less intensively managed systems such as peatlands, wetlands and permafrost. A great deal of knowledge, expertise and data is available within each sector. We describe the contribution of sectoral carbon budgets to our understanding of the global carbon cycle. Whilst many sectors exhibit similarities for carbon budgeting, some key differences arise due to differences in goods and services provided, ecology, management practices used, land-management personnel responsible, policies affecting land management, data types and availability, and the drivers of change. We review the methods and data sources available for assessing sectoral carbon budgets, and describe some of key data limitations and uncertainties for each sector in different regions of the world. We identify the main gaps in our knowledge/data, show that coverage is better for the developed world for most sectors, and suggest how sectoral carbon budgets could be improved in the future. Research priorities include the development of shared protocols through site networks, a move to full carbon accounting within sectors, and the assessment of full greenhouse gas budgets.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'In order to assess the importance of seed dispersal (escape and colonization hypotheses), I used transplant experiments for seeds and seedlings of 5\xe2\x80\x9311 plant species with fleshy fruits in a lowland tropical forest (Tinigua National Park, Colombia). I controlled seed density, distance to parental tree, and habitat type. I monitored seed removal, seedling survival, and seedling growth during the first year of development for an average of 554 seeds and 169 seedlings for each species. I supplemented the experimental results with measurements of natural recruitment. I found little support for the escape hypothesis during the seed and seedling stages. For six species that showed differences in seed removal associated with distance, five showed highest removal away from, than close to parent trees, suggesting predator satiation. Seedling survival during the first year was not consistently associated with low densities and long distances from parent trees. For the majority of species, seedlings did not survive flooding in low basins, and there was growth advantage for most plant species in canopy gaps. These differences imply advantages for seed dispersal to adequate habitats, as predicted by the colonization hypothesis. In contrast to experiments, strong negative distance-dependent effects were evident when analyzing natural recruitment patterns. The ratio between saplings and seedlings was higher away from parent trees for the species with enough recruitment to be analyzed and this suggests that a negative distance-dependent effect may also occur after seedling establishment. This pattern is suspected for several other species, but an analysis with some of the other most common trees showed a variety of negative, neutral, and positive distance dependent effects. This study emphasizes the importance of long-term studies to asses the role of seed dispersal.'

'BackgroundThe molecular phylogenetic relationships and population structure of the species of the Anopheles triannulatus complex: Anopheles triannulatus s.s., Anopheles halophylus and the putative species Anopheles triannulatus C were investigated.MethodsThe mitochondrial COI gene, the nuclear white gene and rDNA ITS2 of samples that include the known geographic distribution of these taxa were analyzed. Phylogenetic analyses were performed using Bayesian inference, Maximum parsimony and Maximum likelihood approaches.ResultsEach data set analyzed septely yielded a different topology but none provided evidence for the seption of An. halophylus and An. triannulatus C, consistent with the hypothesis that the two are undergoing incipient speciation. The phylogenetic analyses of the white gene found three main clades, whereas the statistical parsimony network detected only a single metapopulation of Anopheles triannulatus s.l. Seven COI lineages were detected by phylogenetic and network analysis. In contrast, the network, but not the phylogenetic analyses, strongly supported three ITS2 groups. Combined data analyses provided the best resolution of the trees, with two major clades, Amazonian (clade I) and trans-Andean\xe2\x80\x89+\xe2\x80\x89Amazon Delta (clade II). Clade I consists of multiple subclades: An. halophylus\xe2\x80\x89+\xe2\x80\x89An. triannulatus C; trans-Andean Venezuela; central Amazonia\xe2\x80\x89+\xe2\x80\x89central Bolivia; Atlantic coastal lowland; and Amazon delta. Clade II includes three subclades: Panama; cis-Andean Colombia; and cis-Venezuela. The Amazon delta specimens are in both clades, likely indicating local sympatry. Spatial and molecular variance analyses detected nine groups, corroborating some of subclades obtained in the combined data analysis.ConclusionCombination of the three molecular markers provided the best resolution for differentiation within An. triannulatus s.s. and An. halophylus and C. The latest two species seem to be very closely related and the analyses performed were not conclusive regarding species differentiation. Further studies including new molecular markers would be desirable to solve this species status question. Besides, results of the study indicate a trans-Andean origin for An. triannulatus s.l. The potential implications for malaria epidemiology remain to be investigated.'

'Seed dispersal is known to play an important role in the ecology and evolution of plant communities, and there is ample evidence that seed dispersal by primates influences plant population dynamics in tropical forests directly. We used nonparametric statistical methods to estimate the dispersal kernels, i.e., the probability that a seed is moved a particular distance, generated by woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagothricha lugens) at a sub-Andean forest in Colombia and test the hypothesis that the time of feeding influences dispersal distances. We collected data on monkey ranging patterns with the aid of global positioning system (GPS) units and obtained information on gut retention times from behavioral follows to build a model based on the kernel density estimator. Woolly monkeys drop most seeds hundreds of meters from parent trees and only a small proportion of seeds within close proximity. The time of seed ingestion had a significant effect on dispersal kernels, with seeds from fruits consumed early in the day having a greater chance of landing farther away from the tree than seeds swallowed in the late afternoon. The results of this study build on previous findings suggesting that woolly monkeys have a positive effect on the fitness of plants, which may be exacerbated in mountain forests where the diversity of large frugivores is low.'

Abstract not available

'The environmental services that agroforestry practices can provide, and especially their potential contribution to the conservation of biodiversity, have only recently attracted wider attention among agroforestry and conservation scientists. This new view is consistent with the ecosystem approach to natural resource management advocated by the Convention on Biological Diversity. This collection of six papers, which is based on a Workshop held in June\xe2\x80\x93July 2004, brings together studies of biodiversity impacts of traditional agroforestry practices from Central and South America, Africa and Asia. The contributions highlight the considerable potential of traditional agroforestry practices to support biodiversity conservation, but also show their limits. These include the importance of sufficient areas of natural habitat and of appropriate hunting regulations for maintaining high levels of biodiversity in agroforestry land use mosaics, as well as the critical role of markets for tree products and of a favourable policy environment for agroforestry land uses. In combination the case studies suggest that maintaining diversity in approaches to management of agroforestry systems, along with a pragmatic, undogmatic view on natural resource management, will provide the widest range of options for adapting to changing land use conditions.'

'The ability of seeds to regenerate from soil seed banks has long been recognized as a key survival strategy for plants establishing new niches in highly variable climates of alpine environments. However, the fundamental aspects of evolutionary/selective forces for seed bank development in alpine ecosystems are largely unknown. Here, we developed a model that describes dormancy, a high temperature requirement and a specific light/darkness regime at the time of seed shedding can preclude autumn germination, thus contributing to seed persistence until the next growing season. The benefits of these factors synchronising germination with the growing season are reviewed. Additionally, the importance of climatic variations of maternal environment affecting some of these factors is also discussed. It is suggested that the environmental conditions during the growing season partly control the seed persistence and seeds that fail to germinate are carried over to the next season. Species that have small (<3\xc2\xa0mg) and round-shaped seeds tend to persist more easily in soil for over 5\xc2\xa0years, than do the large or flat seeds. However, some large-seeded species also have the potential to establish short-term persistence bank. A literature survey reveals 88\xc2\xa0% of the alpine seeds have a mass <3\xc2\xa0mg. Seed size has only a weak relationship with mean germination timing (MGT) indicating that reduced persistence in large-seeded species cannot be counteracted by quicker germination, but combined effects of other factors stimulating germination remain an open area to be studied. It is proposed that long distance dispersal (LDD) is limited in most-but not all-species, primarily due to the absence of specialized dispersal structures. However, among numerous dispersal modes, most species tend to be dispersed by wind. Thus, spermatophytes of alpine environments have a greater tendency to establish seed banks and spread the risk of germination to many years, rather than being dispersed to other micro-climates.'

'Colombia is a megadiverse country with about 600 species of reptiles; however, there are few studies on species of hemoparasites found in this taxonomic group. Here, we document the presence of Plasmodium spp. in four species of reptiles from the northern part of the Orinoco-Amazon region in Colombia. Individuals analyzed in this study were captured in localities between 200 and 500\xc2\xa0m altitude, in the department of Guaviare. Each sample was screened for haemosporidian parasites by using morphology and a nested polymerase chain reaction (PCR) protocol that targets the mitochondrial cytochrome b (cytb) gene. Four morphotypes of the genus Plasmodium were found; two of these species are re-described using morphological and molecular data (cytb). For the other two morphotypes, it was not possible to assign a described species. Among those, Plasmodium screened one species was only detected by microscopy. Considering the potential species diversity, it is possible that commonly used primers may not detect all species, reinforcing the importance of using microscopy in haematozoa surveys. There was no correspondence between the morphological traits associated with the subgenera and the phylogenetic relationships that we found in our analyses. Additionally, we found an expansion in the geographical distribution of these two species, and a new host for P. kentropyxi, demonstrating that studies of tropical herpetofauna and their parasites deserve more attention.'

Abstract not available

'As reforestation and restoration processes gain momentum across the world native tree species are being established for production, conservation and restoration purposes in agricultural landscapes. One such tree with promise is dinde [Maclura tinctoria (L.) D. Don ex Steud]; a multi-purpose, Neotropical tree species that is being widely introduced on to farms of the coffee axis region in the Latin American Andes. No formal studies have been made that examine its potential for reforestation. In this study we aim to measure and define the relationships between age, bole size (dbh), tree height, and crown size of planted dinde trees for the development of spacing guidelines at time of planting and for thinning. We also sought to identify whether tree growth is influenced by various measures of soil fertility. We studied these relationships on dinde trees planted at twelve farms in the central Andean foothills of Colombia. Our results are the first to show dinde has comparable growth to other native and exotic trees used for reforestation in Latin America. Strong relationships exist for tree age and diameter at breast height (DBH) with crown size and height. Based on these relationships we developed spacing and thinning guidelines for timber production in plantation and silvo-pastoral circumstances. Soils were generally fertile but varied between farms. Growth varied with soil primarily related to pH and calcium, and secondly to soil nitrogen and organic matter. Our results provide preliminary information for the forester and/or the farmer on expected growth and size relationships for given ages in relation to soil fertility for planted trees. As more trees are planted on a wider array of soils and providing a greater diversity of ages further studies are necessary for refining guidelines.'

'Bipolar moss species, extreme examples of large and disjunctive geographical ranges, belong to the most important components of the vegetation cover in Antarctica. Their appropriate taxonomic interpretations are essential for fine-scale biogeographical considerations but our knowledge on their phylogenetic affinities still remains limited. Here, we address the history of the Antarctic populations of Drepanocladus longifolius, a moss species widely considered a bipolar taxon. First, based on a worldwide sampling, we verify its assumed bipolar status. Then, we ask whether its current Antarctic populations have persisted throughout at least the last major glaciation in situ or, alternatively, are they a recent, postglacial element. Phylogenetic analyses together with investigation of morphological characters were used to infer relationships among accessions representing the whole distribution range of the taxon. Morphological and phylogenetic data strictly segregated specimens from the Southern and the Northern Hemisphere, with an exception of Australian populations that were included in the latter group. The Antarctic, sub-Antarctic and South American populations belong to a single clade and are treated as D. longifolius s. str., which consequently is not a bipolar taxon. All Northern Hemisphere populations and the ones from Australia represent D. capillifolius, a lately neglected taxon, which thus displays a true bipolar distribution pattern but not comprising the Antarctic and South American populations. These results provide a sound example of key importance of a detailed taxonomical and phylogenetic treatment as a basis for biogeographical studies. In D. longifolius s. str., a homogeneity in all non-coding nuclear and plastid regions was observed throughout the whole range. It contrasted with the presence of one missense mutation in the rps4 gene in all examined Antarctic populations, which correlated with their distinct ecological situation. While identity of non-coding sequences in D. longifolius populations indicates a postglacial recruitment of extant Antarctic populations from extra-regional locations rather than a long-term in situ survival, the mutation in the rps4 gene may be hypothesised to reflect an adaptive response of plants to the Antarctic environment.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Mountain systems are unique for studying the responses of species distribution and diversity to environmental changes along elevational gradients. It is well known that free-living diazotrophic microorganisms are important to nitrogen cycling in mountain systems. However, the elevational patterns of free-living diazotrophs and the underlying ecological processes in controlling their turnover along broader gradients are less well documented. Here, we investigated the pattern of diazotrophic diversity along the elevational gradient (1800 m-4100 m) in Mount Gongga of China. The results showed that the \xce\xb1-diversity of diazotrophs did not change with the elevation from 1800 m to 2800 m, but decreased at elevations above 3000 m. Such diversity pattern was driven mainly by soil total carbon, nitrogen, and plant richness. Various diazotrophic taxa showed differential abundance-elevation relationships. Ecological processes determining diazotrophic community assemblage shift along the elevations. Deterministic processes were relatively stronger at both low and high elevations, whereas stochastic processes were stronger at the middle elevation. This study also suggested a strong relationship among aboveground plants and diazotrophs, highlighting their potential interactions, even for free-living diazotrophs.'

'\xe2\x80\x82Calceolaria uniflora and C. polyrhiza differ markedly in flower structure, color, and in their pollination mechanisms. Flowers of C. polyrhiza have a hidden glandular oil-secreting appendage that in the genus typically attracts bee pollinators, while in C. uniflora this is replaced by an external, white and fleshy structure that functions as food body and attracts a bird pollinator. Populations with intermediate flower morphology, presumably hybrids, were found in several sites over a large area of southern Patagonia, Argentina. The intermediate forms have so far been found always in contact or close proximity with typical populations of both presumed parent species. The distribution pattern and phenetic intermediacy in several independent flower characters strongly suggest widespread interspecific hybridization in the range of geographic overlap of the two species. The pattern of variation of intermediate forms in some sites is indicative of a hybrid swarm and possible introgression. Of particular interest is the range of intermediate structures and positions of the flower appendage, between oil gland and food tissue, that can be found in hybrid populations. The observed phenomenon raises several questions concerning the biological mechanisms generating it and its evolutionary consequences.'

'A new species of isosporan parasite is described from the faecal contents of the buff-throated foliage-gleaner Automolus ochrolaemus and the olive-backed foliage-gleaner A.\xc2\xa0infuscatus collected in the rainforests of eastern Ecuador. Sporulated o\xc3\xb6cysts are subspherical to ovoidal, 23.4\xc3\x9721.3 (18\xe2\x80\x9328\xc3\x9717\xe2\x80\x9324)\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm, colourless, with a smooth, double-layered wall with the inner layer darker and thinner; the shape-index (length/width) is 1.1 (1\xe2\x80\x931.22). O\xc3\xb6cysts contain one polar granule, but lack a micropyle and an o\xc3\xb6cyst residuum. Sporocysts are ovoidal, 15.4\xc3\x979.9 (14\xe2\x80\x9317\xc3\x97\xe2\x80\x9311)\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm, with a smooth single-layered wall and a small nipple-like Stieda body attached to a small, inconspicuous, acentric substieda body. Sporozoites are vermiform with one prominent posterior, refractile body (c. 4\xc3\x975\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm), and a centrally located nucleus of equal size. Sporozoites are randomly arranged in the sporocysts with a subspherical sporocyst residuum composed of coarse granules.'

'All members of Triatominae subfamily (Heteroptera: Reduviidae), potential vectors of Trypanosoma cruzi, etiologic agent of the Chagas disease, feed on blood. Through evolution, these bugs have fixed special morphological, physiological, and behavioral aptations (adaptations and exaptations) adequate to feed on blood. Phylogeny suggests that triatomines evolved from predator reduvids which in turn descended from phytophagous hemipterans. Some pleisiomorphic traits developed by the reduvid ancestors of the triatomines facilitated and modeled hematophagy in these insects. Among them, mouthparts, saliva composition, enzymes, and digestive symbionts are the most noticeable. However, the decisive step that allowed the shift from predation to hematophagy was a change of behavior. The association of a predator reduvid with nesting vertebrate (\xe2\x89\x88110 to 32\xc2\xa0Ma) permitted the shift from an arthropod prey to a vertebrate host. In this work, we review the phylogeny and dispersion of triatomines and the current controversy over the monophyly or polyphyly of this group. We also discuss how these insects were able to overcome, and even have taken advantage of, diverse ancestral and physical barriers to adapt to sucking blood of nidicolous vertebrates. We provide a Spanish version of this work.'

'Landscape characteristics and social behavior can affect the foraging patterns of seed-dependent animals. We examine the movement of acorns from valley oak (Quercus lobata) trees to granaries maintained by acorn woodpeckers (Melanerpes formicivorus) in two California oak savanna-woodlands differing in the distribution of Q. lobata within each site. In 2004, we sampled Q. lobata acorns from 16 granaries at Sedgwick Reserve in Santa Barbara County and 18 granaries at Hastings Reserve in Monterey County. Sedgwick has lower site-wide density of Q. lobata than Hastings as well as different frequencies of other Quercus species common to both sites. We found acorn woodpeckers foraged from fewer Q. lobata seed source trees (K\ng\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa04.1\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.5) at Sedgwick than at Hastings (K\ng\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa07.6\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa00.6) and from fewer effective seed sources (N\nem*\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa02.00 and 5.78, respectively). The differences between sites are due to a greater number of incidental seed sources used per granary at Hastings than at Sedgwick. We also found very low levels of seed source sharing between adjacent granaries, indicating that territoriality is strong at both sites and that each social group forages on its own subset of trees. We discovered an interesting spatial pattern in the location of granaries. At Sedgwick, acorn woodpeckers situated their granaries within areas of higher-than-average tree density, while at Hastings, they placed them within areas of lower-than-average tree density, with the outcome that granaries at the two sites were located in areas of similar valley oak density. Our results illustrate that landscape characteristics might influence the number of trees visited by acorn woodpeckers and the locations of territories, while woodpecker social behavior, such as territoriality, shapes which trees are visited and whether they are shared with other social groups.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

"In Venezuela, guppies,Poecilia reticulata, are found in a diversity of aquatic ecosystems fringing the western slope of the eastern Andes. These inland drainages are associated with large between-site variation in both physical and biotic environments. Numbers of potential guppy predators vary greatly between low diversity piedmont streams and high diversity llanos swamps. We analyze geographic variation in several phenotypic traits associated with conspicuousness of male guppies as an independent test of Haskins' (Haskins et al. 1961) hypothesis of natural balance between sexual selection (driving male conspicuousness) and predation (driving crypsis). Four sites were compared: a diverse llanos swamp (high predation), two Andean piedmont streams (intermediate and low predation), and a spring pool located south of Venezuela's Par\xc3\xada Peninsula (no aquatic predators). Because tropical wet and dry seasons are associated with varying degrees of environmental change at these sites, within-site seasonal samples provided an additional test of the role of selective predation on Male phenotypes. Phenotypic traits associated with both size and coloration supported the sexual selection/predation hypothesis. male guppies from the spring were generally more colorful than male guppies from inland drainages. Males from the diverse swamp site were smaller and less colorful than guppies from other sites. Males from the swamp population were smallest and least colorful during the early dry season, when diurnal aquatic piscivores were more diverse and abundant. Dominant spot pigments at each site were generally those that provided greatest contrast with the predominant environmental background color, lending further evidence that coloration patterns in male guppies enhance conspicuousness."

'The introduced vine,Passiflora mollissima (Bailey), poses a threat to unique natural forest areas in Hawaii. While biological control is desirable, the proximity of the crop plant,P. edulis f.flavicarpa\nDegener requires control agents to be highly specific.Passiflora-specialist heliconiine butterflies may exhibit this necessary specificity. We examine the potential for heliconiines as pests and control agents ofPassiflora and report preliminary laboratory and field observations on host and habitat specificity.'

'Knowledge on the distribution and hotspots of different taxon groups is indispensable for improving the state of biodiversity protection. Our aim was to determine if the relations between major environmental factors and species richness of two plant groups, mosses and vascular plants differ on a global scale. The dependence of species richness on environmental factors in 50 regions, covering 17\xc2\xa0% of the global terrestrial territory, was analysed with SAS statistical software. Species richness of vascular plants increases significantly towards the equator, but for mosses the increase is not significant. Species richness of mosses and vascular plants are significantly positively correlated only in the near equator zone. Although there were similarities in the trends of mosses and vascular plant diversities at a global scale, their relations with some factors differ with distance from the equator. The effect of precipitation on species richness is similar for both plant groups, but coastline length has a significant positive influence only on moss richness, whereas species richness of vascular plants was related strongly to area and energy input. Therefore, effective conservation policy at both local and global scale demands consideration of all diversity drivers of different taxon groups.'

'Moving back in time from the early colonial to the late pre-colonial period we evaluate the hypothesis asserting the migratory movement of Cariban-speaking groups from the Middle Orinoco River area towards north-central Venezuela. The explanation in vogue maintains that the migration followed fluvial routes and occurred between 1350 and 1150 BP (AD 600\xe2\x80\x93800). We examine archaeological, linguistic, ethnohistorical, genetic, and ecological data seeking similarities between the Orinoco emigrants and their north-central Venezuelan descendants. As a result, we propose an alternative terrestrial/fluvial route and suggest these events occurred between 1150 and 1050 BP (AD 800\xe2\x80\x93900). The route first proceeded upstream along rivers of the central llanos and later followed a natural terrestrial geomorphological corridor into the Lake Valencia Basin. We argue that, while future interdisciplinary (especially archaeo-linguistic and bioarchaeological) research is needed to further assess the results of these analyses, the Orinocan descendants in north-central Venezuela emerge as one of the most dynamic sociopolitical Cariban-speaking entities in all northeastern South America and the insular Caribbean on the eve of the European Conquest.\n'

'Non-timber forest products (NTFPs) derived from palms and other plants are economically and culturally important to a large part of the more than 240 million people who live in the forest areas of developing countries. The sustainable extraction of NTFPs is increasingly regarded as an important part for forest conservation strategies. This paper provides an overview and comparison of existing statutory legislation with respect to the extraction and trade of NTFPs in four Andean countries and discusses its adequacy with respect to ensuring legal and sustainable extraction and trade of NTFPs. The related legal framework surrounding indigenous peoples\xe2\x80\x99 rights, traditional knowledge and access to genetic resources is also reviewed. Forest laws are primarily concerned with the regulation of timber. Hence, legal and administrative frameworks to regulate the extraction and trade of NTFPs are fragmented and ambiguous. By providing an overview over the existing legal situation, this paper seeks to inform and open debates about ways to improve the regulation of the extraction and trade of NTFPs in the region.'

"Spiny rats from Venezuela show an extensive karyotypic diversification (2n=24 to 2n=62) and little morphological differentiation. This study reports genetic distance, heterozygosity and polymorphism based upon 22 loci in semispecies and allospecies of the Proechimys guairae superspecies from N Central Venezuela, as compared with Proechimys urichi, a member of the Proechimys trinitatis superspecies from eastern Venezuela. Four chromosome forms of the P. guairae complex are included, each characterized by karyotypes of 2n=46 (Fundamental Number=72), 2n=48 (FN=72), 2n=50 (FN=72) and 2n=62 (FN=74). Proechimys urichi has a distinetive karyotype of 2n=62 (FN=88). The overall mean value of Nei's genetic identity index for all pair-wise comparisons is I=0.942\xc2\xb10.011. Mean identity within the P. guairae complex is \xc4\xaa=0.969\xc2\xb10.033. Mean identity between P. urichi and members of that complex is \xc4\xaa=0.889\xc2\xb10.011. Within the P. guairae complex, increased genetic divergence is correlated with higher karyotypic divergence. Heterozygosity varies from H=0.059 to H=0.153, with a mean value of H0.059. The mean percent of polymorphic loci is P=18.2\xc2\xb13.9 after the \xe2\x80\x980,95%\xe2\x80\x99 polymorphism criterion, and P=20,5\xc2\xb15.2 after the \xe2\x80\x980.99%\xe2\x80\x99 criterion. These results are compared with similar data from fossorial and non-fossorial rodents. Spiny rats are non-fossorial, forest-dwelling rodents which have undergone a speciation process with little genetic divergence and extensive chromosome rearrangements."

'The geological history of Madagascar contains events that may have given rise to unusual factors that molded the primate communities of the island. In order to understand the impact of the factors we reviewed the elevational distribution of extant primate species in the humid forests. The elevational structuring of primates in the humid forests of Madagascar shows considerable differences from other tropical areas in the New World and Asia, which is correlated with the lack of large tracts of humid lowland habitat on Madagascar since it split from India.'

Abstract not available

'The accumulation of recent data from archaeobotany, archaeozoology and Neolithic excavations from across South Asia warrants a new overview of early agriculture in the subcontinent. This paper attempts a synthesis of these data while recommending further systematic work and methodological developments. The evidence for origins and dispersals of important crops and livestock from Southwest Asia into South Asia is reviewed. In addition evidence for indigenous plant and animal domestication in India is presented. Evidence for probable indigenous agricultural developments in Gujarat, the Middle Ganges, Eastern India, and Southern India are reviewed. An attempt is made to highlight regions of important frontiers of interaction between early farmers and hunter-gatherers. The current evidence suggests that the Neolithic trajectories in different parts of South Asia differ from each other. Indigenous centers of plant domestication in India also differ from the often discussed trajectory of Southwest Asia, while suggesting some similarities with agricultural origins in Africa and Eastern North America as well as secondary agricultural developments on the peripheries of Eurasia.'

'\nArchaeological Evidence of Cherimoya (Annona cherimolia Mill.)and Guanabana (Annona muricata L.)in Ancient Peru. Economic Botany 58(4):509-522, 2004. The results of this study confirm the presence of both guanabana and cherimoya in ancient Peru. Our evidence consists of linguistic data and botanical remains of plants that were found in archaeological contexts, as well as ceramic phytomorphic representations of the fruits.'

'According to theory, variation in plant secondary metabolism against herbivores is driven by variation in biotic and abiotic conditions interacting with plants genotype to determine the expression of resistance traits. Particularly, it has been long postulated that plants growing along latitudinal gradients experience changes in biotic and abiotic interactions, specifically leading to a decrease of plant toxicity towards the poles. We tested this hypothesis using the asteraceous species Smallanthus macroscyphus. Smallanthus species are known to contain sesquiterpene lactones (STLs), bitter compounds with a broad spectrum of biological activities, including deterrence to herbivores. S. macroscyphus showed a decrease in chemical diversity of STLs when investigating populations growing from the tropical regions to less tropical ones. Populations from lower latitudes were found to be more chemically diverse with enhydrin, uvedalin and fluctuanin as main components, while populations southward were chemically fairly uniform, with polymatin A as the main and largely dominant STL. The STL chemistry of S. macroscyphus is in agreement with the hypothesis that plants of tropical forests have a greater diversity of secondary metabolites when compared to their temperate counterparts.'

'The bipolar distributions of Lessoniaceae and Macrocystis have been explained by migration out of a \xe2\x80\x98centre of origin\xe2\x80\x99 and across the tropics by means of dispersal, but controversy centres on the issue: which sector is the true centre of origin? We provide biological, palaeo-oceanographic and geological evidence that leads us to reject the centre of origin/migration theory and methodology in explaining \xe2\x80\x98bipolarity\xe2\x80\x99. As an alternative, a process of vicariant differentiation out of a Pacific Ocean/Southern Ocean ancestral complex is proposed. Moreover the biogeographic relationship between the southwest and northeast Pacific is shown to be a general phenomenon and not restricted to marine algae.'

'Many researchers have tested whether protected areas save tropical forest, but generally focus on parks and reserves, management units that have internationally recognized standing and clear objectives. Buffer zones have received considerably less attention because of their ambiguous rules and often informal status. Although buffer zones are frequently dismissed as ineffective, they warrant attention given the need for landscape-level approaches to conservation and their prevalence around the world\xe2\x80\x94in Peru, buffer zones cover >10\xc2\xa0% of the country. This study examines the effectiveness of buffer zones in the Peruvian Amazon to (a) prevent deforestation and (b) limit the extent of mining concessions. We employ covariate matching to determine the impact of 13 buffer zones on deforestation and mining concessions from 2007 to 2012. Despite variation between sites, these 13 buffer zones have prevented ~320\xc2\xa0km2 of forest loss within their borders during the study period and ~1739\xc2\xa0km2 of mining concessions, an outcome associated with the special approval process for granting formal concessions in these areas. However, a closer look at the buffer zone around the Tambopata National Reserve reveals the difficulties of controlling illegal and informal activities. According to interviews with NGO employees, government officials, and community leaders, enforcement of conservation is limited by uncertain institutional responsibilities, inadequate budgets, and corruption, although formal and community-based efforts to block illicit mining are on the rise. Landscape-level conservation not only requires clear legal protocol for addressing large-scale, formal extractive activities, but there must also be strategies and coordination to combat illegal activities.'

'Recent recognition of teleconnections between El Ni\xc3\xb1o and climatic anomalies elsewhere on the planet identify northern lowland South America as a region experiencing drought. Extensive archeological survey along the major tributaries of the Amazon during the past 15 years has defined the temporal and spatial distributions of numerous ceramic phases and traditions. An unexpected result has been identification of discontinuities in most local sequences. Large numbers of carbon-14 dates establish their contemporaneity ca. 1500, 1000, 700, and 400 B.P. These dates correlate closely with archeological evidence on the north coast of Peru for destructive mega-Ni\xc3\xb1o events. Observations of the impact of milder recent episodes on the flora and fauna imply catastrophic deterioration in local subsistence resources during prehistoric events, forcing the repeated human dispersals reflected in the linguistic and genetic heterogeneity of surviving indigenous lowland South American populations.'

"The T'OLCHE' is a protected forest belt about 10\xe2\x80\x9320 m wide that runs through the Mayan landscape on the limits of the maize fields of the farmers. This study explores its traditional use and management and traces how it has changed in the last 30 years in the study village in Yucat\xc3\xa1n, Mexico. A major change is in its extent; little remains of the 10\xe2\x80\x9320% of the area it occupied in the past. Two of the causes of this are identified as being a credit programme of the local bank and 1973 state legislation concerning cattle. The causes and consequences of this decline are discussed in relation with other farmer-perceived changes in overall landuse, including a fall in maize yields. The ecological roles of the T'OLCHE' are examined. It is argued that the T'OLCHE' plays an essential role in the regeneration of the fallow vegetation and in the maintenance of biological diversity. The case of the T'OLCHE' suggests the need for a diversified and politicized look on Common Property Resource Management."

'\nBuddleja davidii Franchet (Synonym. Buddleia davidii; common name butterfly bush) is a perennial, semi-deciduous, multi-stemmed shrub that is resident in gardens and disturbed areas. Since its introduction to the United Kingdom from China in the late 1800s, B. davidii has become an important component in horticulture and human culture. Despite its popularity as a landscape plant, B. davidii is considered problematic because of its ability to naturalize outside of gardens and rapidly invade and dominate disturbed natural areas across a wide range of physical conditions. The primary goal of this paper is to synthesize what is known about B. davidii in order to understand the impacts caused by the continued presence of B. davidii in gardens and natural landscapes. We also address management of B. davidii and discuss the repercussions of management strategies and policies currently implemented to protect or remove B. davidii from natural ecosystems.'

'A modification of the general system of classification ofCalliphoridae is proposed in this report. Information about the chromosome complements of about 90 species is provided including references to the earlier literature on chromosomes of this family. With one exception all species studied by us or by earlier investigators have 2n=12. The total complement length of 556 complements from 83 species averaged 66.4 \xce\xbc. Most species have a short heteromorphic sex pair but the size and morphology vary considerably and one species,Hemipyrellia fernandica, seems to have a quadrivalent sex-chromosome complex in a 2n=14 complement. The autosomal pairs vary in both length and arm ratios between the species but seem to be more stable than the sex chromosomes. Only minor variations were found between different collections of the same species except for two collections ofCalliphora croceipalpis. Although presently available data on the chromosomes of Diptera species suggest that increases in total complement length accompany evolutionary progress, no such general trends were obvious in either the total complement lengths or chromosome morphology, either within or between the tribes ofCalliphoridae. Thus the karyotypical reorganizations in the family have apparently not been directly associated with changes in the general morphological features of the adults which may have responded in these respects more extensively to genetic mutations.'

'\nPlagiochila cucullifolia Jack & Steph. var. anomala J. Heinrichs & Gradst. var. nov. is described and illustrated. The new variety is known from a single locality in southern Ecuador and differs from P. cucullifolia var. cucullifolia by the flat, not saccate leaves, somewhat smaller plant size and weaker leaf dentation. According to phylogenetic analyses of 35 nrDNA ITS1 and ITS2 sequences of Plagiochila, the two varieties of P. cucullifolia form a monophyletic lineage and are placed in a well supported clade together with five other species of Plagiochila sect. Hylacoetes: P. dimorpha Lindenb. & Gottsche var. ecuadorica (Inoue) J. Heinrichs, P. flabelliflora Steph., P. patriciae J. Heinrichs & H. Anton, P. macrostachya Lindenb. and P. turgida Herzog. Within Plagiochila, nrITS sequence variation is not concordant with morphological diversification. ITS sequences of Plagiochila cucullifolia s.str. and of P. dimorpha var. ecuadorica differ in only 23 aligned positions whereas two sequences of P. subplana Lindenb. differ in 86 aligned positions. Morphologically, P. cucullifolia s.str. and P. dimorpha var. ecuadorica differ in more than 20 characters and previously these two taxa were placed in separate genera. P. subplana phenotypes show considerable variation in leaf shape and dentation but the extremes are linked by numerous intermediates.\n'

'South American octodontid rodents of the subfamily Octodontinae currently show low species richness but great morphological and chromosomal diversity. This diversity is interpreted alternatively as the remnant of a wider past radiation or as the result of saltational evolution. These hypotheses are discussed in relation to a phylogenetic analysis of the Late Pliocene octodontineAbalosia castellanosi. My results suggest thatAbalosia, together withTympanoctomys andOctomys, is part of a clade of desert specialist propalinal octodontids, which would have differentiated east of the Andes in the emergent semi-deserts of western Argentina. The presence ofAbalosia in the coastal region of central Argentina during the Upper Marplatan Age (Late Pliocene) suggests a pulse of expansion of such arid environments, probably coeval with the global climatic deterioration detected around the transition Gauss-Matuyama magnetic ages. The phylogenetic position ofA. castellanosi suggests that extinction events affected the clade of the octodontine desert specialists. Accordingly, regardless of how rough or gradual the differentiation of the octodontine\xe2\x80\x99s diversity has been, the living representatives seem to be remnants of a wider radiation.'

'We propose and analyze a mathematical model of a vector-borne disease that includes vector feeding preference for carrier hosts and intrinsic incubation in hosts. Analysis of the model reveals the following novel results. We show theoretically and numerically that vector feeding preference for carrier hosts plays an important role for the existence of both the endemic equilibria and backward bifurcation when the basic reproduction number \\({\\mathcal {R}}_0\\) is less than one. Moreover, by increasing the vector feeding preference value, backward bifurcation is eliminated and endemic equilibria for hosts and vectors are diminished. Therefore, the vector protects itself and this benefits the host. As an example of these phenomena, we present a case of Andean cutaneous leishmaniasis in Peru. We use parameter values from previous studies, primarily from Peru to introduce bifurcation diagrams and compute global sensitivity of \\({\\mathcal {R}}_0\\) in order to quantify and understand the effects of the important parameters of our model. Global sensitivity analysis via partial rank correlation coefficient shows that \\({\\mathcal {R}}_0\\) is highly sensitive to both sandflies feeding preference and mortality rate of sandflies.'

'A new coccidian species (Protozoa: Apicomplexa: Isospora) parasitizing the white-shouldered fire-eye Pyriglena leucoptera (Vieillot, 1818) is described in the Parque Nacional do Itatiaia. This park is a protected area in southeastern Brazil with a high degree of vulnerability, representing a \xe2\x80\x9cconservation island\xe2\x80\x9d of biodiversity. Isospora parnaitatiaiensis n. sp. has oocysts that are ellipsoidal, 23.8\xe2\x80\x89\xc3\x97\xe2\x80\x8919.4\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm, with smooth, bilayered wall, ~1.1\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm thick. Micropyle and oocyst residuum are absent, but one or two polar granules are present. Sporocysts are ellipsoidal, 14.6\xe2\x80\x89\xc3\x97\xe2\x80\x899.3\xc2\xa0\xce\xbcm. The Stieda body is nipple- to knob-like and sub-Stieda body rounded to rectangular. Sporocyst residuum is present, usually as a cluster of numerous granules. Sporozoites are vermiform with two refractile bodies and a nucleus. This is the second isosporoid coccidian described from antbirds (Thamnophilidae).'

'The Spotted Barbtail (Premnoplex brunnescens) inhabits the understory of humid montane forests in Central and South America. Apart from basic information on eggs and nest form, little has been published on its breeding ecology. Using temperature sensors in nest cups, I have collected data on the diurnal patterns of egg-coverage from three nests in eastern Ecuador and reveal a remarkable incubation rhythm. After providing near-constant coverage during the morning, adults leave the eggs unattended for most of the afternoon, returning to the nest only in the late afternoon. The mean duration (\xc2\xb1standard deviation) of this period of absence, across the entire incubation period at three nests, was 6.4\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa01.9\xc2\xa0h. These results are discussed in relation to their physiological and ecological significance.'

'\nDocumenting Cultural Selection Pressure Changes on Chile Pepper (\nCapsicum baccatum L.) Seed Size through Time in Coastal Peru (7,600 B.P.\xe2\x80\x93Present). The chile pepper (Capsicum spp.) was independently domesticated in Mexico, the Amazon region, and the Central Andes of South America, though the exact nature of when, where, and how this process took place is uncertain. Current knowledge of early Capsicum domestication is further hindered by the general reliance on the rare preservation of Capsicum fruit, specifically the calyx morphology, from archaeological sites to chart the presence of various Capsicum species through space and time. Capsicum seeds, which are recovered in greater abundance from archaeological contexts, present a prime opportunity for studying selection pressures on Capsicum. Many plants exhibit signs of morphological change through time related to changes in selection pressures and the process of domestication. In food plants, a common occurrence is the change in seed size, which suggests correlating changes in fruit size. To investigate these changes on a species level, we developed the first systematic identification system based on qualitative and quantitative attributes for domesticated Capsicum seeds. In the course of our analysis, we found that C. baccatum L. seeds from Peru (ca. 7,600 cal. B.P. through modern day) change in size over time, suggesting human\xe2\x80\x93influenced selection. Here, we demonstrate that C. baccatum L. seeds increase in size through pre\xe2\x80\x93Columbian times. Remarkably, following Spanish conquest (post\xe2\x80\x931532 C.E.), the reduction in the size of seeds back to earlier pre\xe2\x80\x93Columbian times suggests a loss of selective pressure for seed size in this particular Capsicum species.'

Abstract not available

"BackgroundThis work focuses on plant-based preparations that the Aguaruna Jivaro of Peru give to hunting dogs. Many plants are considered to improve dogs' sense of smell or stimulate them to hunt better, while others treat common illnesses that prevent dogs from hunting. This work places canine ethnoveterinary medicine within the larger context of Aguaruna ethnomedicine, by testing the following hypotheses: H1 -- Plants that the Aguaruna use to treat dogs will be the same plants that they use to treat people and H2 -- Plants that are used to treat both people and dogs will be used for the same illnesses in both cases.MethodsStructured interviews with nine key informants were carried out in 2007, in Aguaruna communities in the Peruvian department of Amazonas. Informants provided freelists of plants given to dogs and explained the purpose, preparation and route of administration used. For each plant, informants also described any uses for treating people. Botanical voucher specimens were collected and additional informal observations were made, accompanying people on hunting trips.ResultsOut of 35 plant species given to dogs, 29 (83%) are also given to humans for some medicinal purpose, while five are used only for dogs. However, the same plant is used to treat the same illness in both humans and dogs in only 53% of the cases. Forty-three percent of plants used to treat a particular illness for both dogs and people are administered in the same manner for both.ConclusionResults suggest that Aguaruna canine ethnoveterinary medicine is, at least partly, an independent cognitive domain. Some of the difference in plant use between dogs and people can be explained by the fact that certain diseases mentioned only apply to dogs. Although reports of canine ethnoveterinary medicine are very sparse in the literature, Aguaruna practices show some similarities with a few trends reported for other Amazonian societies, particularly, in the prevalence of the nasal route of administration, the use of plant-based psychoactives and in the importance of ants and wasps, in some form, for training dogs."

'Current methods in biogeography are briefly reviewed and definitions of dispersal discussed. The need for countenancing the possibilities of operation of both the vicariance and dispersal modes is stressed, and for taking into account geological, climatological and floristic information as well as various aspects of the biology and information contained in the distribution patterns and phylogenies of the group under study. Methods for assessing the likelihood of vicariance and dispersal as causal processes, and possible indications of which of these has predominated, are also considered.'

'Adaptation to climate change is given increasing international attention as the confidence in climate change projections is getting higher. Developing countries have specific needs for adaptation due to high vulnerabilities, and they will in this way carry a great part of the global costs of climate change although the rising atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations are mainly the responsibility of industrialized countries. This article provides a status of climate change adaptation in developing countries. An overview of observed and projected climate change is given, and recent literature on impacts, vulnerability, and adaptation are reviewed, including the emerging focus on mainstreaming of climate change and adaptation in development plans and programs. The article also serves as an introduction to the seven research articles of this special issue on climate change adaptation in developing countries. It is concluded that although many useful steps have been taken in the direction of ensuring adequate adaptation in developing countries, much work still remains to fully understand the drivers of past adaptation efforts, the need for future adaptation, and how to mainstream climate into general development policies.'

'Because isolated trees in pasture experience greater exposure than forest trees, the epiphytes on them should be more drought and sun-tolerant. In Veracruz, Mexico, we compared the structure and nutrient content of the epiphyte community on five forest oaks (FO) in a fragment of lower montane cloud forest to that of five isolated oaks in pasture (IO). IO supported fewer epiphyte species than FO; 62.8% of the 35 epiphyte species were recorded only in one habitat (51.4% on FO and 11.4% on IO). Polypodium plebeium and Tillandsia spp. seedlings were more abundant on FO, while T. kirchhoffiana and T. punctulata were more abundant on IO. Evenness was lower on IO, which supported higher epiphyte biomass. pH, Ca, Mg, N, K, and Na concentrations were similar for FO and IO, with only Pextractable being lower on IO than FO. We concluded that when an epiphyte community is isolated (IO), the populations of some species expand while those of other diminish or disappear, a phenomenon that changes the structure of the epiphyte community becoming less even.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'The terrain within the Lake Titicaca Basin in the Andean highlands of Peru and Bolivia is a highly human-modified landscape. Archaeological investigations document that massive landscape modifications were undertaken throughout prehistory in order to intensively cultivate marginal lands. The paper focuses on raised fields, large earthen platforms which prevent waterlogging and flooding, increase soil fertility, conserve moisture, insure nutrient production and recycling, and improve crop microclimates. The environmental implications of the construction of over 82,000 hectares of raised fields for local vegetation, microclimate, soils, sedimentation, and hydrology are examined. The reuse of raised field agricultural technology to solve some problems of current land management is also discussed.'

'An assessment of the global freshwater crab diversity is presented. A total of 1,476 species in 14 families are currently known from all zoogeographical regions (except Antarctica), including 1,306 species in eight exclusively freshwater families (Pseudothelphusidae, Trichodactylidae, Potamonautidae, Deckeniidae, Platythelphusidae, Potamidae, Gecarcinucidae and Parathelphusidae). Estimates of true freshwater crab diversity including likely numbers of undescribed taxa suggest that the field remains largely in a \xe2\x80\x9cdiscovery\xe2\x80\x9d phase. Main ideas on the origins, diversification, and phylogeny of true freshwater crabs are briefly discussed. The economic importance of freshwater crabs is also highlighted.'

'Mountain fens are vital ecosystems for habitat, biodiversity, water and carbon cycling, but there is little comprehensive information on their distribution, abundance or condition in any region of the western U.S. Our study objectives were to: 1) evaluate fen distribution, abundance and characteristics in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado, 2) quantify disturbances, and 3) prioritize restoration needs of fens. We mapped 624 fens in 37 watersheds and collected field data on 182 of these fens. We estimated that approximately 2,000 fens occur in the San Juan Mountains, primarily in the subalpine zone at an average elevation of 3,288\xc2\xa0m. Fens ranged from 0.2 to 20.5\xc2\xa0ha in size, peat thickness ranged between 0.40 to >4.00\xc2\xa0m, and surface slope ranged from 0\xe2\x80\x9321%. Groundwater pH ranged from 3.1\xe2\x80\x937.6 and Ca+2 from 1\xe2\x80\x93341\xc2\xa0mg/L, reflecting the diverse geochemistry of watershed parent materials. We identified 188 vascular and 63 bryophyte taxa, and classified the 309 sampled stands into 20 plant communities that formed along complex hydrogeomorphic and geochemical gradients. The majority of fens were in excellent condition; however 10% of our sampled fens had high to very high restoration potential due to impacts from roads, mining, and ditching.'

'Wild populations of common bean pertainingto the Andean gene pool are distributedfrom southern Peru to northern Argentina.The objectives of this study were todetermine the genetic structure of Andeanlandraces from northern Argentina, as oneof the potential domestication sites of theAndean domesticated gene pool, and toestablish a correspondence between Andeanprimitive landraces and wild populationsthat might have served as the source ofdomesticated bean. Forty-four landraces and21 wild populations representing thediversity of common bean in northernArgentina were included in this study. Results indicated that Andean gene pool inArgentina has a large genetic base on thebasis of morphological and adaptivevariability and biochemical analysis. Theexistence of introgressed populations withsympatric wild forms was evidenced.'

'The persistence of novel aposematic forms, and thereby the evolution of aposematic polymorphism, remain intriguing. Novel and rare forms could be disproportionally attacked by predators that already learned to avoid a pre-existing and more common aposematic form. Alternatively, novel forms could be less frequently attacked if predators are reluctant to attack unknown potential prey (neophobia) or if previous learning allows them to generalise and recognise the novel form as toxic. We used colour variation in polymorphic poison frogs (Oophaga histrionica complex) to test whether predators familiar with one aposematic form do generalise their avoidance behaviour to other aposematic forms. To strengthen our inference, we combined a field test of attack rates to local and non-local models with a lab experiment of generalisation capabilities by newly born chicks. Field predators attacked a significantly lower proportion of 529 aposematic compared to 150 cryptic models. Predators co-occurring with the local aposematic form of O. histrionica equally avoided non-local forms, especially in areas where the species was abundant. Forty-two lab chicks learned to discriminate between an aposematic and a cryptic image, but failed to generalise to other aposematic images, even though we tried with six combinations of aposematic forms. To better mimic the situation in the field, we further tested whether chicks trained with a set of four simultaneous aposematic images would generalise better. They failed to learn the discrimination task. Our data contrast with previous field studies on other poison frogs, and support a role for generalisation, and arguably not neophobia, in predator avoidance of novel aposematic forms.'

'Archaeological data from the north and central Peruvian coast are presented here as a means to explore key themes relating to social complexity, including complex society and its origins, newly resolved chronological issues, the relationship between iconography and society, and the definition of a new culture. Focusing on an early time span, from ca. 3000 to 200\xc2\xa0cal BC, we identify key questions about the trajectory through which early Andean complexity developed, and we discuss new ideas about the chronological placement of Cerro Sech\xc3\xadn and Chav\xc3\xadn de Hu\xc3\xa1ntar. We also use an intertextual approach to study the iconography of the complex Sech\xc3\xadn Alto polity and as a means to demonstrate duality, social hierarchy, and the origin of symbols within the society\xe2\x80\x99s iconography. Finally, we highlight a newly described polity, centered in the Nepe\xc3\xb1a Valley, that is important because its urban traits presage later cultural complexity and because the recognition of this polity demonstrates the potential for similar discoveries of comparable small polities.'

'The geographical patterns of tree species richness in forest communities have been studied widely, but little is known about the geographical variation of the estimated species richness and minimum areas using species-area curves. A differential technique based on the species-area relationships (SAR) was developed for estimating the minimum area (Amin) capturing 60\xe2\x80\x9380% of the species in each plot, which is an important characteristic of a forest community. The relationship between estimated species richness (ESR) from the SAR and the corresponding minimum area is described by the linear model ESR = 0.0051\xc3\x97Amin (R2 = 0.98, p < 0.0001). Both the ESR and the minimum area exhibit similar geographical variations with a significant increase along altitudinal and a decrease along latitudinal gradients. The spatial variations of the ESR were partitioned into three geographical components and their combined effects. Altitude accounted for 40% and 45% of the total variation in the ESR and the minimum area, respectively. While latitude accounted for 69% and 61% of the total variation in the ESR and the minimum area, respectively. Thus, latitude is the main determinant which influences the geographical variation of the ESR. As far as we know, this study presents the first report of the geographical patterns of the minimum area in temperate forests.'

'In the world scenario of declining grassland bird populations, South American species are a particular concern. The Saffron-Cowled Blackbird Xanthopsar flavus is endemic to grasslands in Central and southern South America and its status is vulnerable. Natural history studies stress a number of factors responsible for the decline in its populations. In this paper, we present results from a grassland fire experiment aimed at evaluating the effect of grassland fires on foraging (grasses) and breeding (marshes) habitat use by the Saffron-Cowled Blackbird in a region where fire has been used for centuries as a tool for cattle management. We compare burned grasslands with a control treatment and grasslands within a conservation unit, evaluating uses before and after burning as well as relating bird abundance with environmental characteristics. We found that the Saffron-Cowled Blackbird used the burned treatments more frequently and avoided habitats with tall grasses and developed vegetation. Thus, this species is absent from the conservation unit, which has not experienced fires in nearly three decades. The Saffron-Cowled Blackbird depends on the existence of marshes (breeding habitat) surrounded by short grasses (foraging habitat). In the study region, short grasses are a result of burning practices. As the burning period coincides with the breeding season, the lack of criteria on the part of landowners regarding how to apply and control fire poses a permanent threat to these populations.'

'In 1926 George Tate participated in a collecting expedition to the Cordillera Real of Bolivia and Peru under the auspices of H. S. Ladew and The American Museum of Natural History. Although the emphasis of the expedition was zoological, Tate managed to collect 1215 plant numbers from which over 50 new species were later described, primarily by H. H. Rusby. These specimens, including most types, were deposited at The New York Botanical Garden. Tate retained 632 duplicate sheets at the Museum to form the core of the \xe2\x80\x9cEcological Herbarium of Dept. of Mammals.\xe2\x80\x9d The 24 collecting stations worked by Tate in Bolivia are described and mapped from data obtained from a transcribed copy of Tate\xe2\x80\x99s field notes deposited in the archives of The New York Botanical Garden.'

'AbstractThe Cretaceous\xe2\x80\x93Cenozoic history of angiosperms resulted in a certain character of the distribution of the number of taxa belonging to different ranks (number of species and genera within a family, S/G ratio in families, and the number of species within a genus). In most cases, such distributions are satisfactorily described by a power law (a Pareto distribution). In logarithmic coordinates, the power function represents a straight line. Empirical curves coincide with this line fairly well, except for the right part of the graphs (the area of small-sized taxa), where empirical curves noticeably deviate from theoretical ones. This fact means that the volumes of small-sized taxa should be significantly larger to fit the theoretical curves properly. The performed modeling of the S/G ratio in families has shown a satisfactory correspondence between the observed and calculated number of species within a wide iteration range only when the dynamic factor of extinction was applied. An assumption has been made that a differentiated extinction of species took place in the course angiosperm evolution. In this case, the extinction rate should be minimal for genera with a large number of species. On the contrary, a decrease in the number of species per a genus may drastically (by orders) increase the extinction rate. As a result, large-sized genera become larger in size, while small-sized genera become smaller; the frequency distribution of species within genera changes according to the power law. The initial divergence in the number of taxa, which determines their further division into larger and smaller sizes, could be caused by the emergence and expansion of herbs characterized by better functional and adaptive potential.'

"Background\nThe tendency of animals and plants to independently develop similar features under similar evolutionary pressures - convergence - is a widespread phenomenon in nature. In plants, convergence has been suggested to explain the striking similarity in life form between the giant lobelioids (Campanulaceae, the bellflower family) of Africa and the Hawaiian Islands. Under this assumption these plants would have developed the giant habit from herbaceous ancestors independently, in much the same way as has been suggested for the giant senecios of Africa and the silversword alliance of Hawaii.Results\nPhylogenetic analyses based on plastid (rbcL, trnL-F) and nuclear (internal transcribed spacer [ITS]) DNA sequences for 101 species in subfamily Lobelioideae demonstrate that the large lobelioids from eastern Africa the Hawaiian Islands, and also South America, French Polynesia and southeast Asia, form a strongly supported monophyletic group. Ancestral state reconstructions of life form and distribution, taking into account phylogenetic uncertainty, indicate their descent from a woody ancestor that was probably confined to Africa. Molecular dating analyses using Penalized Likelihood and Bayesian relaxed clock approaches, and combining multiple calibration points, estimate their first diversification at ~25-33 million years ago (Ma), shortly followed by several long-distance dispersal events that resulted in the current pantropical distribution.Conclusion\nThese results confidently show that lobelioid species, commonly called 'giant', are very closely related and have not developed their giant form from herbaceous ancestors independently. This study, which includes the hitherto largest taxon sampling for subfamily Lobelioideae, highlights the need for a broad phylogenetic framework for testing assumptions about morphological development in general, and convergent evolution in particular."

'The pollen morphology from 67 collections representing 52 species of Mutisia was analyzed by means of light, scanning electron and transmission electron microscopy. Pollen of Mutisia is comparable to that of the more widespread type found in Mutisiinae. The pollen grains of the genus are characterized by the spheroidal-subprolate to prolate shape, large size, tricolporate aperture, with mesoaperture, exine Mutisia type, with sculpturing microechinate to rugulate or microechinate-rugulate. This basic pollen type is very variable in size, endoaperture shape, and exine thickness of the pollen grains. A new type of arrangement of columellae was observed in pollen of Mutisia section Mutisia (e.g., M. stuebelli, M. microphylla, and M. sodiroi). It is suggested that it might have harmomegathic significance. The pollen morphology and polymorphism are discussed with regard to functional mechanisms and possible evolutionary significance.'

Abstract not available

'The article provides an overview of the problem of the origin of the only native vascular plants of Antarctica, Deschampsia antarctica (Poaceae) and Colobanthus quitensis (Caryophyllaceae), from the viewpoint of modem historical phytogeography and related fields of science. Some authors suggest the Tertiary relict status of these plants in Antarctica, while others favor their recent Holocene immigration. Direct data (fossil or molecular genetic data) for solving this controversy are still lacking. However, there is no convincing evidence supporting the Tertiary relict status of these plants in Antarctica. Most probably, D. antarctica and C. quitensis migrated to Antarctica in the Holocene or Late Pleistocene (last interglacial?) through bird-aided long-distance dispersal. It should be critically tested by (1) appropriate methods of molecular phylogeography; (2) molecular clock methods, if feasible; (3) direct paleobotanical studies; (4) paleoclimatic reconstructions; and (5) comparison with cases of taxa with similar distribution/dispersal patterns. The problem of the origin of Antarctic vascular plants is a perfect model for integration of modern methods of molecular phylogeography and phylogenetics, population biology, paleobiology, and paleogeography for solving a long-standing enigma of historical plant geography and evolution.'

'This study builds on earlier quantitative ethnobotanical studies to develop an approach which represents local values for useful forest species, in order to explore factors affecting those values. The method, based on respondents\xe2\x80\x99 ranking of taxa, compares favourably with more time-consuming quantitative ethnobotanical techniques, and allows results to be differentiated according to social factors (gender and ethnic origin), and ecological and socio-economic context. We worked with 126 respondents in five indigenous and five immigrant communities within a forest-dominated landscape in the Peruvian Amazonia. There was wide variability among responses, indicating a complex of factors affecting value. The most valued family is Arecaceae, followed by Fabaceae and Moraceae. Overall, fruit and non-commercialised construction materials predominate but women tend to value fruit and other non-timber species more highly than timber, while the converse is shown by men. Indigenous respondents tend to value more the species used for fruit, domestic construction and other NTFPs, while immigrants tend to favour commercialised timber species. Across all communities, values are influenced by both markets and the availability of the taxa; as the favourite species become scarce, others replace them in perceived importance. As markets become more accessible, over-exploitation of the most valuable species and livelihood diversification contribute to a decrease in perceived value of the forest.'

'The distribution of plant communities and the pattern of species diversity were studied along an altitudinal gradient in the northwestern Red Sea region. A total of 58 stands were studied, using ten quadrats (10 m \xc3\x97 10 m) per stand. The classification of vegetation using the Two Way Indicator Species Analysis (TWINSPAN) identified five groups representing different altitudinal ranges. Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA) clearly distinguished these groups by the first two DCA axes. Edaphic factors such as soil texture, CaCO3, organic carbon, and electrical conductivity contribute to the distribution of plant communities. Species richness, Shannon-index of diversity and evenness show a hump-shaped curve along the altitudinal gradient, whereas beta diversity decreases with elevation. Variation in the diversity and the distributional behaviour of plant species and plant communities in the study area may be attributed to the change of water resources, climatic factors, edaphic variables and anthropogenic pressures along the elevation gradient. The implications of the results are discussed and recommendations are suggested for conservation and sustainable utilization of vegetation.'

'Seed dispersal is a mutualistic interaction in which frugivores gain nutrients and plants gain when seeds are transported to adequate places for establishment. However, this relationship is prone to deceit, for example, when frugivores spit-out seeds in the proximity of parental trees. Still, few hypotheses have offered explanations on why deceiving strategies are not widespread. In this study, I explore the importance of how difficult it is to mechanically separate the nutritious pulp from the seeds, as a factor that can explain the chance a seed has of being dispersed by woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagothricha). I completed 1,440\xc2\xa0h of focal animal follows during 2\xc2\xa0years in order to quantify the chances plant species have of being dispersed. To do so, I evaluated the residuals from the relationship between the number of seeds manipulated and seeds dispersed by a population of woolly monkeys in Tinigua Park (Colombia). For 74 fruit species, I estimated how difficult it is to separate pulp from seeds as the time needed to separate the parts. An exponential model showed that this variable was able to predict 38% of the variation on dispersal probability, demonstrating that, when it is difficult to separate the pulp from the seeds, the probability of legitimate dispersal increases. However, when fruit parts were easy to separate, there was more variation in the outcome. My results suggest that many plants have evolved mechanisms (e.g., small seeds embedded in pulp, strong attachment, irregular seed surface, and thin pulp layer) that preclude deceit by frugivores.'

'The purpose of this paper was to analyze the diversity patterns of Cactaceae at a global scale, to identify those countries where conservation actions should be performed. In order to do this, the species richness and the number of endemic species for 34 American countries were determined. With these data, the relationship between the total number of species or the number of endemic species and the area of the countries were analyzed. In addition, a complementarity analysis was conducted to determine the most important countries for cactus conservation. Results showed that Mexico had the highest number of total and endemic species followed by Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru, among others. There was a significant positive relationship between both, the total and endemic species, and the area of the countries. Despite this fact, the cactus diversity in Mexico, Argentina, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, and Costa Rica was higher than expected according to their area. Further, these countries also presented the highest proportions of endemic species. The complementarity analysis indicated that 24 countries are necessary to preserve all cactus species. However, 94% of all species could be preserved with only 10 countries. Considering the diversity patterns and the complementarity analysis, three important groups for cactus conservation were identified: (1) Mexico, Argentina, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, and Costa Rica, (2) Paraguay and Cuba, and (3) Brazil and USA. Conservation efforts should be focused on these countries in order to preserve cactus diversity.'

'Alpine ecosystems occur under extreme climatic conditions and, as a result, house a unique and vulnerable biota. They are very scarce at tropical latitudes; in Mexico occur mainly along the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt, where species richness is not high but narrow endemics stand out. We investigate the effects of climate change under hypothesized contrasting climate warming scenarios using ecological niche modeling of five microendemic alpine species. Occurrence data was obtained mainly from field trips, but herbaria were also examined. A total of 21 climatic and topographic variables, as well as individual selections of 12\xe2\x80\x9316 variables were employed to construct models with Maxent and GARP. Depending on the number of occurrences, current models were validated with Partial-ROC or Jackknife procedures; and projections to 2050 and 2070 were made using two Representative Concentration Pathways and two Global Circulation Models. All species\xe2\x80\x99 models showed a clear pattern of contraction under the explored scenarios; over 58\xc2\xa0% of contemporary climatic distribution disappeared, suggesting that analyzed species face imminent extinction due to climatic habitat loss. The models are useful in representing the endemic component of Mexican alpine grassland by reciprocal correspondence in geographic distribution, and we consider it as a highly endangered ecosystem due to climate change, which is probably applicable to other tropical alpine ecosystems. The Pico de Orizaba volcano seems the best option to preserve due to its extension and elevation. However, further studies at finer scales are needed to improve in situ preservation and conservation strategies that include translocation, assisted migration and seed banking.'

'How species respond to environmental change is a fundamental question in ecology and species traits can help to tackle this question. In this study, we analyze how the functional structure of species assemblages changes with selected environmental variables along an elevational gradient. In particular, we used species traits of local butterfly communities (body size, voltinism, overwintering stages, and host specificity) in a national nature reserve in China to assess the impacts of temperature, net primary productivity, and land use. Our results show that productivity, measured as NDVI, had a stronger influence on the functional community structure of butterflies than temperature. Within the butterfly assemblages, net primary productivity mainly affected body size and supported few but large species. Length of vegetation period demonstrated dominating effects on the functional structure of local butterfly assemblages. However, an observed increase in dietary generalists with longer vegetation periods contradicted expectations based on niche breadth hypothesis, that more stable conditions should favor specialists. Furthermore, the general positive impact of vegetation period on species abundances differed considerably among functional groups. Only the group containing species hibernating as egg decreased with the length of vegetation period. Our results suggest that trait associations are instructive to explain environment\xe2\x80\x93herbivore relationships, that resource availability can predominantly influence the functional composition of herbivore assemblages, and that conservation priority should be given to specialist butterfly species overwintering as egg, especially in the face of global warming.'

'WildPhaseolus vulgaris is distributed between northern Mexico and northern Argentina. Analysis of phaseolin and molecular markers (isozymes, Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphisms or RFLPs) indicate that this gene pool consists of two major groups, Mesoamerican and Andean, and a third intermediate group found in northwestern South America. Previous to this study, only four accessions of wildP. vulgaris beans from Bolivia had been collected and their genetic relationship with other wild beans from Latin America was not known. Due to the problem of intense erosion in some areas of Bolivia, it was our objective to survey and documentPhaseolus spp. in this area before their extinction. We conducted a collection expedition in May 1994 in the departments of Cochabamba, Chuquisaca and Tarija. This resulted in collections of four populations ofP. augusti, two of cultivatedP. lunatus and two mixtures of cultivatedP. vulgaris. The first mixture was made of \xe2\x80\x9ck\xe2\x80\x99opurus\xe2\x80\x9d or beans consumed after toasting, and represented an addition of 17 accessions to the Bolivian collection. The second mixture was made of \xe2\x80\x9cporotos\xe2\x80\x9d and resulted in the addition of 10 new accessions. Seven germplasm collections of wildP. vulgaris were found, which allowed us to increase the number of known populations of wild common bean for Bolivia. Another accession was found as a wild-weed-crop complex. Seven of these wildP. vulgaris accessions along with another accession from Bolivia collected previously, and a number of P. vulgaris accessions from Mexico (17), Guatemala (3), Colombia (10), Ecuador (6), Peru (17) and Argentina (16) were analyzed with RAPDs. The use of 14 random primers and one SCAR (Sequence Characterized Amplified Region) resulted in 90 bands, of which 83 were polymorphic. This data was used to construct a dendrogram which shows clear separation into three clusters, corresponding to each of the gene pools and an intermediate group. The Bolivian wild P. vulgaris beans grouped with the accessions of southern Peru and Argentina into the Andean gene pool. RAPD analysis of genetic diversity correlated well with genetic diversity obtained with other markers. Moreover, the ease of analysis allowed us to obtain a large number of bands which was conducive to greater sensitivity and identification of geographic subgroups and accessions of hybrid origin.'

'Primates are among the most observable and best studied mammalian orders, yet the distribution of sampling effort by primatologists has inevitably concentrated on a few genera and a limited number of study sites. We present the first systematic review of sampling effort and associated biases in wild primate field research, focusing on dietary studies across the Neotropics. Our literature review of all 24 neotropical primate ecospecies spans 42 years (1969\xe2\x80\x932011) and covers 290 dietary studies at 164 study sites across 17 countries. We use a standardized measure of sampling effort to assimilate data sets derived from multiple methodologies and attempt to understand the distribution of effort (total equivalent to 193,804 h) using geographic variables and primate species traits. Results indicate that there are both geographic and taxonomic biases, with sampling effort generally skewed towards large-bodied species occupying large geographic ranges, and concentrated at a select few primatology research hubs. We also note that full primate assemblages at any given study site are rarely investigated. Our assessment thus reveals severely undersampled primate taxa and geographic regions that must be considered in future research. Current biases could be ameliorated by deliberately targeting poorly studied genera anywhere in their geographic distribution, well-studied genera in poorly studied regions, and striving to study multiple sympatric taxa within a single site. Although continued inequalities in sampling effort are probably inevitable, this study shows that this need not inhibit successful compilations and meta-analyses, provided that adequate data on feeding records and sampling effort can be made available.'

'This is the first study to investigate whether scatter-hoarding behavior, a conditional mutualism, can be disrupted by forest fragmentation. We examined whether acouchies (Myoprocta acouchy, Rodentia) and agoutis (Dasyprocta leporina, Rodentia) changed scatter-hoarding behavior toward seeds of Astrocaryum aculeatum (Arecaceae) as a consequence of a decrease in forest-patch area. Our study was conducted at the 30-year-old Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragments Project, in central Amazon, Brazil. We tested whether forest size affected the number of Astrocaryum seeds removed and scatter-hoarded (and likely dispersed) by acouchies and agoutis, as well as the distance that the seeds were hoarded. The study extended over three seasons: the peak of the rainy season (March\xe2\x80\x93April), the transition between the rainy and the dry season (May\xe2\x80\x93June), and the peak of the dry season (August\xe2\x80\x93September). Our results revealed that the number of seeds removed was larger in smaller fragments, but that the percentage of seeds hoarded was much lower, and seeds eaten much higher, in 1-ha fragments. Moreover, fewer seeds were taken longer distances in fragments than in the continuous forest. Site affected the number of seeds removed and season affected the percentage of seeds hoarded: more seeds were removed from stations in one site than in two others, and hoarding was more important in April and September than in June. Our study reveals that scatter-hoarding behavior is affected by forest fragmentation, with the most important disruption in very small fragments. Fragmentation converts a largely mutualistic relationship between the rodents and this palm in large forest patches into seed predation in small fragments.'

'There is growing interest in large-scale approaches to ecology, for both plants and animals. In particular, macroecological studies enable examination of the patterns and determinants of species richness of a variety of groups of organism throughout the world, which might have important implications for prediction and mitigation of the consequences of global change. Here, we provide richness data for freshwater fishes, which, with more than 13,000 described species, comprise a quarter of all vertebrate species. We conducted an extensive literature survey of native, non-native (exotic), and endemic freshwater fish species richness. The resulting database, called Fish-SPRICH, contains data from more than 400 bibliographic sources including published papers, books, and grey literature sources. Fish-SPRICH contains richness values at the river basin grain for 1,054 river basins covering more than 80% of the earth\xe2\x80\x99s continental surface. This database is currently the most comprehensive global database of native, non-native and endemic freshwater fish richness available at the river basin grain.'

'Acclimatization trials of the two tropical speciesSolanum sessiliflorum (cocona) andSolanum stramonifolium (coconilla) from Amazonas Venezuela, were carried out at the Botanical Garden of Padua.S. sessiliflorum exhibited a greater difference between the Botanical Garden and the native environment. Plant growth was reduced and pollination was difficult; despite numerous blooms few fruits were produced. Moreover, some fruit abscised early and the persistent ones were still unripe at the end of the season. On the contrary,S. stramonifolium showed good adaptation to the new environmental conditions. The plants grew well and produced a lot of ripe berries. Self-pollination as well as cross-pollination by bumblebees (Bombus terrestris) and other insects present in the open air succeeded. Thus, this latter species could be regarded as potentially exploitable in temperate climates as well as in Venezuela.'

"BackgroundThe mitochondria produce up to 95% of a eukaryotic cell's energy through oxidative phosphorylation. The proteins involved in this vital process are under high functional constraints. However, metabolic requirements vary across species, potentially modifying selective pressures. We evaluate the adaptive evolution of 12 protein-coding mitochondrial genes in 41 placental mammalian species by assessing amino acid sequence variation and exploring the functional implications of observed variation in secondary and tertiary protein structures.ResultsWide variation in the properties of amino acids were observed at functionally important regions of cytochrome b in species with more-specialized metabolic requirements (such as adaptation to low energy diet or large body size, such as in elephant, dugong, sloth, and pangolin, and adaptation to unusual oxygen requirements, for example diving in cetaceans, flying in bats, and living at high altitudes in alpacas). Signatures of adaptive variation in the NADH dehydrogenase complex were restricted to the loop regions of the transmembrane units which likely function as protons pumps. Evidence of adaptive variation in the cytochrome c oxidase complex was observed mostly at the interface between the mitochondrial and nuclear-encoded subunits, perhaps evidence of co-evolution. The ATP8 subunit, which has an important role in the assembly of F0, exhibited the highest signal of adaptive variation. ATP6, which has an essential role in rotor performance, showed a high adaptive variation in predicted loop areas.ConclusionOur study provides insight into the adaptive evolution of the mtDNA genome in mammals and its implications for the molecular mechanism of oxidative phosphorylation. We present a framework for future experimental characterization of the impact of specific mutations in the function, physiology, and interactions of the mtDNA encoded proteins involved in oxidative phosphorylation."

'The role of ecotones in the maintenance of species diversity is rather controversial; they may represent either biodiversity hotspots with unique and rare forms, or be transitional areas that hold marginal populations of species. We analyse the taxonomic and functional composition of ant species assemblages across the Subantarctic-Patagonian transition to evaluate the role that transitional shrublands may play in the maintenance of the taxonomic and functional differentiation. We collected ants using 450 pitfall traps within a ~150\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa0150\xc2\xa0km area. Species were classified into functional groups in relation to stress and disturbance, and in foraging groups according to their foraging behavior. An indicator value for each species in each habitat was calculated. The steppes and the forests strongly differed in ant species and functional composition. Climatic effects combined with structural components of plant environment explained about 23\xe2\x80\x9327\xc2\xa0% of the variation in ant composition. The shrublands did not show a distinctive fauna, and show greater similarity in ant species composition and in the proportional occupancy of functional groups to the steppes than to the forests. They harbor neither rare nor indicator species, except for Lasiophanes valdiviensis, and thus this reinforces the idea that they are not a habitat source of species, but an area of encounter between two distinct forest- and steppe- ant faunas, where a high number of local distributional limits of ant species overlap.'

'\nMauritia flexuosa is a keystone species with a broad geographic distribution throughout the Amazon. Environmental changes can impact the reproductive success in a keystone species such as M. flexuosa, which results in a cascade of events that impacts many other species. The present study examined the reproductive phenology in the palm M. flexuosa between December 2010 and November 2012. A 1-ha plot was established in the central Amazon and all palms\xc2\xa0\xe2\x89\xa514\xc2\xa0m tall were labelled for measuring. The following five phenophases were recorded monthly for each labelled palm: (i) spadix formation; (ii) buds; (iii) open flowers; (iv) infructescences with green fruits; and (v) infructescences with ripe fruits. ANOVA and multiple range tests were used to evaluate significant differences among variables for each year. The phenological activity index for each phase was related with regional climate variables, including maximum and minimum daily temperature, monthly accumulated precipitation, cloudiness, flood and water table levels in the plot using a redundancy analysis. Overall, fruiting and flowering AIs exhibited significant differences; however, increased synchronous flowering was recorded during the first year associated with maximum temperatures and a drought period; the second year indicated precipitation sufficient for higher fruit production. Climate also influenced seedling mortality, recruitment, and establishment.'

Abstract not available

'The genus Plasmodium (Plasmodiidae) ranks among the most widespread intracellular protozoan parasites affecting a wide range of mammals, birds, and reptiles. Little information is available about lizard malaria parasites in South America, and the pathological features of the resulting parasitoses remain unknown or poorly understood. To partially fill in these gaps, we conducted blood smear analysis, molecular detection, and phylogenetic and pathological investigations in lizards inhabiting an Atlantic Forest fragment in Paraiba, Brazil. From 104 striped forest whiptails (Kentropyx calcarata) screened for the presence of haemosporidian parasites, 67 (64.4%) were positive. Four of five Amazon lava lizards (Strobilurus torquatus) we collected from this same area were also positive. A total of 27 forest whiptails were infected with a new genetic lineage of Plasmodium kentropyxi and other Plasmodium lineages were also detected. Histopathological analysis in infected forest whiptails revealed systemic intraerythrocytic Plasmodium stages, mainly gametocytes, in the liver, lung, and heart. Also, the liver of infected lizards had mild to moderate levels of Kupffer cell and melanomacrophage hypertrophy/hyperplasia with sinusoid leukocytosis. Overall, our findings suggest that an endemic Plasmodium species causes histological alterations that are not related to major pathological processes in striped forest whiptails.'

'The marine otter Lontra felina is an endangered and little known species living in a fragmented habitat: the coast of Peru and Chile. The smallest marine mammal\xe2\x80\x99s presence is unclear in Argentina and southern Tierra del Fuego and the current limits of the distribution are still under discussion. Recent population genetic studies suggest certain levels of gene flow despite a disjunct population. In the 20th century intensive hunting was the major threat to L. felina. This top predator still faces an uncertain future due to the impactof human activities (urbanization, pollution, and intensive fisheries). There is a need of further studies deepening the knowledge on population genetics, population numbers and migration behavior. Environmental education work, law enforcement and monitoring of protected areas are suggested to secure the survival of the species.'

'We analyzed the butterfly communities in the newly designed city parks (area C), \xe2\x80\x9cnewly opened habitat islands\xe2\x80\x9d, of Tsukuba City, central Japan. The area constituted a natural ecological experiment on the mainland for clarifying the pattern and process of faunal immigration. We compared butterfly communities in area C with those in two other areas in the light of the theory of island biogeography and the concept of generalist/specialist. Our results showed the following: (1) Fewer species were found in area C than in other areas, due largely to the absence of many specialist types, restricted and habitat specialists, and/or low density species in the area. Generalist types, widespread and habitat generalists, and/or high density species predominated in area C. (2) The difference in the species numbers among the three sections within area C could be explained by the habitat structure in and around the respective sections. (3) The densities of many species were low in area C, probably due to its man-modified habitat structure. In particular, several species occurred at extremely low densities in area C, but at high densities in other areas. (4) The internal structure of the habitat island butterfly community in area C was almost perfectly consistent with that of \xe2\x80\x9cquasi-equilibrium\xe2\x80\x9d communities that appear during the colonization of an island. Our results demonstrate that the synergetic application of the generalist/specialist concept and the island biogeography theory is effective for the understanding of the patterns and structures of habitat island communities.'

'Salt licks are key places for the ecological dynamics of wildlife communities around the world and are locations where animals develop geophagical behaviours. Geophagy is a method for animals to supplement their diets or facilitate their digestive processes and is related to the health of individuals and populations. This study characterises a series of salt licks located in the Colombian Amazon foothills and describes their structural, mineralogical and physicochemical properties, as well as the fauna that visit these locations. The results are analysed in reference to the geological characteristics of the study area and in relation to the role of the salt lick in the nutritional ecology of the Amazonian fauna. Located in the study area are two types of salt licks that are significantly different in composition. These salt licks are located in an area where young geological materials have been exposed. The characteristics of the salt licks supports the hypothesis that they are used to solve nutritional problems that result from herbivorous diets. The clear importance of salt licks in the ecology of several Amazonian animal species emphasises the need to prioritise conservation areas by maximising the complementarities of salt lick sites.'

'Intraspecific allometric calculations of the brain to body size relation revealed distinct differences between 127 (67; 60) ancestral wild cavies and 82 (37; 45) guinea pigs, their domesticated relatives. The dependency of both measures from one another remained the same in both animal groups but the brains of guinea pigs were by 14.22% smaller at any net body weight. Consistent with results in other species the domestication of Cavia aperea is also characterized by a decrease of brain size. Fresh tissue sizes of the five brain parts medulla oblongata, cerebellum, mesencephalon, diencephalon and telencephalon were determined for 6 cavies and 6 guinea pigs by the serial section method. Additionally the sizes of 16 endbrain structures and those of the optic tract, the lateral geniculate body and the cochlear nucleus were measured. Different decrease values resulted for all these structures concomitant with domestication as was calculated from the amount of total brain size decrease and average relative structure values in the wild as well as the domesticated brain. The size decrease of the entire telencephalon (-13.7%) was within the range of the mean overall reduction as similarly was the case for the total neocortex (-10.7%) whereas the total allocortex (-20.9%) clearly was more strongly affected. The size decrease of the olfactory bulb (-41.9%) was extreme and clearly higher than found for the secondary olfactory structures (around -11%). The primary nuclei of other sensory systems (vision, audition) were decreased to less extent (lateral geniculate: -18.1%; cochlear nucleus: -12.6%). Mass decreases of pure white matter parts were nearly twice as high in contrast to associated grey matter parts (neocortex white versus grey matter; tractus opticus versus lateral geniculate body). The relatively great decrease values found for the limbic structures hippocampus (-26.9%) and schizocortex(-25.9%) are especially notable since they are in good conformity with domestication effects in other mammalian species. The findings of this study are discussed with regard to results of similar investigations on wild and domesticated gerbils (Meriones unguiculatus), the encephalization of the wild form, the special and species-specific mode and duration of domestication and in connection with certain behavioral changes as resulted from comparative investigations in ethology, socio-biology, endocrinology and general physiology.'

'The fate of sediment seaward of river mouths involves at least four stages: supply via plumes; initial deposition; resuspension and transport by marine processes; and long-term net accumulation. The processes that operate at each stage, and relative roles of each stage in governing the long-term accumulation patterns, vary appreciably with river regime and coastal ocean environment. To illustrate the diversity and illuminate the process of dispersal, information is synthesized for six systems: Amazon, Changjiang, Mississippi, Columbia, Purari, and Huanghe. These systems differ markedly in terms of water discharge, sediment discharge, and coastal energy regime and much of the diversity of dispersal patterns is attributed to these differences as well as to the temporal sequencing of river discharge relative to oceanographic transport processes. Although the sediment: water ratio of the discharge of the Mississippi River is 70 times less than that of the Huanghe, both of these systems exhibit rapid deposition and accumulation of sediments near the river mouths. In contrast, sediments dispersed by, the other four systems are transported greater distances from the mouths by oceanographic processes, and are accumulating over relatively wide areas.'

'Worldwide, the majority of rapidly growing neighborhoods are found in the Global South. They often exhibit different building construction and development patterns than the Global North, and urban climate research in many such neighborhoods has to date been sparse. This study presents local-scale observations of net radiation (Q\n\n*\n) and sensible heat flux (Q\n\nH\n) from a lightweight low-rise neighborhood in the desert climate of Andacollo, Chile, and compares observations with results from a process-based urban energy-balance model (TUF3D) and a local-scale empirical model (LUMPS) for a 14-day period in autumn 2009. This is a unique neighborhood-climate combination in the urban energy-balance literature, and results show good agreement between observations and models for Q\n\n*\n and Q\n\nH\n. The unmeasured latent heat flux (Q\n\nE\n) is modeled with an updated version of TUF3D and two versions of LUMPS (a forward and inverse application). Both LUMPS implementations predict slightly higher Q\n\nE\n than TUF3D, which may indicate a bias in LUMPS parameters towards mid-latitude, non-desert climates. Overall, the energy balance is dominated by sensible and storage heat fluxes with mean daytime Bowen ratios of 2.57 (observed Q\n\nH\n/LUMPS Q\n\nE\n)\xe2\x80\x933.46 (TUF3D). Storage heat flux (\xce\x94Q\n\nS\n) is modeled with TUF3D, the empirical objective hysteresis model (OHM), and the inverse LUMPS implementation. Agreement between models is generally good; the OHM-predicted diurnal cycle deviates somewhat relative to the other two models, likely because OHM coefficients are not specified for the roof and wall construction materials found in this neighborhood. New facet-scale and local-scale OHM coefficients are developed based on modeled \xce\x94Q\n\nS\n and observed Q\n\n*\n. Coefficients in the empirical models OHM and LUMPS are derived from observations in primarily non-desert climates in European/North American neighborhoods and must be updated as measurements in lightweight low-rise (and other) neighborhoods in various climates become available.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'Land-use/land-cover change is the most important factor in causing biodiversity loss. The Mediterranean region has been affected by antropic disturbance for thousands of years, and is, nowadays, one of the most significantly altered hotspots in the world. However, in the last years a significant increase in forest cover has been measured. These new patterns are independent from planned conservation strategies and appear to have a substantial impact on landscapes and biodiversity. We used three land-use/land-cover maps (from 1960 to 2000) covering the Italian peninsula to analyze the pattern of land-use/land-cover change. We measured an increase in forests, especially in mountains, an increase in artificial areas, especially in coastal zones, and a decrease in pastures. Intensively cultivated areas showed a limited decrease while extensively cultivated ones showed a marked decrease. In the same period mammal and bird species followed a similar pattern, with forest birds, ungulates and carnivores increasing, and typically Mediterranean species decreasing. We suggest that our results may provide important information, which could be useful for conservation planning in the entire Mediterranean hotspot. We suggest that an increasing conservation effort should be made to protect the Mediterranean-type forests and scrublands, as well as traditional agricultural practices. Moreover, future conservation efforts should consider the broad socio-political and ecological processes that are most likely to occur across the whole hotspot, especially along coastal areas, and the network of protected areas should be functionally integrated in a conservation strategy that includes the human-dominated landscape.'

Abstract not available

'Background\nThe view that gene flow between related animal species is rare and evolutionarily unimportant largely antedates sensitive molecular techniques. Here we use DNA sequencing to investigate a pair of morphologically and ecologically divergent, non-sibling butterfly species, Heliconius cydno and H. melpomene (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae), whose distributions overlap in Central and Northwestern South America.Results\nIn these taxa, we sequenced 30\xe2\x80\x9345 haplotypes per locus of a mitochondrial region containing the genes for cytochrome oxidase subunits I and II (CoI/CoII), and intron-spanning fragments of three unlinked nuclear loci: triose-phosphate isomerase (Tpi), mannose-6-phosphate isomerase (Mpi) and cubitus interruptus (Ci) genes. A fifth gene, dopa decarboxylase (Ddc) produced sequence data likely to be from different duplicate loci in some of the taxa, and so was excluded. Mitochondrial and Tpi genealogies are consistent with reciprocal monophyly, whereas sympatric populations of the species in Panama share identical or similar Mpi and Ci haplotypes, giving rise to genealogical polyphyly at the species level despite evidence for rapid sequence divergence at these genes between geographic races of H. melpomene.Conclusion\nRecent transfer of Mpi haplotypes between species is strongly supported, but there is no evidence for introgression at the other three loci. Our results demonstrate that the boundaries between animal species can remain selectively porous to gene flow long after speciation, and that introgression, even between non-sibling species, can be an important factor in animal evolution. Interspecific gene flow is demonstrated here for the first time in Heliconius and may provide a route for the transfer of switch-gene adaptations for M\xc3\xbcllerian mimicry. The results also forcefully demonstrate how reliance on a single locus may give an erroneous picture of the overall genealogical history of speciation and gene flow.'

Abstract not available

'The importance of soil organic matter (SOM) in the global carbon (C) cycle has been highlighted by many studies, but the way in which SOM stabilization processes and chemical composition affect decomposition rates under natural climatic conditions is not yet well understood. To relate the temperature sensitivity of heterotrophic soil respiration to the decomposition potential of SOM, we compared temperature sensitivities of respiration rates from a 2-year long soil translocation experiment from four elevations along a\xc2\xa0~3000\xc2\xa0m tropical forest gradient. We determined SOM stabilization mechanisms and the molecular structure of soil C from different horizons collected before and after the translocation. Soil samples were analysed by physical fractionation procedures, 13C nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy, and differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). The temperature sensitivity (Q\n10) of heterotrophic soil respiration at the four sites along the elevation transect did not correlate with either the available amount of SOM or its chemical structure. Only the relative distribution of C into physical soil fractions correlated with Q\n10 values. We therefore conclude that physical fractionation of soil samples is the most appropriate way to assess the temperature sensitivity of SOM.'

'Very little research has been conducted in the Himalayan and Karakorum Highlands of northern Pakistan on the aspects of biodiversity and conservation. The present research was carried out within the scope of the Pakistan\xe2\x80\x93German Research Project, \xe2\x80\x98Culture Area Karakorum\xe2\x80\x99 which aims to highlight the \xe2\x80\x98Problems and Prospects of High-Mountain Research\xe2\x80\x99 in northern Pakistan. Naltar Valley, IUCN Management Category no. 4, located in the western Karakorums, is a remote area with difficult access. The current venture is two-fold; first, it describes the floral biodiversity of this remote area in northern Pakistan and second, discusses its exploitation by various entities with certain management implications to follow. Collection of species, their preservation and dialogue with the local, rural communities offered information on the plant biodiversity, providing the first extensive list of flora at the primary-valley level including their altitude range, habit and month of occurrence. In total, 153 plant species belonging to 38 families and 113 genera have been recorded after extensive field research in the area. Dominance has been observed for Asteraceae, Polygonaceae, Saxifragaceae and Rosaceae. Twenty-four plant species from Naltar emerged as ethnobotanically important for local medicinal uses and some commercial uses. Indeed, Thymus serpyllum, Gentiana tianshanica, Stellaria graminea, Geranium wallichianum and Capparris spinosa are the most important medicinal plants and their demand has increased, leading to over-exploitation. Cedrus deodara has completely disappeared from Naltar and Willow Salix sp. has almost been eradicated, except in the sub-alpine belts. The diversity of plant species within this remote area is very important for its obvious contribution to a sound mountain ecosystem. Prior to the present venture, not much was known about the floral aspects of this mountainous region of northern Pakistan. Many species are new additions to the plant list in this area. The species are distributed within the altitude range of 1,700\xe2\x80\x934,000 m and above, and are further explored for their ethnobotanical uses. It is recorded that some species are extensively used by the indigenous communities, some plant collectors from the lowlands and foreigners as well. Extensive grazing, uprooting of plants and soil-slope erosion intensify the environmental problems. A few species are further used for curing diseases through direct usage or marketing in the lowlands. Unfortunately, due to minor local conflicts, the area has been given low priority for its inclusion in the development and conservation programmes going on in other parts of these mountains. On the other hand, hospitable populations have a greater potential for the success of conservation and the wise usage of programmes. Concerted efforts are required to broaden our understanding of the dynamics of floral values as well as local concepts in this remote part of the world, and to check species decline. For sustainable use, in situ and ex situ conservation, controlled harvesting and aforestation may be the solution. Further extensive field conservation/management research is needed.'

'Climate change and habitat modification both alter thermal environments and species distributions. However, these drivers of global change are rarely studied together, even though many species are experiencing climate change and habitat modification simultaneously. Here we review existing literature and propose avenues for merging the largely disparate lines of climate and landscape ecological research using temperature exposure and species\xe2\x80\x99 thermal sensitivity as a shared framework. The integration of research on climate and landscape change is in the early stages and lags behind research focused solely on the ecological effects of climate change. Recent studies highlight important mismatches between the resolution of widely used climate datasets and ecological processes, which can be addressed through detailed mapping of thermal landscapes and the microclimates within them. Furthermore, the thermal niches of species, evolved under past climates, can predict the responses of species to changing microclimates associated with habitat modification; this suggests that microclimates and thermal niches may together act as a common filter, reassembling communities in response to both climate and landscape change. There is a need to further integrate microclimate and thermal niche data into landscape ecological research to advance our basic understanding of the combined effects of landscape and climate change and to provide actionable data for climate adaptation strategies that largely focus on activities at landscape scales.'

'Recently, Whitaker (1971: 327) has reaffirmed his position that the bottle gourd is indigenous to Africa and may have been diffused either by transoceanic drift or by human transport. The evidence elaborated herein, however, supports the conclusions that (1)Lagenaria is not a monotypic genus and had an ancient pantropical distribution; (2) human utilization ofLagenaria is at least 15,000 years old in the New World and 12,000 years in the Old World; (3) the early dates for the use ofLagenaria are far too early convincingly to suggest transoceanic diffusion by man, although drifting of gourds from Africa or Asia may have occurred; (4) the earliest use ofLagenaria was probably as a wild plant in the context of a hunting and gathering society; and (5)Lagenaria was independently domesticated in the Old and New Worlds.'

'One-hundred and fourteen virus species are transmitted by whiteflies (family Aleyrodidae). Bemisia tabaci transmits 111 of these species while Trialeurodes vaporariorum and T. abutilonia transmit three species each. B. tabaci and T. vaporariorum are present in the European\xe2\x80\x93Mediterranean region, though the former is restricted in its distribution. Of the whitefly-transmitted virus species, 90% belong to the Begomovirus genus, 6% to the Crinivirus genus and the remaining 4% are in the Closterovirus, Ipomovirus or Carlavirus genera. Other named, whitefly-transmitted viruses that have not yet been ranked as species are also documented. The names, abbreviations and synonyms of the whitefly-transmitted viruses are presented in tabulated form together with details of their whitefly vectors, natural hosts and distribution. Entries are also annotated with references. Whitefly-transmitted viruses affecting plants in the European\xe2\x80\x93Mediterranean region have been highlighted in the text.'

'McClintock, Kalo Y., and Blumenschein reported the occurrence of abnormal chromosome 10, B chromosomes, and chromosomal knobs of various sizes in more than 300 accessions of maize, representing most of the ca. 40 races indigenous to Mexico, Guatemala, and Central America. In the present paper, their data were first transformed into frequencies and then subjected to principal component and cluster analyses. Variational patterns in chromosomal characteristics often were congruent with other lines of systematic evidence and suggested the existence of several karyotypic groups. The highland karyotypic groups (Guatemalan Big Grain and Mexican Pyramidal) were relatively well defined, but the lower elevation Tux-pe\xc3\xb1o, Reventador, and Dzit Bacal groups were more diffuse. The systematic relationships of several problematic races, some of which were native to intermediate elevations, were clarified. Individual bivariate correlations between the frequency of particular karyotypic features and altitude confirmed the association between these variables that was reported previously.'

'Soil organic matter (SOM) represents one of the largest reservoirs of carbon on the global scale. Thus, the temperature sensitivity of bulk SOM and of different SOM fractions is a key factor determining the response of the terrestrial carbon balance to climatic warming. We condense the available knowledge about the potential temperature sensitivity and the actual temperature sensitivity of decomposition in situ, which ultimately depends on substrate availability. We review and evaluate contradictory results of estimates of the temperature sensitivity of bulk SOM and of different SOM fractions. The contradictory results demonstrate a need to focus research on biological and physicochemical controls of SOM stabilisation and destabilisation processes as a basis for understanding strictly causal relationships and kinetic properties of key processes that determine pool sizes and turnover rates of functional SOM pools. The current understanding is that temperature sensitivity of SOM mineralisation is governed by the following factors: (1) the stability of SOM, (2) the substrate availability, which is determined by the balance between input of organic matter, stabilisation and mineralisation of SOM, (3) the physiology of the soil microflora, its efficiency in substrate utilisation and its temperature optima and (4) physicochemical controls of destabilisation and stabilisation processes, like pH and limitation of water, oxygen and nutrient supply. As soil microflora is functionally omnipotent and most SOM is of high age and stability, the temperature dependence of stable SOM pools is the central question that determines C stocks and stock changes under global warming.'

'When compiling The Greenland Entomofauna. An Identification Manual of Insects, Spiders and Their Allies (ed. by J. B\xc3\xb6cher and N.P. Kristensen), the mite collections kept at the Zoological Museum of the University of Copenhagen were processed. As a result, illustrated keys and a photo atlas of the genera were prepared. An analysis of the type material preserved in the Museum allowed three taxa of Mesostigmata to be synonymized: Vulgarogamasus immanis (Berlese, 1903) = Parasitus fucicola Tr\xc3\xa4g\xc3\xa5rdh, 1904 syn. n.; Pneumolaelaps groenlandicus (Tr\xc3\xa4g\xc3\xa5rdh, 1904) = Hypoaspis (Pneumolaelaps) arctos Karg, 1984 syn. n.; Zercon hammerae Sellnick, 1960 = Z. thulium Athias-Henriot, 1980 syn. n. The number of mite species known in Greenland increased from 158 to 290 (59 species were identified only to the generic level). They belong to the orders Parasitiformes (Mesostigmata 63 species, Ixodida 1) and Acariformes (Prostigmata 94, Endeostigmata 5, Oribatida 110, Astigmata 17). The free-living mite fauna in general is characterized by a complete taxonomic structure and a full range of ecological diversity. The Greenland fauna of oribatid mites mainly consists of widespread polyzonal species (70%) while specialized cryobiont (arctic and arctomontane) species are few (4%); the Nearctic species prevail over the European invaders with a ratio of 1.5: 1. On the contrary, the gamasid mite fauna includes only 25% of widespread species; the cryobiont elements comprise up to 45%; the ratio of the species of Nearctic and Palaearctic origin is 1: 4.'

Abstract not available

'Most montane and alpine ecosystem climate change studies have focused on changes in biota; few report temperature changes from several stations. This study reports temperature changes in the San Luis Valley (SLV) based on climate station data from a 113-year period. The SLV is a high sub-alpine desert, and the local community relies heavily upon the local irrigated agriculture for its livelihood. Because of the importance of agriculture to the local community and the effects climate change may have on agriculture, this study investigates differences in annual and growing season temperatures. Data from seven climate stations on the floor of the SLV were obtained from the National Climate Data Center, adjusted for inhomogeneities and reconstructed\xe2\x80\x94where necessary\xe2\x80\x94from 1895 to 2008. Change point analysis was employed to identify distinct periods of different mean temperatures values. Change point analysis identified 1993\xe2\x80\x931994 as the change point in mean annual temperature. Maximum, minimum, and mean annual temperature for each period, 1895\xe2\x80\x931993 and 1994\xe2\x80\x932008, were then compared using a one-tailed General Linear Model to determine the presence of significant increases in mean temperature values, which indicated an approximate increase in annual mean temperature of 1\xc2\xb0C and growing season temperature increase of 0.65\xc2\xb0C, after 1993. The temperature changes reported here do not correspond to the events related to PDO, ENSO, or NAO. No local land use changes could be attributed to the temperature increases or the latent response to global changes, either. Therefore, since the temperature change occurred 15\xe2\x80\x9320\xc2\xa0years after the typically reported 1976 beginning of increases in global mean temperature, we conclude the changes to be an artifact of the local topography and result from global temperature change, similar to the few other high-elevation temperature studies.'

'There is no place on Earth like the Galapagos Islands and no better destination to discuss the reality of evolution. Under the theme ?Why Does Evolution Matter?, the University San Francisco of Quito (USFQ), Ecuador, and its Galapagos Institute for the Arts and Sciences (GAIAS), organized the III World Evolution Summit in San Crist?bal Island. The 200-attendee meeting took place on 1 to 5 June 2013; it included 12 keynote speakers, 20 oral presentations by international scholars, and 31 posters by faculty, postdocs, and graduate and undergraduate students. The Summit encompassed five sessions: evolution and society, pre-cellular evolution and the RNA world, behavior and environment, genome, and microbes and diseases. USFQ and GAIAS launched officially the Lynn Margulis Center for Evolutionary Biology and showcased the Galapagos Science Center, in San Crist?bal, an impressive research facility conceptualized in partnership with the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA. USFQ and GAIAS excelled at managing the conference with exceptional vision and at highlighting the relevance of Galapagos in the history of modern evolutionary thinking; Charles Darwin?s visit to this volcanic archipelago in 1835 unfolded unprecedented scientific interest in what today is a matchless World Heritage.'

'We propose a human-centered evolutionary curriculum based around the three questions: Who am I? Where do I come from? How do I fit in? We base our curriculum on our experiences as an evolutionary biologist/paleontologist (NE) and as a secondary level special education science teacher (GE)\xe2\x80\x94and not least from our joint experience as co-editors-in-chief of this journal. Our proposed curriculum starts and ends with human biology and evolution, linking these themes with topics as diverse as the \xe2\x80\x9ctree of life\xe2\x80\x9d (systematics), anthropology, Charles Darwin, cultural evolution, ecology, developmental biology, molecular evolution/genetics, paleontology, and plate tectonics. The curriculum is \xe2\x80\x9cuniversal\xe2\x80\x9d as it is designed to be taught at all levels, K\xe2\x80\x9316. The curriculum is flexible: \xe2\x80\x9cmodules\xe2\x80\x9d may be expanded and contracted, reordered, or modified to fit specific grade level needs\xe2\x80\x94and the requirements and interests of local curricula and teachers. We further propose that students utilize workbooks from online or printed sources to investigate the local answers to the general questions (e.g., \xe2\x80\x9cWho am I?\xe2\x80\x9d), while classroom instruction is focused on the larger scale issues outlined in the modules of our curriculum.'

'The harlequin ladybird, Harmonia axyridis (Pallas) (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae), is native to Asia but has been intentionally introduced to many countries as a biological control agent of pest insects. In numerous countries, however, it has been introduced unintentionally. The dramatic spread of H. axyridis within many countries has been met with considerable trepidation. It is a generalist top predator, able to thrive in many habitats and across wide climatic conditions. It poses a threat to biodiversity, particularly aphidophagous insects, through competition and predation, and in many countries adverse effects have been reported on other species, particularly coccinellids. However, the patterns are not consistent around the world and seem to be affected by many factors including landscape and climate. Research on H. axyridis has provided detailed insights into invasion biology from broad patterns and processes to approaches in surveillance and monitoring. An impressive number of studies on this alien species have provided mechanistic evidence alongside models explaining large-scale patterns and processes. The involvement of citizens in monitoring this species in a number of countries around the world is inspiring and has provided data on scales that would be otherwise unachievable. Harmonia axyridis has successfully been used as a model invasive alien species and has been the inspiration for global collaborations at various scales. There is considerable scope to expand the research and associated collaborations, particularly to increase the breadth of parallel studies conducted in the native and invaded regions. Indeed a qualitative comparison of biological traits across the native and invaded range suggests that there are differences which ultimately could influence the population dynamics of this invader. Here we provide an overview of the invasion history and ecology of H. axyridis globally with consideration of future research perspectives. We reflect broadly on the contributions of such research to our understanding of invasion biology while also informing policy and people.'

'Nongovernmental organizations are increasingly influencing resource management and land use in areas of small farm agriculture in Latin America. A field study of NGOs working in upper Canar, a region in the southern highlands of Ecuador, documents the changing human environment relations in an indigenous area and the influence of NGOs in the change process. Case studies of PLAN International and CARE indicate that the NGOs are helping marginalized producers shift land use away from traditional grains and tubers toward dairying and vegetables. Given current needs and resource constraints, the new land uses represent effective adaptive strategies. However, the NGO work is having notable consequences for land use intensity and labor utilization patterns.'

'This article has attempted to reinterpret a now extinct prehistoric people, the Mochica of Peru, in light of our knowledge of contemporary regional hallucinogenic use. An analysis of Mochica pottery motifs suggests the use of a variety of plant hallucinogens which may have permitted access to supernatural realms. I have argued that studies such as this of prehistoric peoples show the central role that hallucinogenic plants have had throughout time and present a new path to the understanding of prehistoric religions.'

'In the last few years, studies about climate successions in Rio Grande do Sul State (southern Brazil) during the Quaternary increased significantly, mostly due to palynological studies. The knowledge about Quaternary small mammals from Rio Grande do Sul is very poor. However, among the results obtained by archeological research there is an interesting collection of small mammals exhumated from rock shelter deposits. Here we describe the marsupial fauna found in two sites: Garivaldino and Sang\xc3\xa3o. Both sites are located at the boundary between two large Neotropical subregions, Chaco and Parana. Sediments from these two sites are from the early, middle, and part of the late Holocene. Additionally, we discuss paleobiogeographic, paleoenvironmental, and paleoclimatic aspects, on the basis of the seven taxa recorded: Gracilinanus microtarsus, G. agilis, Monodelphis americana, Thylamys velutinus, Thylamys cf. T. velutinus, Philander opossum, and Didelphis sp. Paleoenvironmental aspects inferred for both sites are consistent: the emergence of typical elements of the current Parana biogeographic subregion was probably established by the end of the early Holocene or the beginning of the middle Holocene. Conclusions are also coherent with the results previously obtained from palynological sequences in these same localities. The micro-marsupials sequence suggests that the environmental changes were not abrupt but gradual during the Holocene in Rio Grande do Sul State.'

'BackgroundStudying the behavioral response of blood-sucking disease-vector insects to potentially repellent volatile compounds could shed light on the development of new control strategies. Volatiles released by human facial skin microbiota play different roles in the host-seeking behavior of triatomines. We assessed the repellency effect of such compounds of bacterial origin on Triatoma infestans and Rhodnius prolixus, two important vectors of Chagas disease in Latin America.MethodsUsing an exposure device, insects were presented to human odor alone (control) and in the presence of three individual test compounds (2-mercaptoethanol, dimethyl sulfide and 2-phenylethanol, the latter only tested in R. prolixus) and the gold-standard repellent NN-diethyl-3-methylbenzamide (DEET). We quantified the time the insects spent in the proximity of the host and determined if any of the compounds evaluated affected the behavior of the insects.ResultsWe found volatiles that significantly reduced the time spent in the proximity of the host. These were 2-phenylethanol and 2-mercaptoethanol for R. prolixus, and dimethyl sulfide and 2-mercaptoethanol for T. infestans. Such an effect was also observed in both species when DEET was presented, although only at the higher doses tested.ConclusionsThe new repellents modulated the behavior of two Chagas disease vectors belonging to two different triatomine tribes, and this was achieved using a dose up to three orders of magnitude lower than that needed to evoke the same effect with DEET. Future efforts in understanding the mechanism of action of repellent compounds such as 2-mercaptoethanol, as well as an assessment of their temporal and spatial repellent properties, could lead to the development of novel control strategies for these insect vectors, refractory to DEET.'

'We have used coalescent analysis of mtDNA cytochrome b (cyt b) sequences to estimate times of divergence of three species of Alouatta\xe2\x80\x94A. caraya, A. belzebul, and A. guariba\xe2\x80\x94which are in close geographic proximity. A. caraya is inferred to have diverged from the A. guariba/A. belzebul clade approximately 3.83\xc2\xa0 million years ago (MYA), with the later pair diverging approximately 1.55\xc2\xa0MYA. These dates are much more recent than previous dates based on molecular-clock methods. In addition, analyses of new sequences from the Atlantic Coastal Forest species A. guariba indicate the presence of two distinct haplogroups corresponding to northern and southern populations with both haplogroups occurring in sympatry within Sao Paulo state. The time of divergence of these two haplogroups is estimated to be 1.2\xc2\xa0MYA and so follows quite closely after the divergence of A. guariba and A. belzebul. These more recent dates point to the importance of Pleistocene environmental events as important factors in the diversification of A. belzebul and A. guariba. We discuss the diversification of the three Alouatta species in the context of recent models of climatic change and with regard to recent molecular phylogeographic analyses of other animal groups distributed in Brazil.'

'Lutzomyia longipalpis (Lutz & Neiva) is the main vector of Leishmania infantum (Nicolle) in America, associated in turn with the current spread and urbanization of American visceral leishmaniasis (AVL). The vector distribution in AVL foci shows a spatial-temporal clustering despite the different epidemiological contexts. The factors associated with the macroscale distribution of Lu. longipalpis as a landscape stratification are discussed in the framework of the process of their adaptation to anthropized environments. On the other hand, the fact that Lu. longipalpis is clustered in only a few hot spots or critical sites suggests that microscale approaches that describe the trap surrounding environment and the availability of refuges and food sources are better at explaining the uneven distribution of this vector, and should contribute, together with macroscale variables, to design operational control strategies. With regard to temporal distribution and climatic or vegetation data obtained by remote sensing as variables to explain and forecast the abundance of Lu. longipalpis, it is necessary to take into account the time lags in relation to the life cycle of the vector, the difference between the level of daily activity and actual abundance, and the differences in critical variables and thresholds according to the region or season. In conclusion, this review shows that it is feasible to characterize the distribution of Lu. longipalpis at focus level and within it to identify the main critical sites, proposing a sequential cost-effectivity strategy for urban AVL surveillance and control.'

'Crop diversity protects food consumption in poor households within developing nations. Here we estimate the association between crop diversity on swidden fields and ethnobotanical knowledge. We conducted research among 215 male household heads from a native Amazonian society. Using multivariate regressions, we found higher crop diversity among households that depend on agricultural production for household consumption. We also found a statistically significant and positive, but low, association between the ethnobotanical knowledge of the male household head and crop diversity. Doubling the stock of ethnobotanical knowledge of the male household head is associated with a 9% increase in the number of crops sown by a household. The association remained after we controlled for the household level of market exposure, but vanished after we controlled for the social capital of the male household head. Future research should compare the association between ethnobotanical knowledge and crop diversity across different agricultural systems (i.e., home gardens, fallow fields).'

'Since the 1950s, noteworthy farmland abandonment has been occurring in many developed countries and some developing countries. This global land use phenomenon has fundamentally altered extensive rural landscapes. A review of global farmland abandonment under the headings of \xe2\x80\x9cland use change\xe2\x80\x93driving mechanisms\xe2\x80\x93impacts and consequences\xe2\x80\x93policy responses\xe2\x80\x9d found the following: (1) Farmland abandonment has occurred primarily in developed countries in Europe and North America, but the extent of abandonment has varied significantly. (2) Changing socio-economic factors were the primary driving forces for the farmland abandonment. And land marginalization was the fundamental cause, which was due to the drastic increase of farming opportunity cost, while the direct factor for abandonment was the shrink of agricultural labor forces. (3) Whether to abandon, to what extent and its spatial distributions were finally dependent on integrated effect from the physical conditions, laborer attributes, farming and regional socio-economic conditions at the village, household and parcel scales. With the exception of Eastern Europe, farmland abandonment was more likely to occur in mountainous and hilly areas, due to their unfavorable farming conditions. (4) A study of farmland abandonment should focus on its ecological and environmental effects, while which is more positive or more negative are still in dispute. (5) Increasing agricultural subsidies will be conductive to slowing the rate of farmland abandonment, but this is not the only measure that needs to be implemented.Due to China\xe2\x80\x99s rapid urbanization, there is a high probability that the rate of abandonment will increase in the near future. However, very little research has focused on this rapid land-use trend in China, and, as a result, there is an inadequate understanding of the dynamic mechanisms and consequences of this phenomenon. This paper concludes by suggesting some future directions for further research in China. These directions include monitoring regional and national abandonment dynamics, analyzing trends, assessing the risks and socio-economic effects of farmland abandonment, and informing policy making.'

'Workers of the tropical ant tribes Basicerotini and Stegomyrmecini possess two dominant forms of setae on the dorsal surfaces of the body and outer surfaces of the legs: longer \xe2\x80\x9cbrush\xe2\x80\x9d hairs with splintered distal ends, and shorter \xe2\x80\x9cholding\xe2\x80\x9d hairs that vary among species from plumose to blade-shaped or filiform. The two usually but not invariably occur together to create a double layer. The brush hairs evidently scrape or otherwise capture fine particles of soil, while the holding hairs help to keep them in place next to the surface exoskeleton. As the worker ages, the soil accumulates as a thin, mud-like layer, greatly enhancing the overall camouflage of the body. The material appears to be primarily or entirely exogenous; no special secretory cells were found (in Basiceros manni, studied for this purpose) that might contribute cryptically colored chemicals or adhesive substances to hold the soil in place.'

'BackgroundThe genus Ilex (Aquifoliaceae) has a near-cosmopolitan distribution in mesic habitats from tropical to temperate lowlands and in alpine forests. It has a high rate of hybridization and plastid capture, and comprises four geographically structured plastid groups. A previous study showed that the plastid rbcL gene, coding for the large subunit of Rubisco, has a particularly high rate of non-synonymous substitutions in Ilex, when compared with other plant lineages. This suggests a strong positive selection on rbcL, involved in yet unknown adaptations. We therefore investigated positive selection on rbcL in 240 Ilex sequences from across the global range.ResultsThe rbcL gene shows a much higher rate of positive selection in Ilex than in any other plant lineage studied so far (>\xe2\x80\x893000 species) by tests in both PAML and SLR. Most positively selected residues are on the surface of the folded large subunit, suggesting interaction with other subunits and associated chaperones, and coevolution between positively selected residues is prevalent, indicating compensatory mutations to recover molecular stability. Coevolution between positively selected sites to restore global stability is common.ConclusionsThis study has confirmed the predicted high incidence of positively selected residues in rbcL in Ilex, and shown that this is higher than in any other plant lineage studied so far. The causes and consequences of this high incidence are unclear, but it is probably associated with the similarly high incidence of hybridization and introgression in Ilex, even between distantly related lineages, resulting in large cytonuclear discordance in the phylogenies.'

'BackgroundLittle is known about the epidemiology of Toxoplasma gondii and Neospora caninum infections in alpacas (Vicugna pacos) and llamas (Lama glama) outside South America. The study aimed to estimate the seroprevalence of T. gondii and N. caninum infections in South American camelids (SAC) in Switzerland, to optimize serological tests for SAC and to identify risk factors, which may favour infection.MethodsA total of 571 sera from 132 Swiss farms (374 alpacas and 197 llamas, mean 4.3 animals/farm) were obtained. Four commercial enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISA) for detecting antibodies against T. gondii (ID Screen\xc2\xae Toxoplasmosis Indirect (TOXO-MS)) or N. caninum (i.e. ID Screen\xc2\xae Neospora caninum Indirect Multi-species (NCS-MS); ID Screen\xc2\xae Neospora caninum Competition (NCC) and ID Screen\xc2\xae Neospora caninum Indirect (NCS)) were first assessed for their use on SAC comparing their results with those in immunoblot, and optimizing cut-offs. Subsequently, two kits (TOXO-MS and NCS-MS) were selected for seroprevalence estimation. Additionally, a risk factor analysis for infection was performed on 41 farms, which agreed to participate in a web-based survey.ResultsThree kits (TOXO-MS, NCS-MS and NCC) showed almost perfect agreement (kappa > 0.901) with immunoblot results when the cut-offs were optimized, and one kit (NCS) proved not to be useful for detecting N. caninum seropositive SAC. By TOXO-MS ELISA, 82.3% (308/374) of the alpacas and 84.8% (167/197) of the llamas were seropositive for T. gondii, and 131/132 (99.2%) farms had seropositive animals. By NCS-MS ELISA, 3.5% (13/374) of the alpacas and 2.5% (5/197) of the llamas evidenced antibodies against N. caninum, and 9.1% (12/132) of the farms had seropositive animals. The variables \xe2\x80\x9cage\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cfemale sex\xe2\x80\x9d were identified as risk factors for T. gondii infection and \xe2\x80\x9cabsence of cats in the farm during the last two years\xe2\x80\x9d as a protective factor. No risk or protective factors for N. caninum infection could be identified.ConclusionsThis nationwide cross-sectional study demonstrated for the first time the presence of antibodies against T. gondii and N. caninum in the Swiss SAC population, highlighting a high seroprevalence for T. gondii, the presence of cats as a risk factor and suggesting that SAC meat might represent an additional infection source for humans.'

'The ancestral form of the cultivated tomato was originally confined to the Peru-Ecuador area. After spreading north possibly as a weed in pre-Columbian times it was not extensively domesticated until it reached Mexico, and from there the cultivated forms were disseminated.'

'Myrtaceae is one of the richest families in the Atlantic Forest, a priority biodiversity hotspot that continues to be highly threatened, subject to rapid urbanisation and high levels of resource exploitation. Authors have suggested that individual lineages can be used as models to study biome evolution and ecology and to provide data for conservation planning in these areas. Here we review how Myrtaceae fit the \xe2\x80\x98model\xe2\x80\x99 criteria and examine the family\xe2\x80\x99s distribution throughout the Brazilian Atlantic Forest answering the questions: What is the ecological representation of Myrtaceae in the Atlantic Forest?; What is the current taxonomic situation of Myrtaceae in the biome?; What is the current phylogenetic understanding in the family?; Does the historical timeframe of the lineage coincide with that of the biome?; Can Myrtaceae be used to discuss species diversity hotspots within the Atlantic forests?; What is the role of Myrtaceae in conservation strategy? And finally, Can Myrtaceae be used as a \xe2\x80\x98model\xe2\x80\x99 taxon? The concept of the \xe2\x80\x98model taxon\xe2\x80\x99 is also discussed. The review concludes that taxonomic and phlyogenetic understanding in Myrtaceae are rapidly increasing, giving hope that taxonomic stability, easy species identification and management are realistic in a way unthinkable only a few decades ago. Myrtaceae function well as a \xe2\x80\x98model\xe2\x80\x99 within the Atlantic forest but fit some criteria better than others. Taxa can qualify as \xe2\x80\x98models\xe2\x80\x99 representing different times and pressures in the history of a given biome; each tells its own story. For future \xe2\x80\x98model\xe2\x80\x99 group studies to have maximum impact and implementation for evolutionary studies and conservation strategy, synthetic studies of multiple \xe2\x80\x98model\xe2\x80\x99 groups using multiple approaches are required; only then can a predictive understanding of past and future processes in the biomes concerned, be glimpsed.'

Abstract not available

'Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule predicts increasing body sizes at higher elevations. The elevational Rapoport\xe2\x80\x99s rule predicts an increase of elevational range size with higher elevations. Both rules have often been related to effects of temperature. Larger bodies allow more efficient heat preservation at lower temperature, explaining Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule. Higher temperature variability may select for adaptations that allow increased range sizes, explaining Rapoport\xe2\x80\x99s rule. The generality of both rules has been challenged and evidence towards explanatory mechanisms has been equivocal. We investigated temperature and its variability as explanations for Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s and Rapoport\xe2\x80\x99s rule in moths along an elevation gradient in Switzerland. In particular, we tested for relationships between elevation, temperature and body size across almost 300 species of Macrolepidoptera along a gradient from 600 to 2400 m a.s.l. The gradient was resampled throughout the vegetation season, which allowed assessing temperature effects independently from elevation. We controlled analyses for covariate traits of moths and their phylogeny. We found a positive relationship between body size and elevation, but no link with temperature. Furthermore, there was no positive link between average elevation and elevational range, but there was between temperature variability and elevational range. We conclude that mechanisms other than temperature can lead to increasing body sizes with elevation (supporting Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s pattern, but not the mechanism). Contrary to that, data support the mechanism for Rapoport\xe2\x80\x99s rule: high temperature variability is associated with large ranges. However, because temperature variability is not necessarily increasing with elevation, it may not always lead to the geographic pattern predicted.'

'The haploid chromosome number of the South American butterfly Philaethria dido varies from 12 to 88. Eight different numbers have been found in this species complex. The related Ph. pygmalion and Ph. wernickei usually show only n=29, a very frequent number in the Lepidoptera; numbers of n=15 and n=21 for these species need confirmation. The most common chromosome number for Ph. dido is also the highest, n=88, and is found in many parts of northern and central Brazil on the Amazon river and its tributaries, as well as adjacent parts of other countries. The other numbers were observed mainly in northern South America and along the east coast. Two very different numbers were found together in four localities. We did not find specimens with meiotic features suggesting hybridization between individuals with different chromosome numbers. The diverse numbers in Ph. dido may belong to good sibling species, distinguishable externally by very minor characters. Since Ph. dido is a very primitive species in the tribe Heliconiini, dating probably from the early Tertiary, it probably has had many opportunities to undergo divergent chromosome evolution in isolation. Its strong, high flight and broad ecological valence would then permit rapid spreading out and coexistence of different chromosome forms, which in some cases have been noted to show diverse behaviour in the field.'

'Agroforestry has become an important land use type in Central and South America. It is important to study agroforestry systems because of their ability to sequester carbon. This study investigates plantations that are located in the foothills of the Peruvian Andes, and it evaluates the aboveground and soil carbon storage of agroforestry coffee plantations with different dominant shading trees, including Inga spp., Pinus spp. (both 15\xc2\xa0years old) and Eucalyptus spp. (7\xc2\xa0years old). These agroforestry systems were also compared to a coffee plantation without shading trees. Biomass and carbon were estimated for trees and coffee shrubs using allometric equations. Soil (within depth of 30\xc2\xa0cm) and litter carbon were estimated using field sampling and laboratory analyses. The total carbon stock for the site dominated by Inga spp. was 119.9\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa019.5\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921, while for the sites dominated by Pinus spp. it was 177.5\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa014.1\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 and for the site dominated by Eucalyptus spp. it was 162.3\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa018.2\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921. In the Sun coffee site the ecosystem carbon stock was 99.7\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa017.2\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921. Most carbon was fixed in the soil compartment (57\xe2\x80\x9399\xc2\xa0%), followed by aboveground tree biomass (23\xe2\x80\x9332\xc2\xa0%), tree belowground biomass (8\xe2\x80\x939\xc2\xa0%), coffee shrubs (0.2\xe2\x80\x932\xc2\xa0%) and litter (1\xc2\xa0%).'

'DNA studies are revealing the extent of hidden, or cryptic, biodiversity. Two new studies challenge paradigms about cryptic biodiversity and highlight the importance of adding a historical and biogeographic dimension to biodiversity research.'

'\nTapirira chimalapana is a new species of tree common in the rain forests and lower montane forests of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in the Mexican states of Veracruz and Oaxaca. It is most similar to the AndeanT. guianensis Aubl. subsp.subandina Barfod & Holm-Niels. but differs from this and all other congeners by having larger petals on pistillate flowers than on staminate flowers and by pubescence features. Details of field characteristics, distribution, ecology, phenology, germination, and local names and uses are included.'

'Understanding large-scale patterns of beta- and alpha diversity is essential for ecoregional conservation planning. Using the 110,000\xc2\xa0km2 shallow basin of the Beni savannas of northeastern Bolivia, we examined the spatial patterns of biological diversity of four taxonomic groups (bats, palms, reptiles, and amphibians). Since the Beni savannas are shaped by cycles of drought and flood, and farming, which, together with topography, create a mosaic of sub-ecoregions from Amazonian forests to aquatic vegetation, we hypothesize that this landscape heterogeneity results in a high turnover in species composition across sub-ecoregions. We compiled species lists for each taxon and modeled the potential distribution of each species using the algorithm MaxEnt. For those species whose modeled potential distribution produced incongruous results, we built presence-absence maps. Using the potential distribution maps, we estimated the lists of species for each sub-ecoregion. In order to establish present similarities in species composition between sub-ecoregions, we constructed dendrograms using cluster analysis of presence-absence matrices. The sub-ecoregions associated with the Moxos (southern part of the Beni savannas) were richer than the sub-ecoregions composing the Beni Cerrado (northern part of the Beni savannas). Centers of species richness were detected in the savanna-type sub-ecoregions (bats and reptiles) or associated with the V\xc3\xa1rzea forests (palms and amphibians). A south-north gradient in the pattern of distribution of four taxonomic groups was also recorded. The results suggest that the patterns of biological diversity partially respond to the mosaic arrangement of the landscape. Future exercises on conservation planning will point to total target areas about 5,000\xc2\xa0km\xc2\xb2. This area seems to be sufficient to contain the biological richness of the region at least for the taxa analyzed.'

'Several studies have demonstrated a latitudinal gradient in the proportion of omnivorous fish species (that is, consumers of both vegetal and animal material) in marine ecosystems. To establish if this global macroecological pattern also exists in fresh and brackish waters, we compared the relative richness of omnivorous fish in freshwater, estuarine, and marine ecosystems at contrasting latitudes. Furthermore, we sought to determine the main environmental correlates of change in fish omnivory. We conducted a meta-analysis of published data focusing on change in the relative richness of omnivorous fishes in native fish communities along a broad global latitudinal gradient, ranging from 41\xc2\xb0S to 81.5\xc2\xa0N\xc2\xb0 including all continents except for Antarctica. Data from streams, rivers, lakes, reservoirs, estuaries, and open marine waters (ca. 90 papers covering 269 systems) were analyzed. Additionally, the relationship between the observed richness in omnivory and key factors influencing trophic structure were explored. For all ecosystems, we found a consistent increasing trend in the relative richness of omnivores with decreasing latitude. Furthermore, omnivore richness was higher in freshwaters than in marine ecosystems. Our results suggest that the observed latitudinal gradient in fish omnivory is a global ecological pattern occurring in both freshwater and marine ecosystems. We hypothesize that this macroecological pattern in fish trophic structure is, in part, explained by the higher total fish diversity at lower latitudes and by the effect of temperature on individual food intake rates; both factors ultimately increasing animal food limitation as the systems get warmer.'

'Water scarcity is a becoming a critical issue globally, driven largely by the demands of an exponentially growing human population and complicated by the impacts of climate change on the amounts and distribution of precipitation. It is also due to mismanagement as scarce water resources are being used simultaneously for irrigation, power generation, public and industrial water supply, flood reduction, and wastewater disposal without consideration of the cumulative impacts to the water resources themselves. This paper outlines eight ecologically based principles and associated guidelines as the basis for integrated and watershed-based management of the world\xe2\x80\x99s water resources.'

'\nI studied a group of woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha)for 1800 hr from early 1985 until September 1987 near the lower Apaporis river of the Vaup\xc3\xa9s Department in the eastern Colombian Amazon. The group had an activity budget of 29.9% rest, 38.8% move, 25.8% forage, and 5.5% other activities during 720 hr of observations evenly spaced throughout this year. The only significant change in these activities during the study period was social activity, which increased as a function of increased food supply. Average diurnal activities of resting and moving are negatively correlated, and each activity show significant changes during the day, while foraging show no significant change. The activity budgets of the adult males and females are not significantly different, but the activities of the juveniles and infants showed much more social activity than the adults. High moving scores may be correlated with the comparative infertility of the soils of the Capar\xc3\xba forest, which require increased effort to maintain the energy levels necessary for maintenance and reproduction in Lagothrix.'

Abstract not available

'BackgroundMepraia gajardoi and Mepraia spinolai are endemic triatomine vector species of Trypanosoma cruzi, a parasite that causes Chagas disease. These vectors inhabit arid, semiarid and Mediterranean areas of Chile. Mepraia gajardoi occurs from 18\xc2\xb0 to 25\xc2\xb0S, and M. spinolai from 26\xc2\xb0 to 34\xc2\xb0S. Even though both species are involved in T. cruzi transmission in the Pacific side of the Southern Cone of South America, no study has modelled their distributions at a regional scale. Therefore, the aim of this study is to estimate the potential geographical distribution of M. spinolai and M. gajardoi under current and future climate scenarios.MethodsWe used the Maxent algorithm to model the ecological niche of M. spinolai and M. gajardoi, estimating their potential distributions from current climate information and projecting their distributions to future climatic conditions under representative concentration pathways (RCP) 2.6, 4.5, 6.0 and 8.5 scenarios. Future predictions of suitability were constructed considering both higher and lower public health risk situations.ResultsThe current potential distributions of both species were broader than their known ranges. For both species, climate change projections for 2070 in RCP 2.6, 4.5, 6.0 and 8.5 scenarios showed different results depending on the methodology used. The higher risk situation showed new suitable areas, but the lower risk situation modelled a net reduction in the future potential distribution areas of M. spinolai and M. gajardoi.ConclusionsThe suitable areas for both species may be greater than currently known, generating new challenges in terms of vector control and prevention. Under future climate conditions, these species could modify their potential geographical range. Preventive measures to avoid accidental human vectorial transmission by wild vectors of T. cruzi become critical considering the uncertainty of future suitable areas projected in this study.'

'The history of the concept of the \xe2\x80\x9cplant community\xe2\x80\x9d (PC) and the debate on its nature, which took place in the 20th century. Most modern scholars accept the pragmatic interpretation of the PC as a conditionally uniform contour extracted from the multidimensional continuum of any type of vegetation. This broad interpretation of the plant community required of a multimodel concept with the establishment of several types that differ by the combination of their formation factors. A review of the main PC features (the composition, structure, and functional parameters), as well as the contribution of heterotrophic organisms to its formation, are given.'

'Arid lands in the Mediterranean Basin harbour populations of saltbushes over substantial areas. These have been grazed for centuries and often cleared. There are also some 100,000 hectares of artificially established saltbushes, both native and exotic; they include no more than half a dozen species, when large scale plantations are concerned. Another dozen of exotic species, introduced from Australia, Southern and Northern America, have successfully undergone field trials and could be used on a large scale in a near future. The present paper attempts to review the current state of knowledge on Atriplex spp. in the Mediterranean Basin as a means of Arid Land rehabilitation at a time where huge areas in the region have undergone processes of severe degradation or have been subjected to desertization, particularly over the past four decades. In spite of a number of constraints in their establishment, management and utilization, the plantation of Atriplex spp. appears as one of the best way, if not the best one, to rehabilitate desertized areas and restore them to production, under the present state of knowledge on arid land rehabilitation. They, in particular, are amenable to inclusion into new, man-made agro-sylvo-pastoral systems of production well adapted to arid lands and to the needs of their populations.'

Abstract not available

'We review direct and indirect impacts of invasive alien species (focussing on plants and insects) on native bees worldwide. Although there is a rapidly growing body of research into the effects of invasive alien plants on native plant pollination via disruption of native mutualisms, there has been little research on the impacts of invasive alien plants directly on bees. Such impacts are likely to vary according to the taxon of plant, the functional specificity of the native bees, and ecosystem context. Conversely, there have been more attempts to document impacts of invasive alien social bees on native bees. Most of these studies only indirectly evaluate competition for resources, have focused on a few native species and findings are sometimes contradictory. However, some studies showed strong negative impacts, suggesting that effects might be species-specific. Additionally, pathogen spillover and reproductive disruption due to interspecific mating has been demonstrated among some closely related taxa. Where we lack unequivocal evidence for impacts however, this should not be interpreted as lack of effect. We recommend that future studies are robustly designed and consider impacts on genetic, species (particularly solitary bees) and ecosystem biodiversity.'

Abstract not available

'We analyze historical simulations of variability in temperature and rainfall extremes in the twentieth century, as derived from various global models run informing the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC-AR4). On the basis of three indices of climate extremes, we compare observed and modeled trends in time and space, including the direction and significance of the changes at the scale of South America south of 10\xc2\xb0 S. The climate extremes described warm nights, heavy rainfall amounts and dry spells. The reliability of the GCM simulations is suggested by similarity between observations and simulations in the case of warm nights and extreme rainfall in some regions. For any specific extreme temperature index, minor differences appear in the spatial distribution of the changes across models in some regions, while substantial differences appear in regions in the interior of tropical and subtropical South America. The differences are in the relative magnitude of the trends. Consensus and significance are less strong when regional patterns are considered, with the exception of the La Plata Basin, where observed and simulated trends in warm nights and extreme rainfall are evident.'

'Eine charakteristische, neue Art der MuschelgattungGervilleioperna, die in grobk\xc3\xb6rnigen Bioklastkalken und gemischt siliziklastisch-karbonatischen Sedimenten Norachiles zwischen 27\xc2\xb0 und 29\xc2\xb0 40\xe2\x80\xb2 S auftritt, wird beschrieben. Sie wird der neuen UntergattungGervilleiognoma [Typusart:Gervilleioperna (Gervilleiognoma) aurita n.sp.] zugeordnet, deren geographische Verbreitung auf Nordchile beschr\xc3\xa4nkt ist. Mit Hilfe von Ammoniten, die mit der neuen Art vergesellschaftet sind, l\xc3\xa4\xc3\x9ft sich die stratigraphische Verbreitung auf das Untere Aalen (Manflasensis-Zone) eingrenzen. Aufgrund einer funktionsmorphologischen Analyse wird eine vorwiegend semi-infaunale, byssate Lebensweise postuliert. Dabei liegt die untere, stark konvexe linke Klappe auf ihrer im Umbonalbereich und entlang des Vorderrandes verdickten, und damit schwereren Schale auf. Die leicht gedrehte Kommissurebene befindet sich dabei in einer schr\xc3\xa4gen Position relativ zur Substratoberfl\xc3\xa4che. Die pal\xc3\xa4ogeographische Verteilung der Gattung wird kurz diskutiert.'

'BackgroundIn the mid 20th century, Ernst Mayr and Theodosius Dobzhansky championed the significance of circular overlaps or ring species as the perfect demonstration of speciation, yet in the over 50 years since, only a handful of such taxa are known. We developed a topographic model to evaluate whether the geographic barriers that favor processes leading to ring species are common or rare, and to predict where other candidate ring barriers might be found.ResultsOf the 952,147 geographic barriers identified on the planet, only about 1% are topographically similar to barriers associated with known ring taxa, with most of the likely candidates occurring in under-studied parts of the world (for example, marine environments, tropical latitudes). Predicted barriers separate into two distinct categories: (i) single cohesive barriers (< 50,000 km2), associated with taxa that differentiate at smaller spatial scales (salamander: Ensatina eschscholtzii; tree: Acacia karroo); and (ii) composite barriers - formed by groups of barriers (each 184,000 to 1.7 million km2) in close geographic proximity (totaling 1.9 to 2.3 million km2) - associated with taxa that differentiate at larger spatial scales (birds: Phylloscopus trochiloides and Larus (sp. argentatus and fuscus)). When evaluated globally, we find a large number of cohesive barriers that are topographically similar to those associated with known ring taxa. Yet, compared to cohesive barriers, an order of magnitude fewer composite barriers are similar to those that favor ring divergence in species with higher dispersal.ConclusionsWhile these findings confirm that the topographic conditions that favor evolutionary processes leading to ring speciation are, in fact, rare, they also suggest that many understudied natural systems could provide valuable demonstrations of continuous divergence towards the formation of new species. Distinct advantages of the model are that it (i) requires no a priori information on the relative importance of features that define barriers, (ii) can be replicated using any kind of continuously distributed environmental variable, and (iii) generates spatially explicit hypotheses of geographic species formation. The methods developed here - combined with study of the geographical ecology and genetics of taxa in their environments - should enable recognition of ring species phenomena throughout the world.'

'The performance of quinoa-wheat flour blends (5/95, 10/90, 20/80, 30/70) were evaluated in breads, cakes and cookies. Breads baked with 5% and 10% quinoa flour were of good quality. Loaf volume decreased, crumb grain became more open and the texture slightly harsh at higher usage levels of quinoa flour. A bitter aftertaste was noted at the 30% level. Cake quality was acceptable with 5% and 10% of quinoa flour. Cake grain became more open and the texture less silky as the level of quinoa substitution increased. Cake taste improved with either 5% or 10% quinoa flour in the blend. Cookie spread and top grain scores decreased with increasing levels of quinoa flour blended with high-spread cookie flour. Flavor improved up to 20% quinoa flour in the blend. Cookie spread and cookie appearance was improved with a quinoa/low-spread flour blend by using 2% lecithin.'

'Carlos Zorrilla looks at his 23 years of work and life experience in rural Ecuador. As a small farmer, he has engaged in sustainable development and community conservation activities, together with several environmental NGOs. He highlights a claim against a World Bank project, the successful campaign against a multinational mining project, and the creation of Ecological County Ordinances.'

'The effects of lunar cycles are known to have an influence, although not yet clear, on the behavior of aquatic organisms. A study was conducted in two different locations (Manaure, Guajira and Chengue, Magdalena, Caribbean coast, Colombia) during July and August, 1997 and November, 1998 to determine the effects of medium term cycles (lunar cycles) on the presence of Artemia franciscana (Crustacea: Anostraca) density. Samples were collected every 4 h from each of 20 fixed stations in a salt production pond during a 24-h sampling period at the peak of the four lunar phases. The data were analyzed using a mixed ANOVA model, setting lunar phases and sampling time intervals as fixed effects, station as the random effect and density as the dependent variable. No significant difference was determined between increasing and decreasing moon. Artemia density was not significantly (P>0.05) higher during new moon compared to full moon. The influence of temperature over Artemia sampling density was clearly noticed, and was a shading factor over the possible effects of any particular lunar phase over Artemia density at any particular sampling time.'

'Cola dorrii Cheek sp. nov. is described from Maputaland Sand and Northern Coastal Forest types in KwaZulu-Natal of South Africa. Formerly treated as Cola greenwayi Brenan, it differs in much shorter leaf-blades and petioles, and in the fruitlets which are stipitate, with apices that are rounded and forward-facing. The indumentum has stellate hairs which are soft, with sinuate arms, rather than subscabrid with stiff arms. The species is assessed as Vulnerable using the IUCN 2012 standard due to habitat modification and loss due to humans, elephants and due to the invasive shrub Chromolaena odorata.'

'The concept of centres of crop diversity and/or origin of agriculture is briefly reviewed. The conservation status of crop genetic resources, either ex situ or in situ, cultivated or wild, has been assessed for species of the Central American and Mexican centre, demonstrating that that region is indeed one of the important centres of crop diversity for human kind. Furthermore, biotechnological developments with regard to the creation and spread of genetically modified crops have been analyzed. The likelihood of unintentional introgression of genetically modified traits into conventional seed lots, crops as well as into germplasm collections have been assessed. Related biosafety measures as well as the possible implications of intellectual property rights on transgenic crops and/or genes are being discussed vis-a-vis the possible implications they might have for germplasm management. The Central American crop genetic resources situation has been used as a \xe2\x80\x9ccase study\xe2\x80\x9d to illustrate the potential impact of the spreading of GM varieties on the genetic diversity in genebanks and farmers\xe2\x80\x99 fields and the need for effective and efficient conservation efforts. Conservation management strategies and practices are being proposed of mitigate the potential negative impact of GM crops on the conservation efforts.'

Abstract not available

'We present ecological and ethnobotanical descriptions of two permanent 1-ha plots located in Amazonian forest near two Tacana communities situated north and west of the Madidi National Park in the Iturralde Province, Department of La Paz of northwestern Bolivia. We interviewed 13 Tacana men and women to identify and enumerate uses of all of the trees, palms, and lianas \xe2\x89\xa5 10 cm dbh in these plots. Of the 185 species found in both plots, 115 species are used by the Tacana: 59 species for construction, 9 as sources of fiber, 33 for technology and crafts, 66 as firewood, 32 for food or water, 40 for medicine, 8 for hunting or fishing, 9 for commercial purposes, and 11 for miscellaneous uses. Sixty-four percent of useful species had multiple uses. This utilization of the forest corresponds with that of other Amazonian indigenous groups and shows a high reliance on the forest for vegetative materials, especially medicine, technology and crafts, and construction.'

'Altitudinal changes in the vegetation of the Montane Forest Belt of Mt. Elgon, East Africa, were investigated by analysis of aerial photographs and by sample plots along two transects, one on a relatively wet, and the other on a relatively dry aspect.Classifications for both tree and herb/shrub plots show that the forests along the two transects become increasingly similar floristically with altitude. The total number of tree species recorded is greater for the transect on the moister aspect. The mean altitudinal range for tree species increases on both transects with altitude, while that for herb/shrub species remains constant. It is suggested that the upper altitudinal limits of many species are determined principally by temperature-related factors, while the degree to which species extend their ranges downwards is much influenced by competition.Structural heterogeneity is particularly well marked at altitudes corresponding to the bamboo zone on the wetter slopes and, even in the absence of bamboo, tree density here is much reduced. it is suggested that thicket-forming species, including bamboo, have enhanced competitive ability in intermediate altitude montane forests.Previously advanced classificatory schemes for montane forest vegetation in eastern Africa are examined in the light of the findings.'

Abstract not available

'Samples of bulk precipitation were collected in the Trachypogon savanna, Calabozo, Venezuela, during three consecutive years. In the first year, rain samples were taken daily; in the following years the samples were grouped on a monthly basis. In addition, samples of dry deposition were collected during the dry seasons. All samples were analyzed for the following water soluble cations and anions: P04-P, S04-S, N03-N, NH4-N, Ca+2, Mg+2, K+, Na+ and H+. The mean annual input rate of chemical constituents (Kg ha-1 year-1) was: PO4-P (0.42); SO4-S (2.62); NO3-N (0.21); NH4-N (2.03); Ca+2 (3.50); Mg+2 (11.31); K+ (3.60); Na+ (5.93) and H+ (0.03). The total mean input of particulate material to the savanna during the dry season was 2.06 Kg ha-1 year-1, with a soluble fraction of 30%. Possible sources of nutrients input were analyzed.'

"Integration into a market economy or economic development can erode the quality of life of indigenous people by, for example, increasing income inequalities. The Kuznets hypothesis predicts that the link between income inequality and income (a proxy for economic development) resembles an inverted U. We test the hypothesis using a survey of 511 households from 59 villages of Tsimane' Amerindians, a horticultural-foraging society in the tropical rain forest of Bolivia. We measure village inequalities of three economic outcomes: income, imputed annual value of rice production, and wealth. We used three indices of inequality: the coefficient of variation, the standard deviation of the logarithm, and the Gini coefficient. Explanatory variables include either income and income squared, wealth and wealth squared, or imputed annual rice production and production squared. We used village-to-town distance as a control. We find little evidence that integration to the market increases inequalities of economic outcomes, with two exceptions: Wealth bore the predicted inverted U-shaped relation with wealth inequalities, and imputed rice production bore a U-shaped relation to inequality, but only when (a) using adult equivalents to express household size and (b) the Gini coefficient and the coefficient of variation to measure inequality; in no case were results robust to different econometric specifications. We advance several explanations for why economic development might not accentuate economic inequalities among relatively autarkic rural economies."

'The environmental impacts associated with arsenic (As) from historical mining areas may persist for many years. We evaluated the influence of As in smelter and tailing wastes from a historic gold mine near San Antonio in the south-east of the Baja California, Mexico, on fluvial and marine sediments in the San Juan de Los Planes Basin and La Ventana Bay, respectively. Arsenic levels in the smelter and in the surrounding tailing wastes ranged from 82,000 to 208,000\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921, and from 4220 to 92,000\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921, respectively. The As concentrations in fluvial sediments were much lower, as these derived from wastes that had been scattered and had been subject to weathering for some time. As concentrations in surface sediments in the San Antonio stream close to the smelter and further downstream ranged from 477 to 1100\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921, and from 64 to 613\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921, respectively. \nAs concentrations were between 0.05 and 9\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921 in surface shelf sediments from the coast adjacent to La Ventana Bay; the concentration was highest in sediment collected close to the outlet of the main stream (La Bocana) of the Los Planes Basin. The As concentrations in all the solid waste samples from near San Antonio exceeded the Effect Range Medium (ERM) of the Sediment Quality Guidelines (70\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921). Overall, 71 and 43\xc2\xa0% of the stream samples exceeded the Effect Range Low (ERL; 8.2\xc2\xa0mg\xc2\xa0kg\xe2\x88\x921), and the ERM, respectively, indicating potential risks for biota and humans.'

'Climate, organisms, topographic relief, and parent material interacting through time are the dominant factors that control processes of soil formation and determine soil properties. In both forest and savanna ecosystems, trees affect soil properties through several pathways. Trees alter inputs to the soil system by increasing capture of wetfall and dryfall and by adding to soil N via N2-fixation. They affect the morphology and chemical conditions of the soil as a result of the characteristics of above- and below-ground litter inputs. The chemical and physical nature of leaf, bark, branch, and roots alter decomposition and nutrient availability via controls on soil water and the soil fauna involved in litter breakdown. Extensive lateral root systems scavenge soil nutrients and redistribute them beneath tree canopies. In general, trees represent both conduits through which nutrients cycle and sites for the accumulation of nutrients within a landscape. From an ecological perspective, the soil patches found beneath tree canopies are important local and regional nutrient reserves that influence community structure and ecosystem function. Understanding species-specific differences in tree-soil interactions has important and immediate interest to farmers and agroforesters concerned with maintaining or increasing site productivity. Lessons from natural plant-soil systems provide a guide for predicting the direction and magnitude of tree influences on soil in agroforestry settings. The challenge for agroforesters is to determine under what conditions positive tree effects will accumulate simultaneously within active farming systems and which require rotation of cropping and forest fallows.'

'We summarize information on current distribution of the invasive lizard Chamaeleo jacksonii and predict its potential distribution in the Hawaiian Islands. Potential distribution maps are based on climate models developed from known localities in its native range and its Hawaiian range. We also present results of analysis of stomach contents of a sample of 34 chameleons collected from native, predominantly dryland, forest on Maui. These data are the first summarizing prey range of this non-native species in an invaded native-forest setting. Potential distribution models predict that the species can occur throughout most of Hawaii from sea level to >2,100\xc2\xa0m elevation. Important features of this data set are that approximately one-third of the diet of these lizards is native insects, and the lizards are consuming large numbers of arthropods each day. Prey sizes span virtually the entire gamut of native Hawaiian arthropod diversity, thereby placing a large number of native species at risk of predation. Our dietary results contrast with expectations for most iguanian lizards and support suggestions that chameleons comprise a third distinct foraging-mode category among saurians. The combination of expanding distribution, large potential range size, broad diet, high predation rates, and high densities of these chameleons imply that they may well become a serious threat to some of the Hawaiian fauna.'

'We report a case of a 71-year-old male who developed severe cellulitis of his right forearm and hand after he had an accidental injury from the sharp edge of a metal plate of a birdhouse. The patient suffers from chronic asthma and has been treated with systemic corticosteroids for years. Culture of aspirates from two sites of the wound area revealed growth of Cryptococcus neoformans in one and Acinetobacter lwoffii in the other. After combined treatment including antibiotics, antifungal therapy with fluconazole 400 mg/d and surgical debridement followed by a mesh graft, the patient achieved complete healing of the wound. Five months after the infection, the patient was still positive for cryptococcal antigen at a titer of 1:64 despite oral treatment with fluconazole 50 mg/d, and maintenance therapy with fluconazole 200 mg/d was recommended for 6 months, or longer depending on further results. The clinical and microbiological characteristics of this patient as well as therapeutical and epidemiological aspects of primary cutaneous cryptococcosis (PCC) are discussed.'

'The ability of M\xc4\x81ori to understand, record and forecast weather and climate has been an important factor in successfully responding to past weather and climatic change in New Zealand. Through interacting with local environments over the centuries M\xc4\x81ori have developed a wealth of environmental knowledge, with the lessons learnt having been incorporated into traditional and modern practices of agriculture, fishing, medicine, education and conservation. In partnership with the tribal group Te Wh\xc4\x81nau-\xc4\x81-Apanui, NIWA\xe2\x80\x99s M\xc4\x81ori Research and Development Unit (Te Kuwaha o Taihoro Nukurangi) have initiated a pilot project to identify and document M\xc4\x81ori environmental knowledge (MEK) of weather and climate in New Zealand. Using a Kaupapa M\xc4\x81ori based research approach and semi-directive interviewing, an intimate understanding of local weather and climate was demonstrated by elders from Te Wh\xc4\x81nau-\xc4\x81-Apanui. This knowledge includes the use of a vast indigenous nomenclature for local weather and climate phenomenon, the oral recording of weather and climate based events and trends, and the identification of environmental indicators to forecast weather and climate. Learning from this knowledge provides an opportunity to understand what has helped M\xc4\x81ori adapt to weather and climate variability in the past. It also provides clues on how to enhance present day M\xc4\x81ori and western scientific understanding of local weather and climate in New Zealand.'

'Floral phenotype and pollination system of a plant may be influenced by the abiotic environment and the local pollinator assemblage. This was investigated in seven plant\xe2\x80\x93hummingbird assemblages on the West Indian islands of Grenada, Dominica and Puerto Rico. We report all hummingbird and insect pollinators of 49 hummingbird-pollinated plant species, as well as six quantitative and semi-quantitative floral characters that determine visitor restriction, attraction and reward. Using nonmetric multidimensional scaling analysis, we show that hummingbird-pollinated plants in the West Indies separate in floral phenotypic space into two gradients\xe2\x80\x94one associated with the abiotic environment and another with hummingbird size. Plants pollinated by large, long-billed hummingbirds had flowers with long corolla tube, large amounts of nectar and showy orange-red colouration. These attracted few or no insect species, whereas plants pollinated by small, short-billed hummingbirds were frequently pollinated by insects, particularly lepidopterans. The separation of plants related to environmental factors showed that species in the wet and cold highlands produced large amounts of dilute nectar, possessed no or a weak odour, and were associated with few insects, particularly few hymenopterans, compared to plants in the dry and warm lowlands. The most specialised hummingbird-pollinated plants are found in the West Indian highlands where they are pollinated by mainly large, long-billed hummingbirds. At the other extreme, highly generalised plants growing in the dry and warm lowlands are pollinated by small, short-billed hummingbirds and numerous insect species. This illustrates that, even within the hummingbird-pollinated flora, pollination syndrome and the degree of specialisation may vary tremendously depending on pollinator morphology and environment.'

'The RegCM3 (Regional Climate Model\xe2\x80\x94version 3) was nested in HadAM3 model to simulate present (1975\xe2\x80\x931989, referred hereafter as RegHad) and two future climate scenarios (A2 and B2 from 2071 to 2085, referred as RegA2 and RegB2) over the South America (SA) and South Atlantic Ocean (SAO). Projected changes in the air temperature, precipitation, low level circulation and cyclogenesis climatology were investigated. The cyclogenesis were identified using an automatic scheme for tracking based on the minimum of relative vorticity (\xce\xb6) from 10-m height wind. During summer, a general decrease (increase) in the precipitation is projected by RegA2 and RegB2 over the northeastern SA (center-west and south Brazil, north Argentina and Uruguay). For winter, an anomalous low level anticyclonic circulation is associated with the reduction in the rainfall over the central part of southern Brazil in RegA2 and RegB2 scenarios. Similar to HadAM3, RegCM3 projects larger warming in A2 scenario. For the present climate, when compared to HadAM3, RegHad defines better both the location of the main cyclogenetic areas and its annual cycle near southwestern SAO. The projections indicate a reduction in the total number of cyclones of \xe2\x88\x927.2% and \xe2\x88\x924.7% for RegA2 and RegB2, respectively, while HadAM3 reduction is ~\xe2\x88\x924.5% for both scenarios. The decrease is larger for initially intense cyclones (\xce\xb6\xe2\x80\x89\xe2\x89\xa4\xe2\x80\x89\xe2\x88\x922.5\xe2\x80\x89\xc3\x97\xe2\x80\x8910\xe2\x88\x925\xc2\xa0s\xe2\x88\x921): \xe2\x88\x9220.9% (RegA2) and \xe2\x88\x9211.3% (RegB2). For the lifetime, distance traveled and mean velocity of the cyclones, the A2 and B2 scenarios present mean values close to the present climate (~3\xc2\xa0days, ~1900\xc2\xa0km, and ~9\xc2\xa0m\xe2\x80\x89s\xe2\x88\x921, respectively). Regarding the initial mean vorticity of the systems, RegB2 simulates values similar to the present climate, but they are initially weaker in RegA2. In general, RegA2 and RegB2 show a large decrease in the number of cyclones over the southern SAO due to an anticyclonic anomaly covering SAO between 30\xe2\x80\x9355\xc2\xb0S. The reduction is larger in the scenario with higher concentrations of greenhouse gases (RegA2).'

'BackgroundThe white-naped squirrel, Simosciurus nebouxii (previously known as Sciurus stramineus), has recently been identified as an important natural host for Trypanosoma cruzi in Ecuador. The nests of this species have been reported as having high infestation rates with the triatomine vector Rhodnius ecuadoriensis. The present study aims to determine the levels of nest infestation with R. ecuadoriensis, the ecological variables that are influencing the nest site selection, and the relationship between R. ecuadoriensis infestation and trypanosome infection.ResultsThe study was carried out in transects in forest patches near two rural communities in southern Ecuador. We recorded ecological information of the trees that harbored squirrel nests and the trees within a 10 m radius. Manual examinations of each nest determined infestation with triatomines. We recorded 498 trees (n = 52 with nests and n = 446 without nests). Rhodnius ecuadoriensis was present in 59.5% of the nests and 60% presented infestation with nymphs (colonization). Moreover, we detected T. cruzi in 46% of the triatomines analyzed.ConclusionsWe observed that tree height influences nest site selection, which is consistent with previous observations of squirrel species. Factors such as the diameter at breast height and the interaction between tree height and tree species were not sufficient to explain squirrel nest presence or absence. However, the nest occupancy and tree richness around the nest were significant predictors of the abundance of triatomines. Nevertheless, the variables of colonization and infection were not significant, and the data observed could be expected because of chance alone (under the null hypothesis). This study ratifies the hypothesis that the ecological features of the forest patches around rural communities in southern Ecuador favor the presence of nesting areas for S. nebouxii and an increase of the chances of having triatomines that maintain T. cruzi populations circulating in areas near human dwellings. Additionally, these results highlight the importance of including ecological studies to understand the dynamics of T. cruzi transmission due to the existence of similar ecological and land use features along the distribution of the dry forest of southern Ecuador and northern Peru, which implies similar challenges for Chagas disease control.'

'In March 2020, following the annual International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses (ICTV) ratification vote on newly proposed taxa, the phylum Negarnaviricota was amended and emended. At the genus rank, 20 new genera were added, two were deleted, one was moved, and three were renamed. At the species rank, 160 species were added, four were deleted, ten were moved and renamed, and 30 species were renamed. This article presents the updated taxonomy of Negarnaviricota as now accepted by the ICTV.'

'In the alpine regions of Hindu Kush, Himalayas and Karakorum, climatic and topographic conditions can support the formation of peat, important for the livelihood of the local communities, and ecological services alike. These peatlands are a source of fuel for the local community, habitat for nesting birds, and water regulation at source for rivers. Ground-based surveys of high-altitude peatlands are not only difficult, but also expensive and time consuming. Therefore, a method using cost-effective remote sensing technology is required. In this article we assessed the distribution and extent of high-altitude peatlands in a 2000 ha area of Broghil Valley using Landsat 8 data. The composite image was trained using a priori knowledge of the area, and classified into peatland and non-peatland land covers using a supervised decision tree algorithm. The Landsat-based classification map was compared with field data collected with a differential GPS. This comparison suggests 82% overall accuracy, which is fairly high for high altitude areas. The method was successfully applied and has the potential to be replicated for other areas in Pakistan and the high-altitude regions of the neighbouring Asian countries.'

'Index fossils are commonly found, widely distributed fossils that are limited in time span. They are used for the determination of the age of organic rocks and other fossil assemblages and also help to establish relationships be-tween rock units. Index fossils of plant origin are very rare. In this article, I describe many of their important features, uses, and some of their limitations.'

'To detect plant specialization to pollinator insects and to further examine the \xe2\x80\x98pollination syndrome\xe2\x80\x99 hypotheses, flowering angiosperms and insect visitors were recorded in a northern maritime grassland community. Associations between plant species and insect groups were analyzed using binomial tests based on census data obtained from two sites over 3\xe2\x80\x89years. \xe2\x80\x98Preference to an insect group by a plant species\xe2\x80\x99 was expressed as a significant deviation of the actual proportion (i.e. the proportion of the number of flower visits by the insect group to the plant species in the total number of visits to the plant species) of the expected proportion (i.e. the proportion of the number of visits by the insect group in the total visits during its flowering period). \xe2\x80\x98Preference to a plant species by an insect group\xe2\x80\x99 was similarly expressed using the number of flowers of the plant species visited by the insect group. Most significant preferences varied temporally or spatially. Variability in the preferences is suggested to have resulted from temporal and spatial variations in the abundance and species composition of both flowers and insects. However, in species showing variable preferences, significant specialization in the pollinator insect group (i.e. relatively constant, mutual preferences) were demonstrated for seven and five plant species at the two study sites, respectively. Most specializations were found in associations with bumblebees. \xe2\x80\x98Bumblebee specialists\xe2\x80\x99 were significantly well represented in the flower shape types \xe2\x80\x98gullet\xe2\x80\x99 and \xe2\x80\x98flag\xe2\x80\x99 and the flower color types \xe2\x80\x98violet\xe2\x80\x99, which supports the \xe2\x80\x98pollination syndrome\xe2\x80\x99 theory.'

'This paper shows that the Huaorani Indians of the Ecuadorian Amazon possess a long-standing common property management regime fostered by secure ownership status of the land, the small size and kinship ties of residence groups, the existence of mutual trust and reciprocity, and culturally sanctioned rules of behavior. This regime, however, was focused on maintaining harmonious relationships between residents of the nanicabo and not on resource conservation (although it may have fostered epiphenomenal conservation). It cannot be presumed that communal management of resources invariably leads to conservation; other factors need to be present, such as a perception of resource scarcity. The common property regime was designed for a situation of plentiful resources, low population density, clear membership, and behaviors held in check by respect for kin and the desire for good standing. It was a sufficient and simple system for delimiting common property resources from private property, based on implicit social boundaries and cultural understandings. Now, confronted by powerful external forces, population growth, and intermarriage with non-Huaorani, the system is faltering. Conservationist practices, however, can be encouraged by adapting the earlier system to reflect current conditions.'

'\nThe energy flow through the ecosystem of a typical Apatani village in Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India was studied. The energy and economic efficiency of the rice agro-ecosystem of this region is exceptionally high, and rice is exported after meeting local needs. The cropping pattern varies depending upon the amount of organic residues recycled into the system. Where recycling is more efficient and substantial, pisciculture is integrated with rice cultivation. Dry land cultivation of millet and mixed cropping in home gardens contribute toward meeting the diverse needs of the people. Swine and poultry husbandry is an important link with agro-ecosystems through the detritus food chain. Mithun (Bos frontalis)husbandry, which is dependent upon large forested grazing lands, is important for social and religious reasons, as well as being a source of food. Fuelwood is extracted from the natural forest and from the cultivated bamboo gardens; the latter also provide construction materials. This village ecosystem with high overall energy efficiency is based on tight recycling of resources.'

'Accessions of Lycopersicon peruvianum complex and their F1progenies were screened for genotype specific resistance to Mi-1-avirulent M. incognita and M. javanica biotypes at25 \xc2\xb0C and at 32 \xc2\xb0C (a temperature at which Mi-1resistance is not expressed), and to Mi-1-virulent M.incognita at 25 \xc2\xb0C. All entries of the L. peruvianumChotano-humifusum race accessions LA2157 and LA2334 were resistantto Mi-1-avirulent biotype at 25 \xc2\xb0C and at 32 \xc2\xb0C,indicating that the accessions are homozygous for the heat-stableresistance. The L. peruvianum Maranon race accessions LA1626,LA1708, LA2172, LA2185, LA2326 and LA2328 segregated for heat-stableresistance to Mi-1-avirulent biotype. The F1 progeny tested ofLA392 \xc3\x97 LA2157, LA2334 \xc3\x97 LA2157, LA2328 \xc3\x97 LA2326,LA2328 \xc3\x97 LA2185, LA1708 \xc3\x97 LA2328 andLA1626 \xc3\x97 LA2172 were resistant to Mi-1-avirulent biotype at32 \xc2\xb0C. There were differences in the segregating accessions andF1 hybrids for expression of heat-unstable and heat-stable resistanceto Mi-1-avirulent Meloidogyne spp. The L. peruvianumLA392 and LA2163 and L. chilense LA1968, LA1972, LA2404, LA2405,LA2406, LA2748, LA2930, and the L. peruvianum \xc3\x97 L.chilense hybrids were homozygous susceptible with all entries testedsusceptible at 32 \xc2\xb0C. Cuttings of these L. peruvianumaccessions and their F1 progenies were susceptible to Mi-1-virulent M. incognita biotype at 25 \xc2\xb0C.'

'Numerous studies analyze the interactions between plants and their pollinators in ecological communities using a network approach. However, field studies rarely record all the interactions occurring in the field. In this sense Natural History Collections (NHCs) can provide information on interactions that may have been missed by field sampling. In this study we compare a network based on field sampling with a network based on data retrieved from specimens at NHCs, and we assess the degree to which these two sources of data are complementary. For this we used data available from a bee biodiversity study conducted in Southern Argentina for the South American bee genus Corynura (Halictidae: Augochlorini). Data on the floral associations of the specimens at NHCs were retrieved from the specimens\xe2\x80\x99 labels, as the name of the plant species on which a given bee was captured is often recorded for many specimens at NHCs. Although field sampling recorded an unusually high number of insect-plant interactions, it misses some unique interactions present in the NHCs networks. Some structural properties of these networks are briefly analyzed, and usefulness and limitations of using NHCs data are discussed. We conclude that the information about insect-plant interactions extracted from NHCs could complement field-based data, especially in poorly sampled communities.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'We report the establishment of the first in\xc2\xa0situ collection of beneficial symbiotic microorganisms (arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi) in the world, located in an integrally protected area of coastal sand dunes, within the UNESCO Biosphere Reserve \xe2\x80\x9cSelva Pisana\xe2\x80\x9d, in Tuscany, Italy. In this collection the genus Scutellospora, which has been reported to be threatened by anthropogenic disturbance, was a regular component of Ammophila arenaria and Helichrysum stoechas rhizospheres, and was represented by two species: Scutellospora fulgida and Scutellospora persica. Such species were morphologically identified and molecularly characterised by SSU and ITS sequence analyses. The establishment of an in\xc2\xa0situ collection of Scutellospora species in a protected area, where anthropogenic impact is under control of national and international authorities, is important for the conservation of rare and endangered microorganisms, representing a precious resource for future generations.'

Abstract not available

'Basal steps of higher plant evolution are reconstructed by the structure of their conducting tissues. Historically, transport networks are derivatives of buffer zones for symbiotic exchange between prokaryotic pro-cursers. Two symbiogenetic acts (prochlorophytes + protists \xe2\x86\x92 higher algae; marine algae + fungi \xe2\x86\x92 higher land plants) are fixed in plant body by two networks for water transport. Descending phloem arises in phylogenesis from the membrane capsule of cyanobacteria. Fungi mycelium is a source of rising xylem exudates. The diversity of plant life forms is considered as a sequence of adaptive evolution of algo-myco-bacterial complex. Relationship to global chronical of climate events is shown by the specificities of Paleogene thermal floras and Neogene cold floras. The trends of plant genome size evolution are discussed.'

Abstract not available

'A global classification system of natural terrestrial ecosystems (including systematic notation), based on the climate zones of Walter, is presented. The basic units of the system are the ecological units biome and biogeocoene. The zonobiomes, which are climate zones corresponding to the largest vegetation units, are subdivided into subzonobiomes and these into individual biomes. The biomes are thus natural, geographical units within the climate zones. They are in turn subdivided into individual biogeocoenes and their constituent synusiae. In addition, the coordinate concepts of pedobiome and orobiome are introduced. These are distinguished from the zonobiomes as follows:1. the pedobiomes by extreme edaphic conditions which cause azonal vegetation.2. the orobiomes, as mountain ranges, by their vertical climate zonation and the altitudinal belts of vegetation.These relationships are explained, and two subseries of pedo-and oro-subunits are established. Transitional zones (zono-ecotones) between individual zonobiomes are also distinguished. The classification system is summarized in a schematic, and a world map of zonobiomes and zono-ecotones is included. More details are presented in Walter (1976).'

Abstract not available

'Sporotrichosis, a disease caused by the saprophytic, dimorphic fungus Sporothrix schenckii, is currently diagnosed worldwide, especially in some tropical and subtropical areas. The infection usually occurs after traumatic inoculation of soil, plants, and organic matter containing the fungus. Certain activities, such as floriculture, agriculture, mining, and wood exploitation, and zoonotic transmission are associated with the mycosis. In humans, the disease is limited to skin, subcutaneous tissue, and the proximal lymphatic. It occurs commonly as lymphocutaneous or fixed lesions predominantly affect the upper limbs and face, the latter location is frequent in children. However, sporotrichosis in children is uncommonly seen. Data about the disease on this specific group of patients is scanty. The gold standard for diagnosis is culture. Nevertheless, there are other recently added methods (serological, histopathological, and molecular) useful for an accurate diagnosis. Itraconazole is the first choice of treatment for sporotrichosis; however, potassium iodide is also an effective option, mainly in children.'

'The present study focuses on the geographic distribution and biodiversity of the Chlorococcales in Patagonian lakes, covering a latitudinal transect. Two different approaches are considered (a) a review of the historical records of Chlorococcales in Patagonia and (b) the analysis of the morphology-based species diversity, ecological remarks, and geographic distribution of the chlorococcalean species recorded in 33 aquatic environments during surveys 2007 and 2008. A total of 308 chlorococcalean species were recorded throughout a 60-year period in Patagonian freshwater systems, encountering the highest chlorococcalean richness in lakes and shallow lakes located in the more intensively sampled areas. In our surveys 2007\xe2\x80\x932008, 72 chlorococcalean taxa were registered, among which 80% are worldwide distributed, about 19% are restricted to cold temperate areas in both hemispheres and one species (Pediastrum patagonicum) is one of the taxa probably endemic for Patagonia. The chlorococcalean richness in relation to the environmental factors, revealed that it is directly correlated with the trophic status of the water bodies (chl a: r\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.52 and DIN: r\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.47; P\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa00.05). The latitude was inversely correlated with the species richness (r\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa0\xe2\x88\x920.40; P\xc2\xa0<\xc2\xa00.05), and the chlorococcalean biodiversity of the Andean lakes (mean value: 3.64) was significantly lower (P\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa00.0022) than that of the lakes from the Patagonian Plateau (mean value: 9.62). In this study we observed a decreasing trend in the biodiversity of Chlorococcales with increasing latitude, which fits in the existing ecological pattern described for different groups of organisms.'

'The threat of invasive species is often intensified in disturbed habitat. To optimize control programs, it is necessary to understand how degraded habitat influences the behavior of invasive species. We conducted a radio telemetry study to characterize movement and habitat use of introduced male Argentine black and white tegus (Tupinambis merianae) in the Everglades of southern Florida from May to August 2012 at the core and periphery of the introduced range. Tegus at the periphery moved farther per day (mean 131.7\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa011.6\xc2\xa0m, n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa06) compared to tegus at the core (mean 50.3\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa012.4\xc2\xa0m, n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa06). However, activity ranges were not significantly smaller in the core (mean 19.4\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa08.4\xc2\xa0ha, n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa06) compared to periphery (mean 29.1\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa05.2\xc2\xa0ha, n\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa06). Peripheral activity ranges were more linear due to activity being largely restricted to levee habitat surrounded by open water or marsh. Tegus were located in shrub or tree habitat (mean 96\xc2\xa0%) more often than expected based on random locations (mean 58\xc2\xa0%), and the percent cover of trees and shrubs was higher in activity ranges (mean 61\xc2\xa0%) than the general study area (17\xc2\xa0%). Our study highlighted the ability of tegus to spread across the Florida landscape, especially in linear disturbed habitats where increased movement occurred and in areas of altered hydrology where movement is not restricted by water.'

'Reminiscences of employment at The New York Botanical Garden between 1925 and 1940 are given.'

'\nNeobuxbaumia macrocephala is a long-lived columnar cactus endemic to the Tehuac\xc3\xa1n-Cuicatl\xc3\xa1n Valley in south-central Mexico. This plant has a very restricted distribution and few recruitment events have been detected in its populations. In this study, we analyze the N. macrocephala demographic pattern using a projection matrix in order to determine the main limiting factors of this species. To accomplish this goal, we compare our results with those obtained for another species of the same genus, N. tetetzo. Considering that both species inhabit the same valley, we believe that this comparative study will offer insights into the main demographic limitations of N. macrocephala. Results showed that these species of columnar cacti have similar demographic patterns in which survival is the process with the highest relative contribution to \xce\xbb, followed by growth and reproduction. Of all the life cycle stages, seeds and seedlings have the lowest survival probabilities due to a high mortality caused by seed predation and effects of direct solar radiation on germinated seeds. The estimated growth rates indicate that populations of these species of Neobuxbaumia are in a numerical equilibrium. With respect to reproduction, N. macrocephala produce a lower number of seeds per plant than N. tetetzo. This low level of sexual reproduction may decrease the probability of establishment of new individuals in N. macrocephala populations. It is suggested that pollen limitation and pre-dispersal seed predation could be some factors that limit the distribution and abundance of this columnar cactus.'

Abstract not available

'This study compares aboveground and belowground carbon stocks and tree diversity in different cocoa cultivation systems in Bolivia: monoculture, simple agroforestry, and successional agroforestry, as well as fallow as a control. Since diversified, agroforestry-based cultivation systems are often considered important for sustainable development, we also evaluated the links between carbon stocks and tree diversity, as well as the role of organic certification in transitioning from monoculture to agroforestry. Biomass, tree diversity, and soil physiochemical parameters were sampled in 15 plots measuring 48\xc2\xa0\xc3\x97\xc2\xa048\xc2\xa0m. Semi-structured interviews with 52 cocoa farmers were used to evaluate the role of organic certification and farmers\xe2\x80\x99 organizations (e.g., cocoa cooperatives) in promoting tree diversity. Total carbon stocks in simple agroforestry systems (128.4\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa020\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921) were similar to those on fallow plots (125.2\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa010\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921). Successional agroforestry systems had the highest carbon stocks (143.7\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa05.3\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921). Monocultures stored significantly less carbon than all other systems (86.3\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa04.0\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921, posterior probability P(Diff\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa00) of 0.000\xe2\x80\x930.006). Among shade tree species, Schizolobium amazonicum, Centrolobium ochroxylum, and Anadenanthera sp. accumulated the most biomass. High-value timber species (S. amazonicum, C. ochroxylum, Amburana cearensis, and Swietenia macrophylla) accounted for 22.0\xc2\xa0% of shade tree biomass. The Shannon index and tree species richness were highest in successional agroforestry systems. Cocoa plots on certified organic farms displayed significantly higher tree species richness than plots on non-certified farms. Thus, expanding the coverage of organic farmers\xe2\x80\x99 organizations may be an effective strategy for fostering transitions from monoculture to agroforestry systems.'

Abstract not available

'Background\nRhodnius prolixus St\xc3\xa5l, 1859 is one of the main vectors of Trypanosoma (Schyzotrypanum) cruzi Chagas, 1909. In its natural forest environment, this triatomine is mainly found in palm tree crowns, where it easily establishes and develops dense populations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of the physiognomy and reproductive status of Attalea butyracea on the population relative density and age structure of R. prolixus and to determine the vector\xe2\x80\x99s population stratification according to the vertical and horizontal profile of an A. butyracea forest.MethodsUsing live bait traps, 150 individuals of A. butyracea with different physiognomy and 40 individuals with similar physiognomy (crown size, number of leaves, palm tree height, diameter at breast height, reproductive status) were sampled for triatomines in Yopal, Casanare-Colombia. Temperature and relative humidity were measured in the crown of the palm tree. Entomological indices and natural infection rates were also determined.ResultsThe relative population density of R. prolixus on natural A. butyracea groves is associated with the palm\xe2\x80\x99s height, number of leaves and crown volume. The young immature stages were present mostly at the crown\xe2\x80\x99s base and the advanced immature stages and adults were present mostly at the crown of the palm tree. This distribution correlates with the temperature stability and relative humidity in the base and the fluctuation of both environmental variables in the palm\xe2\x80\x99s crown. A higher density of R. prolixus was found as the palm tree height increased and as the distance of the palm with respect to the forest border decreased, especially towards anthropically intervened areas. A density index of 12.6 individuals per palm tree with an infestation index of 88.9% and a colonization index of 98.7% was observed. 85.2% was the infection index with T. cruzi.ConclusionThe physiognomy of palm trees affects the relative population density and the distribution of developmental stages of R. prolixus. Therefore, they constitute a risk factor for the potential migration of infected insects from wild environments towards residential environments and the subsequent epidemiological risk of transmission of T. cruzi to people.'

'Around the world, agricultural landscapes are increasingly seen as \xe2\x80\x9cmulti-functional\xe2\x80\x9d spaces, expected to deliver food supplies while improving rural livelihoods and protecting and restoring healthy ecosystems. To support this array of functions and benefits, governments and civil society in many regions are now promoting integrated farm- and landscape-scale management strategies, in lieu of fragmented management strategies. While rural producers are fundamental to achieving multi-functional landscapes, they are frequently viewed as targets of, or barriers to, landscape-oriented initiatives, rather than as leading agents of change. In reality, however, rural producers in many areas have embraced elements of multi-functional land management. In this paper, we explore the role and recent evolution of producer movements in influencing multi-functional farm and landscape management. We explore these roles through six case studies, including a land reform movement in Brazil, indigenous territorial development in Bolivia, conservation agriculture associations in Canada, environmental cooperatives in the Netherlands, indigenous and biocultural heritage associations in Peru, and Landcare groups in the Philippines. These experiences suggest that producer movements are playing pivotal roles in supporting landscape multi-functionality, not only through agroecological farming practices but also through off-farm efforts to conserve ecosystems and support multi-stakeholder landscape planning. On the other hand, interests of producer movements are not always fully aligned with multi-functional landscape management approaches. The contribution of producer movements to multi-functional landscapes depends on these movements including farm and landscape stewardship in their values and goals, and having the political support and capacity to engage meaningfully in multi-stakeholder processes.'

'Sponge spicules are siliceous microfossils that are especially useful for analysis of sandy fluvio-lacustrine sediments. Sponge spicules in a long sediment core (~550\xc2\xa0cm below surface), consisting of fine sand, sandy silt, and organic-rich mud, recovered from the floodplain of the Nabileque River, southern Pantanal, Brazil (S20\xc2\xb016\xe2\x80\xb238.3\xe2\x80\xb3/W57\xc2\xb033\xe2\x80\xb200.0\xe2\x80\xb3), form the basis of a novel paleoenvironmental interpretation for this region. Optically stimulated luminescence dates constrain the timing of deposition to the middle-late Holocene and all spicules identified are typical of the Brazilian cerrado biome. The base of the section is dominated by Oncosclera navicella Carter 1881, Metania\nspinata Carter 1881, and Corvospongilla seckti Bonetto and Ezcurra de Drago 1966, which indicate a lotic to semi-lotic environment strongly influenced by an actively meandering river channel at ~6.7\xe2\x80\x935.7\xc2\xa0ka\xc2\xa0BP. The appearance of Heterorotula fistula Volkmer-Ribeiro and Motta 1995, Dosilia pydanieli Volkmer-Ribeiro 1992 and Radiospongilla amazonensis Volkmer-Ribeiro and Maciel 1983 at ~340\xc2\xa0cm downcore suggests a reduction in flowing water and a more stable lentic environment, consistent with deposition in an oxbow lake. This oxbow lake environment existed during an interval of regional aridity between ~4.5 and 3.9\xc2\xa0ka\xc2\xa0BP. Spicules, as well as phytoliths and diatoms, are highly variable moving up-section, with species from both lotic and lentic ecosystems present. Above ~193\xc2\xa0cm, the total abundance of spicules declines, consistent with wetter climate conditions and development of an underfit river similar to the modern floodplain. Results support hypotheses related to migration of the Paraguay River inferred from geomorphological studies and add a key southern-region dataset to the emerging Holocene database of paleoenvironmental records from the Pantanal wetlands.'

'Emerging infectious diseases (EIDs) caused by plant pathogens can develop into unexpected and very serious epidemics, owing to the influence of various characteristics of the pathogen, host and environment. Devastating epidemics, having social implications by increasing the rate of urbanization, occurred in the past in Europe, and many other EIDs still occur with high frequency in developing countries. Although the ability to diagnose diseases and the technologies available for their control are far greater than in the past, EIDs are still able to cause tremendous crop losses, the economic and social impact of which, in developing countries, is often underestimated. In the present article, four of the most important EIDs in developing countries are considered from the standpoint of their origin, characteristics, symptoms, mode of spread, possible control strategies, economic impact and the socio-economic consequences of their dissemination. They are Cassava Mosaic Virus Disease, capable of reducing yields by 80\xe2\x80\x9390% and causing the suspension of cassava cultivation in many areas of East Africa; Striga hermonthica, a parasitic weed affecting cereals in an area of at least 5 million hectares in Sub-Saharan Africa; Xanthomonas Wilt of Banana, a bacterial disease that caused around 50% yield losses at the beginning of 21st century in Uganda and is threatening the food security of about 70 million people owing to its impact on an important staple crop; and race Ug99 of the rust fungus Puccinia graminis f. sp. tritici, which is having a tremendous impact on wheat in Uganda, and is also threatening most of the wheat-growing countries of the world.'

'The application of biochar (biomass-derived black carbon) to soil has been shown to improve crop yields, but the reasons for this are often not clearly demonstrated. Here, we studied the effect of a single application of 0, 8 and 20\xc2\xa0t\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 of biochar to a Colombian savanna Oxisol for 4\xc2\xa0years (2003\xe2\x80\x932006), under a maize-soybean rotation. Soil sampling to 30\xc2\xa0cm was carried out after maize harvest in all years but 2005, maize tissue samples were collected and crop biomass was measured at harvest. Maize grain yield did not significantly increase in the first year, but increases in the 20\xc2\xa0t\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921 plots over the control were 28, 30 and 140% for 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively. The availability of nutrients such as Ca and Mg was greater with biochar, and crop tissue analyses showed that Ca and Mg were limiting in this system. Soil pH increased, and exchangeable acidity showed a decreasing trend with biochar application. We attribute the greater crop yield and nutrient uptake primarily to the 77\xe2\x80\x93320% greater available Ca and Mg in soil where biochar was applied.'

'Intensive investigations of genetic variation within and among populations of the whitefly, Bemisia tabaci, are under way in Israel and in Colombia. A polymorphic esterase (EST), which seems to be controlled by a Mendelian locus, has two alleles in sufficiently high frequencies to be useful as a genetic marker. The analysis of more than 10,000 individual adult whiteflies shows genetic differences among localities in the frequencies of the fast (F) and slow (S) alleles. These differences seem to be related to the intensity of insecticide use against the whitefly. The frequency of F is high in unsprayed areas and in control laboratory populations, but is close to zero in heavily-sprayed agricultural areas. The frequency of Fon cotton in agricultural areas is high in winter and spring, but decreases dramatically in the summer (coincidental with the onset of pest-control activities on cotton). A similar temporal pattern on untreated Lantana may be due to migration of adults from agricultural fields. There was no indication of differentiation of populations on different host plants. In Colombia, the difference in EST patterns in different States are very pronounced, suggestive of geographical races. Small samples from Florida, California and Kenya indicate that B. tabaci in different countries may be genetically distinct.'

'\xe2\x80\x82\n                        El Ni\xc3\xb1o is well known to affect marine fishery. The Southern Oscillation, however, may also have a strong effect on riverine fish production in floodplains via its effect on river discharge. In years with high river discharges larger parts of the floodplain are inundated, increasing the surface area of suitable nursery grounds for young fish stock. In this way high river discharges are thought to have a positive effect on fish production, while low discharges are thought to have a negative effect. The collapse of the s\xc3\xa1balo fishery in the Pilcomayo River in Bolivia, for instance, can be attributed to the 1990\xe2\x80\x931995 El Ni\xc3\xb1o event and subsequent overexploitation of the fish stocks.'

'Two new species of Acanthaceae from Bolivia are described, illustrated and discussed: Stenostephanus suburceolatus from Andean hill forest and Justicia calzadillae from the Amazonian lowlands. Notes on Stenostephanus in Bolivia are also provided.'

'Recent temperature trends in long tree-ring and coral proxy temperature histories are evaluated and compared in an effort to objectively determine how anomalous twentieth century temperature changes have been. These histories mostly reflect regional variations in summer warmth from the tree rings and annual warmth from the corals. In the Northern Hemisphere, the North American tree-ring temperature histories and those from the north Polar Urals, covering the past 1000 or more years, indicate that the twentieth century has been anomalously warm relative to the past. In contrast, the tree-ring history from northern Fennoscandia indicates that summer temperatures during the \xe2\x80\x98Medieval Warm Period\xe2\x80\x99 were probably warmer on average than those than during this century. In the Southern Hemisphere, the tree-ring temperature histories from South America show no indication of recent warming, which is in accordance with local instrumental records. In contrast, the tree-ring records from Tasmania and New Zealand indicate that the twentieth century has been unusually warm particularly since 1960. The coral temperature histories from the Galapagos Islands and the Great Barrier Reef are in broad agreement with the tree-ring temperature histories in those sectors, with the former showing recent cooling and the latter showing recent warming that may be unprecedented. Overall, the regional temperature histories evaluated here broadly support the larger-scale evidence for anomalous twentieth century warming based on instrumental records. However, this warming cannot be confirmed as an unprecedented event in all regions.'

'We tested two approaches to forecast species distributions while balancing the impact of climate change against the inertia promoted by other influential factors that have been forecast as not changing. Given that mountain species are presumed to be more at risk due to climate warming, we selected an amphibian, a reptile, a bird, and a mammal species present in the Spanish mountains, to model their distributional response to climate change during this century. The climatic forecasts were made according to the general circulation models CGCM2 and ECHAM4 and to the A2 and B2 emission scenarios. We modelled the response of the species to spatial, topographic, human, and climatic variables separately. In our first approach, we compared each of these single-factor models using the Akaike Information Criterion, and produced a combined model weighting each factor (spatial, topographic, human, and climatic) according to Akaike weights. This procedure overestimated the best model, and the other factors were neglected in the combined model output. In our second approach, we produced a combined model using stepwise selection of the variables previously selected within each factor. In this way every factor was effectively represented in the combined explanatory model of the distributional response of the species to environmental conditions. This enabled the construction of models that combined climate with the other explanatory factors, to be later extrapolated to the future by replacing current climatic and human values with those expected from each emission and socio-economic scenario, while preserving spatial and topographic variables in the model.'

'BackgroundChagas disease transmission risk is a function of the presence of triatomines in domestic habitats. Rhodnius ecuadoriensis is one of the main vectors implicated in transmission of Trypanosoma cruzi in Ecuador. This triatomine species is present in domestic, peridomestic and sylvatic habitats in the country. To determine the distribution of sylvatic populations of R. ecuadoriensis and the factors related to this distribution, triatomine searches were conducted between 2005 and 2009 in southern Ecuador.MethodsManual triatomine searches were conducted by skilled bug collectors in 23 communities. Sylvatic searched sites were selected by a) directed sampling, where microhabitats were selected by the searchers and b) random sampling, where sampling points where randomly generated. Domiciliary triatomine searches were conducted using the one man-hour method. Natural trypanosome infection was determined by microscopic examination and PCR. Generalized linear models were used to test the effect of environmental factors on the presence of sylvatic triatomines.ResultsIn total, 1,923 sylvatic individuals were collected representing a sampling effort of 751 man-hours. Collected sylvatic triatomines were associated with mammal and bird nests. The 1,219 sampled nests presented an infestation index of 11.9%, a crowding of 13 bugs per infested nest, and a colonization of 80% of the nests. Triatomine abundance was significantly higher in squirrel (Sciurus stramineus) nests located above five meters from ground level and close to the houses. In addition, 8.5% of the 820 examined houses in the same localities were infested with triatomines. There was a significant correlation between R. ecuadoriensis infestation rates found in sylvatic and synanthropic environments within communities (p = 0.012). Parasitological analysis revealed that 64.7% and 15.7% of the sylvatic bugs examined (n = 300) were infected with Trypanosoma cruzi and T. rangeli respectively, and 8% of the bugs presented mixed infections.ConclusionsThe wide distribution of sylvatic R. ecuadoriensis populations may jeopardize the effectiveness of control campaigns conducted to eliminate domestic populations of this species. Also, the high T. cruzi infection rates found in sylvatic R. ecuadoriensis populations in southern Ecuador could constitute a risk for house re-infestation and persistent long-term Chagas disease transmission in the region.'

'This study was carried out in forestland of Camili Biosphere Reserve (CBR) area in NE Turkey. It was designed to evaluate the consequences of disturbances on changes in secondary forest succession from 1985 to 2005 for monitoring forest plant biodiversity changes and developing conservation strategies. The successional stages were mapped using Geographic Information System (GIS), Global Positioning System (GPS), aerial photos and high resolution satellite images (IKONOS). The results showed that stable stage decreased about 77.96% over the last 20-year time period. Although 701.6 ha conifer forests existed in competition and reaction stages in 1985, none existed in 2005. In overall, about 33.23% of the area decreased, 42.36% did not change and 24.41% increased in different seral stages. Consequently, 8.83% of the area decreased as a whole to indicate that the forest has been developing from stable to nudation stage, that is to say, retrogressive succession is going on in the area. Forest structure and its relationship with plant biodiversity along with its changes over time were determined using FRAGSTATS. We also investigated spatio-temporal configuration of six secondary forest successional stages and generated structural diversity measures. These measures revealed that the landscape has been fragmented, posing a danger to lose the important components of plant biodiversity. Sustainable management of such degraded forests is of crucial importance for plant biodiversity conservation. In conclusion, the study contributes to the development of a framework for effective conservation of plant biodiversity through plant biodiversity integrated Multiple Use Forest Management (MUFM) plans by using the successional stages and plant biodiversity changes.'

'Concentrations of cations (Na+, Ca2+, Mg2+, K+, NH4\n+), anions (HCO3\n\xe2\x88\x92, Cl\xe2\x88\x92,\xc2\xa0NO3\n\xe2\x88\x92, SO4\n2\xe2\x88\x92, PO4\n3\xe2\x88\x92) and suspended sediments in the Madeira River water were\xc2\xa0determined near the city of Porto Velho (RO), in order to assess variation in\xc2\xa0water chemistry from 2004 to 2007. Calcium and bicarbonate were the dominant\xc2\xa0cation and anion, respectively. Significant seasonal differences were found,\xc2\xa0with highest concentrations occurring during the dry season, as expected from\xc2\xa0the drainage of Andean carbonate-rich substratum. Interannual variations were\xc2\xa0also observed, but became significant only when annual average discharge was\xc2\xa025% less than normal. Under this atypical discharge condition, bicarbonate was\xc2\xa0replaced by sulfate, and higher suspended sediment concentrations and loads\xc2\xa0were also observed. Compared to previously published studies, it appears that\xc2\xa0no significant changes in water chemistry have occurred during the last 20\xe2\x80\x9330\xc2\xa0years, although differences in approaches and sampling designs among this and previous studies may not allow detection of modest changes.\xc2\xa0The calculated suspended sediment load reported here is close to the values presented elsewhere, reinforcing the relative importance of this river as a\xc2\xa0sediment supplier for the Amazon Basin. Seasonality has a significant control\xc2\xa0on the chemistry of Madeira River waters, and severe decrease in discharge due\xc2\xa0to anthropogenic changes, such as construction of reservoirs or the occurrence\xc2\xa0of drier years\xe2\x80\x94a plausible consequence of global climate change\xe2\x80\x94may lead\xc2\xa0to modification in the chemical composition as well in the sediment deliver to\xc2\xa0the Amazon River.'

'Leks, display grounds where males congregate and females visit to copulate, are typically traditional in location, despite often high turnover of individual males. How leks can persist in face of male turnover is not well understood, in part due to a lack of detailed field data allowing for a clear understanding of lek dynamics. We followed the fate of individual males at 11 to 15 leks of the blue-crowned manakin Lepidothrix coronata across four breeding seasons to gain insights on how leks are formed and changed in space and time. Between years, leks were traditional in location despite changes in territory ownership due to male disappearance and recruitment. New males were equally likely to recruit by taking over existing territories or by establishing new territories. Recruitment was influenced by age, as recruits were more likely to be adults than subadults. Lek size did not affect the probabilities of a male recruiting or persisting at a territory, and vocalization rate, a correlate of mating success in this population, did not affect male persistence. We used our field data to model changes in lek size and composition over longer periods of time (100\xc2\xa0years) to understand how lek traditionality can be reconciled with high male turnover. Our simulations showed that leks in our population rapidly stabilize in size despite changes in territory ownership and that rates of male recruitment and disappearance compensate each other, such that leks have the potential to persist for several decades after the original males have disappeared from them.'

'Habitat loss is a major driver of bee declines worldwide, and is of key relevance in the tropics given high deforestation rates, but we continue to have a poor understanding of the impact of land-cover change on tropical bee communities. Orchid bees (Apidae: Euglossini) are critical long-distance pollinators and may be highly susceptible to forest fragmentation given their reliance on forest habitat. Previous studies on the impact of forest fragmentation on euglossines have been geographically limited, have largely ignored \xce\xb2-diversity, and have not compared fragments with continuous forest. To contribute to addressing these gaps, we sampled male euglossine bees in 18 forest fragments (area range: 2.5\xe2\x80\x9333\xc2\xa0ha) and at eight locations within a large (3500\xc2\xa0ha) continuous forest in the Choc\xc3\xb3 biodiversity hotspot of Ecuador during the dry season in 2014. We assessed how euglossine abundance, richness, and evenness related to fragment area, isolation, and edge:area ratio. We also compared fragments to continuous forest, in terms of \xce\xb1- and \xce\xb2-diversity. In fragments, a single species (Euglossa tridentata) comprised 78% of captures, and we found no significant effect of fragment area, isolation, or edge on abundance, richness, or evenness among fragments. Forest fragments and continuous forest differed in both community composition and evenness, but not in abundance or species richness. Spatial turnover (\xce\xb2-diversity) showed a non-significant trend toward changing more rapidly in continuous forest relative to fragments. These results underscore the conservation value of continuous forest for orchid bee diversity.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'This study reappraised traditional knowledge (TK) about palms (Arecaceae) by the Chachi indigenous group in northwestern Ecuador, 30\xc2\xa0years after the first study in 1985 on Chachi palm ethnobotany (Barfod and Balslev 1988). We wished to gain insight about which palm species the Chachi people use today, and how palm TK has changed among the Chachi since 1985. In 2015, using semi-structured interviews and participant observation, we documented nine useful palm species and 457 use reports. The 1985 methods were less formalized, based on open-ended interviews and recorded 14 palm species with 38 use descriptions. Most uses fell into the categories Food (13 use descriptions), Utensils/Tools (10), and Construction (7). In 2015, most of the use descriptions similarly fall into the categories Food (38), Construction (20), and Utensils and tools (19). As in 1985, the most important species harvested today are Iriartea deltoidea and Wettinia quinaria. Four understory palm species reported as useful in 1985 were not recorded in 2015. Still, most of the uses documented among the Chachi in 1985 were also registered in 2015. Knowledge about blowguns, blowgun darts, and marimba keys, however, seems to have vanished. Although palms still provide important ecosystem services for the Chachi, (e.g., food and construction), better management of natural resources and land-use is pivotal to meet the Sustainable Development Goals that Ecuador is committed to through their participation in the United Nation\xe2\x80\x98s Sustainable Development Knowledge Platform. This is particularly complicated because of the rapid human population growth in the coastal lowland of Ecuador and the impending threats from climate change.'

'\nOenocarpus bataua is the seventh most abundant tree in the Amazon and one of the most used palms in the region. The main resource obtained from the species is the fruits that are harvested from wild populations for human consumption. Across its distribution area adults are most frequently felled to obtain the racemes, which may affect the palm\xe2\x80\x99s populations. In this paper we studied the demography of two populations of Oenocarpus bataua to assess the harvest potential of its fruits and the density variation in different habitats in the western Amazon to estimate fruit yields in different forest types. Non-inundated lands held the greatest densities with an average of 11 adults ha\xe2\x88\x921 (0\xe2\x80\x93132 adults ha\xe2\x88\x921). The population finite growth rate (\xce\xbb) in Amacayacu, Colombia, was 0.9103 because of slow growth and low survival of stemless individuals and low recruitment. On the contrary, in Yasun\xc3\xad, Ecuador, we found a growing population with \xce\xbb\xc2\xa0=\xc2\xa01.0368. According to our simulations, adult felling reduced transient population growth (\xce\xbb\n\nt\n) in both populations, especially when harvest was frequent even at low intensities. In Amacayacu a simulated harvest of 60\xc2\xa0% year\xe2\x88\x921 of the fruits by climbing did not modify \xce\xbb\n\nt\n substantially, while in Yasun\xc3\xad, a regime of 80\xc2\xa0% of annual harvest did not diminish \xce\xbb\n\nt\n below one and the initial number of adults. The results help to understand the demography of useful palms and to address sustainable management. For instance high yields can be obtained by shifting to non-destructive harvest techniques that can meet the increasing demand and maintain the populations.'

'Primary seed dispersal by primates (phase I) followed by secondary seed dispersal by dung beetles (phase II) is a common diplochorous system in tropical forests. In such systems, phase I affects the occurrence/outcome of phase II, triggering cascading effects along the chain of plant recruitment with direct consequences on seed dispersal effectiveness. However, we know very little regarding whether seed dispersal effectiveness is increased or decreased by phase II and whether this effect is consistent among habitats. Using a primate\xe2\x80\x93dung beetle diplochorous system, we determined 1) the characteristics of phase I that may affect phase II; 2) the pathways relating biotic/abiotic factors to seed/seedling survival; and 3) if the direction and/or magnitude of phase II effects on seed dispersal effectiveness depend on phase I characteristics. We marked and characterized the dispersal characteristics of 981 seeds dispersed by two tamarin species (Saguinus mystax, Leontocebus nigrifrons) and checked the fate of 503 of them for \xe2\x89\xa51\xc2\xa0year. Seeds dispersed by L. nigrifrons and seeds surrounded by larger amounts of dung were more likely to be buried by dung beetles. Burial increased seed survival in secondary forest while low seed density increased germination in both habitats. Seed burial increased seed dispersal effectiveness more strongly in secondary (+52.2%) vs. in primary forest (+5.0%), in L. nigrifrons (+12.9%) vs. in S. mystax (+7.9%) feces, and in larger fecal portions (+22.1%) vs. in small\xe2\x80\x93medium ones (+7.3\xe2\x80\x937.4%). In conclusion, two seed dispersers are more effective than one only in secondary forest, and the magnitude of increase of seed dispersal effectiveness with phase II depends on how the seeds are primarily dispersed.'

'Chironomid assemblages of 22 artificial water bodies, mainly fountains, in two South American cities were surveyed. We found surprisingly low diversities, with a total of 11 taxa, averaging two taxa per site. The typical fountain assemblages mainly consisted of common species that have a wide distribution pattern and are tolerant to organic pollution. Also taxa independent of the natural aquatic sources, such as tap-water and semi-terrestrial species were represented. There was no significant difference between the taxa richness of the two S. American regions, however, the assemblage structures of the water bodies of Quito and Bogot\xc3\xa1 differed significantly. There was no correlation between sample similarities and distances among the sites either. The low number of taxa recorded can be attributed to the combination of naturally limited species pool and the heavy pollution in natural water bodies as colonization sources.'

'Episodisch auftretender Vulkanismus beg\xc3\xbcnstigt, wie an Beispielen aus Europa, aus den USA und aus Brasilien gezeigt wird, die Bildung von Sedimenten, die reich an organischer Substanz sind (Erd\xc3\xb6l- und Erdgasmuttergesteine). Beispiele aus Europa sind: unterkarbonische Oil-Shale Group, Schottland; oberkarbonische Steinkohle, W-Deutschland; oberjurassischer Kimmeridge Shale, Nordsee-Raum; unterkretazischer Bl\xc3\xa4ttertonstein, NW-Deutschland; und eoz\xc3\xa4ner Messel-\xc3\x96lschiefer, Rheingraben. Beispiele aus den USA sind oberdevonische/unterkarbonische Gas-Shales, \xc3\xb6stliche USA; permische Phosphoria-Formation, mittlere Rocky Mountains; mittelkretazischer Mowry-Shale, n\xc3\xb6rdliche Rocky Mountains; eoz\xc3\xa4ner Green River Shale, s\xc3\xbcdliche Rocky Mountains; und mioz\xc3\xa4ner Monterey Shale, Kalifornien. Aus Brasilien sind permischer Irati Oil Shale und oligoz\xc3\xa4ner Paraiba-Valley Oil Shale beschrieben. Der Vulkanismus \xc3\xa4u\xc3\x9fert sich w\xc3\xa4hrend der Sedimentation vor allen durch: (1) Exhalation von SO2 und/oder CO2, (2) Einwehung vulkanischer Asche, (3) Schaffung anoxischer Verh\xc3\xa4ltnisse und Konservierung der organischen Substanz und (4) halmyrolytische Umwandlung der vulkanischen Aschen in oberfl\xc3\xa4chenaktive Tone (Montmorillonit).'

'The rearing and maintenance of wildvicu\xc3\xb1as in semi-captivity for economicutilization is practiced mainly in Peru, butArgentina, Bolivia, and Chile are quicklydeveloping their own programs of economic use. Large scale rearing practices will likelyisolate populations and may foster selectivebreeding. In addition to these concerns, thereare also uncertainties about the distributionand validity of the currently recognizedsubspecies. To better understand the potentialimpact that economic utilization will have onthe vicu\xc3\xb1a, we describe the moleculargenetic variation among four populations andboth described subspecies. An analysis of 794~bp of mitochondrial DNA sequences (16s,cytochrome b genes, and mtDNA control region)revealed appreciable genetic diversity, low tomoderate levels of genetic differentiation, andrestricted gene flow with isolation by distanceamong populations. Analysis of microsatellitedata also indicated genetic differentiationamong populations. Past climatic and geologicevents, coupled with human history, have likelysubjected the vicu\xc3\xb1a to various episodes ofpopulation isolation and admixture. Therefore,we suggest that managers aim to ensure geneflow among adjoining populations, as observedat mtDNA and microsatellite loci, as well asmaintaining apparent restricted gene flow withisolation by distance among populationsseparated by great distances. Intensiverearing procedures like those being practicedin Peru will ultimately disrupt movements andmigration among wild populations. Furthermore,animals that are not exposed to predation byremaining inside fences, may overtime, loseportions of their behavioral repertoire thatenable them to recognize potentially dangeroussounds associated with the presence ofpredators. Therefore, we do not recommend thatanimals be placed behind fences as this couldlead to a loss of genetic and behavioraldiversity as well as halting natural ecologicalprocesses. If, however, vicu\xc3\xb1as are placedbehind fences for commercial purposes (withlittle or no regard for the retention ofgenetic, and/or behavioral diversity as well asnatural population processes) then we suggestclose genetic monitoring of animals that are(will be) maintained in captivity.'

'BackgroundThe phylogenetic position of the sigmodontine genus Abrawayaomys, historically assigned to the tribe Thomasomyini or considered a sigmodontine incertae sedis, was assessed on the basis of nuclear and mitochondrial DNA sequences obtained from four individuals from different localities in the Atlantic forest of Brazil. Sequences of Abrawayaomys were analyzed in the context of broad taxonomic matrices by means of maximum-likelihood (ML) and Bayesian analyses (BA).ResultsThe phylogenetic position of Abrawayaomys differed depending on the gene analyzed and the analysis performed (interphotoreceptor retinoid-binding protein (IRBP) ML: sister to Thomasomyini; IRBP BA: sister to Akodontini; cytochrome (Cyt) b ML: sister to Neotomys; and Cyt b BA: sister to Reithrodontini). With the sole exception of the BA based on Cyt b sequences, where the Abrawayaomys-Reithrodon clade had strong support, all sister-group relationships involving Abrawayaomys lacked any significant support.ConclusionsAs such, Abrawayaomys constitutes the only representative so far known of one of the main lineages of the sigmodontine radiation, differing from all other Atlantic forest sigmodontine rodents by having a unique combination of morphological character states. Therefore, in formal classifications, it should be regarded as a Sigmodontinae incertae sedis.'

'\nCorbicula fluminea is considered one of the most important non-native invasive species (NIS) in aquatic systems mainly due to its widespread distribution and ecological and economic impacts. This species is known to negatively affect native bivalves, also with severe effects on biodiversity and ecosystem functioning. Throughout an exhaustive bibliographic survey and with the aid of Geographic Information Systems tools, this study tracks the species dispersion from its native range, including the description of important physical and environmental barriers. Additional analyses were conducted to examine possible influences of latitudinal/temperature gradients on important traits (e.g. life span, maximum and mean body length, growth at the end of first year). Altitude and winter minimum temperature appear to be delaying the invasion worldwide, but it seems inevitable that the species will spread across the globe. Latitude and summer temperature show a relationship with growth and life span. Overall, the information gathered in this review may be relevant to forecast future distribution patterns of this NIS, and to anticipate the possible implementation of effective management measures. Moreover, it may constitute a valuable tool in the prediction of population responses to an increasingly changing environment.'

'In most temperate forest ecosystems, tree mortality over time generates downed logs that accumulate as coarse woody debris (CWD) on the forest floor. These downed logs and trunks have important recognized ecosystem functions including habitat for different organisms and long-term organic C storage. Due to its recalcitrant chemical composition and slow decomposition, CWD can also have direct effects on ecosystem carbon and nutrient turnover. CWD could also cause changes indirectly through the physical and chemical alterations that it generates, although it is not well-understood how important these indirect effects could be for ecosystem processes and soil biogeochemistry. We hypothesized that in an old-growth mature forest, CWD affects carbon and nutrient cycles through its \xe2\x80\x9cproximity effects\xe2\x80\x9d, meaning that the forest floor near CWD would have altered soil biotic activity due to the environmental and biogeochemical effects of the presence of CWD. We conducted our study in an old-growth southern beech temperate forest in Patagonia, Argentina, where we estimated and classified the distribution and mass, nutrient pools and decay stage of CWD on the forest floor, and evaluated its impact on litter decomposition, soil mites and soil enzymatic activity of carbon and phosphorus-degrading enzymes. We demonstrate here that CWD in this ecosystem represents an important organic carbon reservoir (85\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921) and nitrogen pool (0.42\xc2\xa0Mg\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921), similar in magnitude to other old-growth forests of the Northern Hemisphere. In addition, we found significant proximity effects of CWD, with increased C-degrading soil enzyme activity, decreased mite abundance, and more rapid litter decomposition beneath highly decayed CWD. Considered at the ecosystem scale in this forest, the removal of CWD could cause a decrease of 6% in soil enzyme activity, particularly in the summer dry season, and nearly 15% in annual litter decomposition. We conclude that beyond the established importance of CWD as a long-term carbon reservoir and habitat, CWD contributes functionally to the forest floor by influencing the spatial heterogeneity of microbial activity and carbon and nutrient turnover. These proximity effects demonstrate the importance of maintenance of this ecosystem component and should be taken into consideration for management decisions pertaining to carbon sequestration and functional diversity in natural forest ecosystems.'

Abstract not available

'Set within the growing literature on migration and development, this paper has two interlinked objectives. First, it examines remittances, a key element of the migration-development nexus, from a gendered perspective. Second it does so in a comparative empirical perspective, focusing on remittance behaviour in two contrasting settings, Albania and Ecuador. Both countries have experienced mass emigration in recent decades. Research is based on household surveys with remittance receivers in selected rural areas of both countries, supplemented by in-depth interviews with both senders and receivers of remittances. By using the concept of \xe2\x80\x98remittance dyads\xe2\x80\x99 \xe2\x80\x94 person-to-person transfers of money and gifts \xe2\x80\x94 we examine the gendered mechanics of conveying and managing remittances to see if they have the potential to reshape gender relations in these migrant households. They do, but the effects are limited.'

'Woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagotricha and L. flavicauda) are threatened species in the wild and in captivity. Numerous zoological institutions have historically kept Lagothrix lagotricha spp., but only a few of them have succeeded in breeding populations. Therefore the majority of institutions that formerly kept Lagothrix lagotricha are no longer able or willing to do so. Captive populations of the species have frequent health problems, most significantly hypertension and related disorders. Researchers have conducted free-ranging dietary and behavior studies with respect to woolly monkeys, but have established no concrete link between diet or nutrients and captive health problems. The available literature we discuss indicates that researchers need to examine the link further. In addition, it is critical to the survival of the primates to be able to keep breeding populations in captivity owing to increasing natural pressures such as deforestation and hunting. Therefore, better understanding of the captive and free-ranging behavior and health parameters of the species is vital to ensure their survival and to maintain forest health and diversity. Researchers need to conduct large-scale research studies comparing the health and complete diet of individuals in the wild and captivity to resolve health problems facing the species in captivity.'

Abstract not available

'A new species of lichen-mimicking praying mantis, Carrikerella simpira n. sp., is described from Tingo Mar\xc3\xada region in Peru. The new species differs from its congeners in having reduced tergal lobes, a relatively sinuous pronotum, and it is found in the highland tropical rainforest of the Central Andes. Behavioral observations conducted on captive individuals revealed that juveniles and adults hunt by impaling prey using modified foretibial structures. Anatomical examinations of the incumbent trophic structures revealed functional adaptations for prey impaling in the foretibiae, primarily consisting of prominent, forwardly oriented, barbed spines. We provide an overall description of this novel hunting behavior in Mantodea and hypothesize on its evolutionary origin and adaptive significance for the Thespidae.'

'BackgroundIn Europe, the north-south downhill cline frequency of the chemokine receptor CCR5 allele with a 32-bp deletion (CCR5-\xce\x9432) raises interesting questions for evolutionary biologists. We had suggested first that, in the past, the European colonizers, principally Romans, might have been instrumental of a progressively decrease of the frequencies southwards. Indeed, statistical analyses suggested strong negative correlations between the allele frequency and historical parameters including the colonization dates by Mediterranean civilisations. The gene flows from colonizers to native populations were extremely low but colonizers are responsible of the spread of several diseases suggesting that the dissemination of parasites in naive populations could have induced a breakdown rupture of the fragile pathocenosis changing the balance among diseases. The new equilibrium state has been reached through a negative selection of the null allele.ResultsMost of the human diseases are zoonoses and cat might have been instrumental in the decrease of the allele frequency, because its diffusion through Europe was a gradual process, due principally to Romans; and that several cat zoonoses could be transmitted to man. The possible implication of a feline lentivirus (FIV) which does not use CCR5 as co-receptor is discussed. This virus can infect primate cells in vitro and induces clinical signs in macaque. Moreover, most of the historical regions with null or low frequency of CCR5-\xce\x9432 allele coincide with historical range of the wild felid species which harbor species-specific FIVs.ConclusionWe proposed the hypothesis that the actual European CCR5 allelic frequencies are the result of a negative selection due to a disease spreading. A cat zoonosis, could be the most plausible hypothesis. Future studies could provide if CCR5 can play an antimicrobial role in FIV pathogenesis. Moreover, studies of ancient DNA could provide more evidences regarding the implications of zoonoses in the actual CCR5-\xce\x9432 distribution.'

'Passifloraceae shows a huge variability of pollen wall characteristics, most still little described. Passiflora is the largest genus with about 580 species with tropical distribution. Few studies in palynological approaches have described the intine layer which can fill existent gaps. Passiflora L. present four subgenera, from which Passiflora, Astrophea, and Decaloba were described in this study. The pollen wall variations were poorly studied, with the objective of describing the morphological and histochemical structure of Passiflora sporoderm that occurs in South America, aims to supply more pollen wall characters in some contexts. Besides the inference of evolutive trends, we described the number of apertures, type, reticule, and variations of the morphology and sporoderm and we related them with possible evolutive trends for the group. As a result, the pollen grains were not far from the patterns found by the literature, with exceptions. The species of the subgenus Passiflora have fused colpi, varying from 6 to 12 colpi, with type 2-reticulate exine. The species of the subgenus Astrophea have colporus and the species of Decaloba varied as the type of aperture, in which a new type of exine to be considered was found: the type 3. The subgenus Passiflora showed the thickest intine, slim endexine, and absent foot layer. While the species that belong to the other subgenera present a slim intine, the endexine is thick and the foot layer is continuous, among other variable characteristics. The size of the pollen grain seems to be related to the thickness of the intine, and consequently, related to possible pollinators. Through the cluster analysis, we reinforce the affinity of the species to its respective subgenus. To conclude, the analysis of the ultrastructure of the sporoderm and external morphology would be useful for an almost complete interpretation of the variations occurring in the genus, giving more information that the subgenus Passiflora is apomorphic when compared to the other two. The pollen wall characters should be considered on the interpretation of natural history, as well as the phylogenetic relationships of the family, mainly in the Passiflora genus, that has a large number of species distributed across the Neotropical regions.'

'Many smallholders in the Amazon employ swidden (slash-and-burn) farming systems in which forest or forest fallows are the primary source of natural soil enrichment. With decreasing opportunities to claim natural forests for agriculture and shrinking landholdings, rotational agriculture on smaller holdings allows insufficient time for fallow to regenerate naturally into secondary forest. This case study examines how Peruvian farmers use \xe2\x80\x9cimproved fallows\xe2\x80\x9d as an adaptive response to a situation of decreasing soil fertility and how the farmers describe the rationale underlying the various actions taken in these modified fallow systems. The results indicate that farmers establish improved fallows using contextual ecological knowledge and various techniques to introduce a large diversity of tree species. This practice is also used to restore degraded land to agricultural production. The tasks of maintaining productivity on agricultural land and reforesting degraded areas is becoming increasingly urgent in the Amazon, making agricultural practices that involve reforestation and tree management highly relevant. Since swidden farming systems are the basis for the livelihoods of most Amazon smallholders, good farming practices elaborated by swidden farmers are important for sustainable small-scale family farming systems in the Amazon.'

"The Pacific Ocean and the \xe2\x80\x9cPacific Rim\xe2\x80\x9d include a vast geographic area and most categories of the earth's ecological niches. As could be expected, macrofungi conform to many distribution patterns, some of which are discussed in this article. An introduction to species concepts and some other ancillary methodological considerations is followed by examples of some distributional patterns: Gondwanan, Transberingian, and island biogeographic. Some considerations of changing distributional patterns are also discussed: widening distributions, probable human mediation, and some unique cases that seem not to conform to accepted patterns. Not surprisingly, we conclude that concerted future collecting and comparison of specimens using multiple methodologies offer the only hope for understanding mushroom distributions, regardless of the geographic area of interest."

'This study investigated the water parameters and the levels of several heavy metals in leaves and roots of the aquatic macrophyte Paspalum repens and in bed sediments of one unpolluted lagoon and two polluted lagoons of the Orinoco River floodplain to know the impact of the alumina refining wastes on these ecosystems. The sampling was performed during four hydrological periods, covering one hydrological year. Chemical parameters in water (pH, conductivity, and total dissolved solids) and the levels of Al, Pb, Cr, and Cu in sediments were the highest in Macanillal (LMaca) lagoon, whereas sediments of Punta Cuchillo (LPC) lagoon also had elevated concentrations of Al and Fe in comparison with Las Aruhacas (LArh) lagoon (unpolluted lagoon). Chemical parameters in waters returned almost to natural values during high water stage because of the huge inundation of the Orinoco River during the high discharge periods. The solid/liquid discharges of industrial effluents over these systems also affected the grain size distribution of sediments in the lagoons. In all the studied lagoons, the distribution of elements in leaves of P. repens was in the order K\xe2\x80\x89\xe2\x89\xa5\xe2\x80\x89Cr\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89Ca\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89Mg\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89Al\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89Fe\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89Mn\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89Cu\xe2\x80\x89>\xe2\x80\x89Pb, whereas Al was found to be the more abundant element in roots. The high abundance of Cr in P. repens was related with the high Cr accumulation potential shown by aquatic macrophytes. Despite this, the concentration of elements in P. repens did not show differences between the plants collected in the polluted lagoons versus the plants collected in the unpolluted lagoon. This suggests that P. repens is unsuitable for bio-monitoring studies of heavy metals in these aquatic environments impacted by alkaline residues.'

'The Neotropical bumblebee Bombus (Fervidobombus) atratus Franklin is widely distributed in South America ranging from tropical and subtropical lowlands to high altitudes in the Andes. Thermal investigations of the Neotropical bumblebee Bombus atratus at rest were performed by means of thermometry. Most social insects are diurnal foragers. When they are inside their nests during the night, they carry out some tasks such as cleaning the nest, brood care or nest thermoregulation. However, forager bees generally pause at night in a sleep-like state. A bumblebee nest was transferred to a brood chamber which was maintained at approximately constant temperature (28\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa01\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C) to prevent the workers from building the protecting involucrum so that one could mark them at birth. To provide a temperature gradient, two chambers were installed adjacent to the brood chamber, so that the workers had the chance to choose between 3 temperatures: the first one kept at 22\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa01\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C, the second at 19\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa01\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C and 28\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa01\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C. The temperatures of the chambers were recorded continuously by a four channel data logger. Three categories of tasks performed by workers were registered in this investigation: warming brood (task 1), feeding brood (task 2) and foragers (task 3). During the experiment 357 workers were born and 252 (71%) of them showed sleep-like behaviour. The total sleep time in hours according to the work done by the workers was task 1 (240.6\xc2\xa0h)\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa0task 3 (236.0\xc2\xa0h)\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa0task 2 (227.3\xc2\xa0h). The workers who performed tasks 1 and 2 preferred to sleep at the highest temperature (28\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa01\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C) and the forager workers at 22\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1\xc2\xa01\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb0C.'

'Many cryptic species were found during the past few years in animals, fungi, and algae by their intraspecious genetic differentiation revealed by PCR-based methods. However, they were rarely found in plants. In this review, we summarized the information on the detection of cryptic species of spore and seed plants according to the data on genetic differentiation between populations. The reasons for their rare discovery, the surrounding circumstances, the distinguishing features, and other issues are discussed.'

'Contiguity of protected areas (PAs) is a critical factor to promote well being of the native flora, fauna and life support system to humans. Such contiguity cannot be guaranteed without providing a path or \xe2\x80\x98a corridor\xe2\x80\x99 through forested landscapes that includes natural land cover and undisturbed patches. Incidentally, the Himalayan foothills have greater pressure on these landscapes due to high human dependence for livelihood. This pressure is expected to increase in the coming years altering the potential corridors between PAs. The PA managers need flexible processing, modeling and decision tools to propose a range of acceptable corridors between the PAs and ensure their sustainable health. Such flexible tools can be utilized in future to modify for taking decision to conserve the patches connecting patches and adapt as per changing landscapes. This article describes utility of geospatial modeling tools to assess the status of corridors in light of changing landscapes between Rajaji and Jim Corbett National Park, the two most important PAs in the Himalayan foothills. The work has been carried out in four stages, first\xe2\x80\x94using satellite data land use land cover (LULC) maps were prepared for year 1990, 2000 and 2005, second\xe2\x80\x94Land Change Modeler (LCM) was used for LULC change analysis, third\xe2\x80\x94Multi Layer Perceptron Neural Network (MLPNN) was used to predict the status of LULC for 2015 and 2020, and fourth\xe2\x80\x94using temporal morphology of the areas behaving both as barrier and easiness, friction surface cost was calculated to identify least cost pathways (LCPs)/migratory corridors between the PAs. The LULC maps for 1990, 2000 and 2005 were evaluated using accuracy assessment (80%) and Khat statistics (>0.79). The change prediction model was validated by comparing actual LULC of 2005 with predicted LULC of 2005 and the agreement was 71%. The LCP has shifted with the predicted change in the classes. The corridor has shifted by 0.5\xe2\x80\x933\xc2\xa0km towards the south and has come closer to the agriculture fields and river channels.'

'Today, native vegetation in the Valdivian Coastal Range (VCR) is restricted to areas where small-scale land use dominates resulting in a vegetation mosaic. This study (1) provides a description of the vegetation types (VT) within the vegetation mosaic, (2) identifies land use drivers that lead to either degradation or recovery processes and, (3) attempts to provide an explanation for the vegetation mosaic with a conceptual model. In two regions of the VCR we sampled 102 plots for composition of vegetation and indicators of livestock browsing, timber cutting and coppice forestry. We classified the vegetation using a flexible beta method and Bray-Curtis distance. Diagnostic species were identified by an extended indicator species analysis. The clustering results were visualized in NMDS and recursive partitioning was used to explain variations in the VTs as a function of the land use variables. Differentiating effects were tested using PERMANOVA and a conceptual model for the vegetation dynamics was developed from the results. Four VTs such as (1) extensively grazed non-native grasslands (EGN); (2), closed and semi-closed grazed Ugni and Berberis shrublands; (3) severely impacted evergreen forests; and (4) sparsely disturbed evergreen forests were recognized. The browsing indicators were important for differentiating the VTs. The EGN grasslands were differentiated by having more than 0.075 dung piles/m\xc2\xb2. Areas with fewer dung piles but direct browsing effects had the greatest impact on vegetation. Forests were preserved when the mean browsing index was equal to or lower than 0.5. The cutting frequency was significant in determining overall floristic composition. We showed that shrublands and evergreen forests within the vegetation mosaic and the result of small-scale farming led to high native forest species richness. This makes the vegetation mosaic especially valuable in a landscape dominated by exotic tree monocultures.'

'By the year 2050, agriculture will have to provide the food and nutrition requirements of some 9 billion people. Moreover, to maintain that level of productivity indefinitely it must do so using environmentally sustainable production systems. This task will be profoundly complicated by the effects of climate change, increasing competition for water resources and loss of productive lands. Agricultural production methods will also need to recognize and accommodate ongoing rural to urban migration and address a host of economic, ecological and social concerns about the \xe2\x80\x98high inputs/high outputs\xe2\x80\x99 model of present-day industrial agriculture. At the same time, there is a need to confront the unacceptable levels of continuing food and nutrition insecurity, greatest in the emerging economy countries of Africa and Asia where poverty, rapid population growth and climate change present additional challenges and where agriculture is practiced primarily by small-scale farmers. Within this context, we here review science-based evidence arguing that diversification with greater use of highly valuable but presently under-valorised crops and species should be an essential element of any model for sustainable smallholder agriculture. The major points of these development opportunity crops are presented in four sections: agricultural farming systems, health and nutrition, environmental sustainability and prosperity of the populations. For each section, these crops and their associated indigenous knowledge are reported to bring benefits and services when integrated with food systems. In this paper, we conclude that not only a change in policy is needed to influence behaviours and practices but also strong leadership able to synergize the various initiatives and implement an action plan.'

'This article presents participatory mapping (PM) and Participatory Geographical Information Systems (PGIS) approaches as an appropriate and still developing kind of community-based spatial study in archaeology. Researchers and practitioners who advocate reflexive mapping practices in the field recognize that mapping is not an objective practice and that maps are necessarily the product of those who create them. We consider that a PM/PGIS approach can contribute to this reflexive practice through the incorporation of local spatial knowledge (LSK) which is always place-based and reflects a long and close physical interaction with the landscape. For local communities, this approach helps them to be incorporated as active subjects in the registration and interpretation of their cultural heritage, as well as in the defense and management of it. At the same time, archaeological studies are enriched by incorporating contemporary perspectives and local people\xe2\x80\x99s knowledge into interpretations of past landscapes.'

'We quantitatively examined the relationships between Sorghum landrace diversity at the field level and environmental factors and farmers\xe2\x80\x99 selection practices in north Shewa and south Welo regions of Ethiopia. Surveys were conducted on 260 randomly selected farmers\xe2\x80\x99 fields. The altitude and size of each field were recorded. Sorghum plants at 5 m intervals along transect lines spaced 10 m apart over each field were identified by the farmers and the owner of each field was asked why she/he decided to grow each plant. Soil samples were collected from all of the fields and analyzed for pH, organic content, and sand, silt and clay content. Simple and polynomial regressions and multiple regression analyses showed that Sorghum landrace diversity at the field level had significant relationships with the number of selection criteria used by the farmers, field altitude, field size, pH and clay content. As the number of selection criteria increased, landrace diversity in the fields increased. This relationship was not a result of the correlation between selection criteria and the environmental factors, because it was significant after statistically correcting for the effects of the environmental variables. This study quantitatively confirms the role of traditional farmers in the maintenance of sorghum landrace diversity in north Shewa and south Welo regions of Ethiopia.'

'Cyanobacteria are oxygenic photosynthetic organisms that are prevalent in freshwater and marine ecosystems. A proportion of the cyanobacteria in a given locality are known to be introduced from other regions and are able to cause harmful cyanobacterial blooms. However, the processes by which cyanobacteria is relocated are not well described. This review presents the various natural and anthropogenic methods of cyanobacterial transport, with emphasis on the dispersal of problematic taxa. Natural mechanisms for transport of cyanobacteria include meteorological phenomena such as dust storms and tsunamis, which facilitate the long-distance transport of cyanobacteria through the air and rafting debris in oceans, respectively. Cyanobacteria can also be transported by animals such as worms, seabirds and planktivorous fish. The influence of anthropogenic activities on cyanobacterial distributions is also discussed, with focus on transport through international shipping and on rafting surfaces provided by plastic pollution. In this study, a total of 150 species of cyanobacteria from 64 genera were identified to be transported across a combination of natural and anthropogenic methods. As cyanobacteria are organisms that are prevalent in many ecosystems, an understanding of these transport processes will allow for improved assessment and monitoring of introduced toxic cyanobacterial species.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'In social animals, areas where the home ranges of neighboring groups overlap are often underused. The Risk Hypothesis posits that the costs of intergroup conflict create a \xe2\x80\x9clandscape of fear,\xe2\x80\x9d discouraging the use of such shared areas. To test this hypothesis, we observed the behavior of white-faced capuchins (Cebus capucinus) in central vs. peripheral areas of their home ranges. If capuchins perceive areas of home range overlap as \xe2\x80\x9crisky,\xe2\x80\x9d we predicted they would change activity budgets, vocalization rates, and foraging behavior in these areas. A spatially explicit behavioral comparison based on nearly 100 h of focal follows revealed that capuchins socialize less in the periphery (vs. the center) of their home range. Time spent resting, foraging, and engaging in vigilance, as well as vocalization rates, varied in consistent ways across all four study groups, but these differences did not reach statistical significance. Fruit trees near range borders (vs. the center) contained more ripe fruit, and groups spent more time in these trees, with more individuals entering to feed and consuming more fruits. However, capuchins did not alter their foraging behavior in potentially risky peripheral areas in a manner consistent with predictions of optimal foraging theory: intake rates at patch departure were not significantly lower and groups depleted trees to a greater extent along the periphery vs. in the center of their range. These results suggest that while peripheral areas are perceived as risky and this \xe2\x80\x9clandscape of fear\xe2\x80\x9d contributes to behavioral changes, they also provide resources whose value may outweigh the cost of intergroup encounters.'

Abstract not available

'\nSophronitis sincorana and S. pfisteri (Orchidaceae) are endemic to the campo rupestre vegetation, northeastern Brazil, occurring sympatrically and flowering synchronously. In this work we studied the reproductive biology of both species and investigated reproductive barriers between them. Both species are partially self-compatible, pollinator dependent, and are pollinated by males and worker bees of Bombus brevivillus. Pollinaria are deposited on the anterior portion of the mesonotum of these insects in S. pfisteri, and on the scutellum in S. sincorana. The flowers of both species are deceptive, as they have a dry cuniculus. Morphological differences in the labellum and the gynostemium impede inter-specific pollination of S. pfisteri with pollen from S. sincorana. Very low fruiting results from inter-specific crosses of S. sincorana with pollen from S. pfisteri. Although viable seeds can be produced from experimental inter-specific crosses, no natural hybrids were found. Species integrity appears to be maintained by additive unidirectional reproductive barriers between them.'

'Important papers on taxonomy and evolution of cultivated plants published in 1977 and 1978 were put together and briefly discussed.'

'BackgroundInsects are known to be able to provide valuable nutrients to indigenous populations across the Amazon. However, studies on traditional insect use in the Peruvian Amazon are scarce. This study documents edible insect diversity and characterizes their food and collection patterns in eight Awaj\xc3\xban communities in the Peruvian Amazon. Additionally, we reviewed what has been known to date about the nutrient composition of the documented species.MethodsThe survey was conducted among the Awaj\xc3\xban populations living in the Huampami, Paisa, Achu, and Tseasim communities in the Cenepa district and the Shijap, San Mateo, Kusu, and Listra communities in the Imaza district. Data collection was conducted through a freelisting exercise complemented by a semi-structured inquiry form in the Awaj\xc3\xban language. In total, 104 informants (72 men and 32 women) aged between 16 to 73\xc2\xa0years were interviewed.ResultsThe Awaj\xc3\xban people use at least 12 insect species, with Rhynchophorus palmarum, Atta cephalotes, and Rhinostomus barbirostris being the most important ones. Beetles of the family Curculionidae represent the culturally most salient taxon. In the more accessible and developed Imaza district, the Awaj\xc3\xban tend to eat almost exclusively R. palmarum, while in the more isolated and preserved Cenepa district, the community\xe2\x80\x99s preferences are linked with more species. Although men are the main insect collectors, women cited more edible insects on average. The insects are eaten mainly roasted or raw. Further use patterns and differences between the districts are discussed.ConclusionTraditional knowledge related to edible insects and the ecosystems they occur in is widespread among the Awaj\xc3\xban populations, and insects still represent an important part of the indigenous food system. This ethnobiological survey discovered five species that are newly recorded as edible insects. Chemical composition of insects deemed edible by the Awaj\xc3\xban ought to be analyzed in the future and awareness about their nutritional importance should be raised to harness the potential of this underutilized yet nutrient-rich traditional food.'

'\xe2\x80\x82A tree-ring chronology network recently developed from the subantarctic forests provides an opportunity to study long-term climatic variability at higher latitudes in the Southern Hemisphere. Fifty long (1911\xe2\x80\x931985), homogeneous records of monthly mean sea-level pressure (MSLP) from the southern latitudes (15\xe2\x80\x9365\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb0S) were intercorrelated on a seasonal basis to establish the most consistent, long-term Trans-Polar teleconnections during this century. Variations in summer MSLP between the South America-Antarctic Peninsula and the New Zealand sectors of the Southern Ocean are significantly correlated in a negative sense (r=\xe2\x88\x920.53, P<0.001). Climatically sensitive chronologies from Tierra del Fuego (54\xe2\x80\x9355\xc2\xb0) and New Zealand (39\xe2\x80\x9347\xc2\xb0) were used to develop verifiable reconstructions of summer (November to February) MSLP for both sectors of the Southern Ocean. These reconstructions, which explain between 37 and 43% of the instrumentally recorded pressure variance, indicate that inverse trends in MSLP from diametrically opposite sides of Antarctica have prevailed during the past two centuries. However, the strength of this relationship varies over time. Differences in normalized MSLP between the New Zealand and the South America-Antarctic Peninsula sectors were used to develop a Summer Trans-Polar Index (STPI), which represents an index of sea-level pressure wavenumber one in the Southern Hemisphere higher latitudes. Tree-ring based reconstructions of STPI show significant differences in large-scale atmospheric circulation between the nineteenth and the twentieth centuries. Predominantly-negative STPI values during the nineteenth century are consistent with more cyclonic activity and lower summer temperatures in the New Zealand sector during the 1800s. In contrast, cyclonic activity appears to have been stronger in the mid-twentieth than previously for the South American sector of the Southern Ocean. Recent variations in MSLP in both regions are seen as part of the long-term dynamics of the atmosphere connecting opposite sides of Antarctica. A detailed analysis of the MSLP and STPI reconstructions in the time and frequency domains indicates that much of the interannual variability is principally confined to frequency bands with a period around 3.3\xe2\x80\x933.6\xe2\x80\x89y. Cross spectral analysis between the STPI reconstruction and the Southern Oscillation Index suggests that teleconnections between the tropical ocean and extra-tropical MSLP variations may be influencing climate fluctuations at southern latitudes.'

'The rotifers at this Ramsar site were inventoried for the first time. A total of 114 taxa, belonging 30 genera were found in samples collected from four aquatic habitats in the R\xc3\xado Paraguay basin, in northern Argentina. The rotifer fauna is characterized by a large proportion of cosmopolitan and tropicopolitan species and few species endemic to the Neotropical Region (5%). In the list, 22% of the taxa are new to the Argentine fauna. Colurella sinistra Carlin is a new record to the Neotropical fauna. Ecological and distributional notes on selected species are included.'

'Poor countries are disproportionately affected by the cost of disasters. Yet there is evidence of the benefits of seeking to mitigate the impact of a disaster, compared with the costs incurred in \xe2\x80\x98making good\xe2\x80\x99 after a major event has occurred. This article reviews a programme of landslide risk reduction in unplanned communities in the Eastern Caribbean. The construction of appropriate surface water management measures, based on the application of scientific and engineering principles, has been demonstrated to reduce the hazard from rainfall-triggered landslides. Adopting a community-based approach additionally delivers social and environmental benefits relating to employment generation, improvements in the environmental conditions within the community, and improvements slope management practices. The sustained implementation of the community-based projects has provided the necessary evidence-base for these practices to influence Government policy and practice, and gain recognition from regional development agencies. The strategic and incremental uptake of the community-based methodology is demonstrated to be an effective means for delivering physical landslide risk reduction measures in the most \xe2\x80\x98at risk\xe2\x80\x99 areas of unplanned housing.'

'In his last lifetime essay, \xe2\x80\x9cA Few Words about the Noosphere\xe2\x80\x9d, Academician V.I. Vernadsky (1944) wrote that all living organisms on the planet, including man, are integral to the biosphere of the Earth, its material and energy structure and cannot be physically independent of it even for a minute. However, the substrate that generates all living beings and is no less tightly bound to the biosphere has always been characterized by a significant geochemical heterogeneity, traced both in the vertical and in the lateral structure of all geospheres.The present work is devoted to three most important aspects of modern geochemistry and biogeochemistry:\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 evolution of the ecological and geochemical state of the environment under conditions of a virgin (anthropogenically untouched) biosphere;\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 structural features of the geochemical organization of the modern noosphere;\n\n\n\xe2\x80\x94 specificity of the interaction of living matter with the environment under increasing anthropogenic load.\n\n\nOn the basis of theoretical concepts of biogeochemistry and geochemical ecology, formulated in the works of V.I. Vernadsky, A.P. Vinogradov, A.E. Fersman, B.B. Polynov, A.I. Perel\xe2\x80\x99man, M.A. Glazovskaya, V.V. Kovalsky, E. Odum, B. Commoner, E.I. Kolchinskii and others, the author puts forward a hypothesis that there exist two qualitatively different stages in the evolution of the biosphere.The first stage is recognized as the period of natural evolution of the biosphere during which it evolves successively into a more complex and more biogeochemically specialized object. In the course of the geological time, this constantly results, on the one hand, in an increase in species diversity and the perfection of individual species, and, on the other hand, to directed improvement and a greater differentiation of the geochemical conditions of the environment. At this stage, the evolution of all systems of the biosphere that were controlled by the mechanisms of self-organization and self-regulation resulted in the establishment of a dynamic equilibrium, which was responsible for the cycling of all essential chemical elements and therefore providing ecologically optimal geochemical conditions in all ecological niches and for all species and biocenoses inhabiting the biosphere at any given moment.The beginning of the second stage is related to the appearance of reason and qualitative changes in the biosphere caused by the goal-directed activity of the human mind, as an entirely new geological force that appeared to be able not only to disrupt the functioning of natural mechanisms of self-regulation and selforganization, but also to transform the environment in the intersts of a single biological species, Homo sapiens. A direct consequence of this change was the uncontrolled transformation of the natural environment, during which the primary structure (geochemical background) created in the course of billions of years was eventually superimposed by a qualitatively new layer of anthropogenically-derived chemical elements and compounds, thus building an interference pattern of a new geochemical field with which practically all modern living organisms are now forced to interact.An outstanding feature of the new evolutionary stage of the natural environment, called by Vernadsky the noosphere, is that biogeochemical changes at this stage proceed at a rate which exceeds that required for the living matter to adapt to these changes. The result is the disruption of the existing parameters of the biological cycle, leading to the emergence of a significant number of endemic diseases of geochemical nature.The proposed approach was used to prove the anthropogenic genesis of existing geochemical endemic diseases and explain the mechanisms of their appearance. In addition, this approach allowed us to develop a new methodology for mapping zones of ecological and geochemical risk and noticeably simplify the procedure of monitoring distribution and prevention of all diseases of geochemical nature.'

'An inventory of isolated tree stands surrounded by desert pastures in Southern Tibet (A.R. Xizang, China) revealed more than 50 sites with vigorous trees of Juniperus convallium Rehder & E.H. Wilson and Juniperus tibetica Kom and additional more than 10 records where juniper trees had been destroyed between 1959\xe2\x80\x931976. The tree stands are not restricted to any specific habitat, and occur within an area stretching 650\xc2\xa0km westwards from the current forest border of Southern Tibet. The trees are religious landmarks of the Tibetan Buddhists. The highest trees were found at an elevation of 4,860\xc2\xa0m. Vegetation records, rainfall correlations and temperature data collected by local climate stations and successful reforestation trials since 1999 indicate that forest relicts fragmented through human interference could regenerate if current cattle grazing and deforestation practices are halted. The drought line of Juniperus forests in Southern Tibet is approximately 200\xe2\x80\x93250\xc2\xa0mm/a. A first pollen diagram from Lhasa shows forest decline associated with the presence of humans since at least 4,600\xc2\xa0yr BP. The currently degraded commons developed in the last 600\xc2\xa0yr. To date, no findings of remains of ancient forests in the Central Tibetan Highlands of the Changtang have been reported.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'In the Origin of Maize Controversy, the Orthodox Teosinte Hypothesis (OTH; Beadle 1939, 1972; Iltis 1971), five key mutations change 2-ranked (distichous) ears of teosinte (wild Zea) with a single row of grains per rank to 4- to many-ranked (polystichous) maize ears with a double row of grains per rank. BUT teosinte ears are lateral to the 1\xc2\xb0 branch axes, maize ears, like their male homologues, the teosinte I\xc2\xb0 branch tassel spikes, terminal, an enigma long unrecognized, hence ignored. In the Catastrophic Sexual Transmutation Theory (CSTT; Iltis 1983b, 1987), now abandoned, the I\xc2\xb0 branch tassel (male) of teosinte (spikelets soft-glumed, paired, i.e., double-rowed per rank, as in maize ears), when brought under female hormonal control by branch condensation, becomes feminized into a maize proto-ear. BUT lateral ears should then have remained teosintoid (2-ranked, each rank with a single row of grains), yet are in fact double-rowed.Combining OTH and CSTT, the new Sexual Translocation Theory (STLT) is based on: first, the branching pattern of teosinte ear clusters (C\xc3\xa1mara-H. & Gambino 1990), sequentially maturing, sympodially branching, typically Andropogonoid systems, called rhipidia (sing, rhipidium), where each higher order (younger) ear originates as a lateral branch of its lower order, earlier maturing predecessor; and second, on 3 or 4 key mutations [cupule reduction, softening of glumes, doubling of female spikelets], which, by projecting outward the grains, invited human domestication by making them accessible. Within each ear cluster, the earliest maturing, hence nutrient-monopolizing and largest ear would be selected, all younger ears, already nutrientinhibited, suppressed. As fewer, larger ears evolved, and branch internode condensation moved male tassels into female hormonal zones, homeotic conversions translocated female morphology to terminal male positions: first replacing each of the II\xc2\xb0 branch tassels, and ultimately the 1\xc2\xb0 branch tassel (male), with an ear (female). With this, now female structure in the apically dominant, hence most nutrient-demanding terminal position gradually suppressing all subsidiary ears on the 1\xc2\xb0 branch beneath it, mutations for polystichy (contingent on nutrient overload) were finally allowed to become expressed, and the multi-rowed maize ear (at first with an atavistic male tail) evolved. Favored by human selection, these increases in apical dominance by stepwise homeotic sexual conversions explain both archeological and morphological realities, but need to be harmonized with recent results of developmental genetics.Current evidence suggests that teosinte was first tended for its green ears and sugary pith by hunter-gatherers as an occasional rainy-season food in small \xe2\x80\x9cgarden\xe2\x80\x9d populations away from its homeland, and not for its abundant grain-containing, hard fruitcases, which easily mass-collected but useless as food, are as yet unknown from the archeological record. A rare grain-liberating teosinte mutation (probably expressed in only one \xe2\x80\x9cfounder\xe2\x80\x9d plant, a mazoid \xe2\x80\x9cEve\xe2\x80\x9d), which exposed the encased grain for easy harvest, was soon recognized as useful, collected and planted (or self-planted). Thus maize was started on its way to a unique horticultural domestication that is not comparable to that of the temperate Old World mass-selected agricultural grains.'

'Soils hold the largest pool of organic carbon (C) on Earth; yet, soil organic carbon (SOC) reservoirs are not well represented in climate change mitigation strategies because our database for ecosystems where human impacts are minimal is still fragmentary. Here, we provide a tool for generating a global baseline of SOC stocks. We used partial least square (PLS) regression and available geographic datasets that describe SOC,\xc2\xa0climate, organisms, relief, parent material and time. The accuracy of the model was determined by the root mean square deviation (RMSD) of predicted SOC against 100 independent measurements. The best predictors were related to\xc2\xa0primary productivity, climate, topography, biome classification, and soil type. The largest C stocks for the top 1 m\xc2\xa0were found in boreal forests (254\xc2\xa0\xc2\xb1 14.3 t ha\xe2\x88\x921) and tundra\xc2\xa0(310\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x8915.3 t ha\xe2\x88\x921). Deserts had the lowest C stocks (53.2\xe2\x80\x89\xc2\xb1\xe2\x80\x896.3\xc2\xa0t\xc2\xa0ha\xe2\x88\x921)\xc2\xa0and statistically similar C stocks were found for temperate and Mediterranean forests (142 - 221 t ha\xe2\x88\x921), tropical and subtropical forests (94 - 143 t ha\xe2\x88\x921) and grasslands (99-104 t ha\xe2\x88\x921). Solar radiation, evapotranspiration, and annual mean temperature were negatively correlated with SOC, whereas soil water content was positively correlated with SOC. Our model explained 49% of SOC variability, with\xc2\xa0RMSD (0.68) representing approximately 14% of observed C stock variance, overestimating extremely low and underestimating extremely high stocks, respectively. Our baseline PLS predictions of SOC stocks can be used for estimating the maximum amount of C that may be sequestered in soils\xc2\xa0across biomes.'

'Genetic resistance has been used to control nematodes of some crops. There are many more published reports of resistance than of successful use of resistant cultivars for management of nematode populations. Possible explanations for this apparent discrepancy are explored in relation to making better use of naturally occurring genetic resistance in more crops. Analysis of the use of resistance emphasises that the extents of genetic variation in host crop and pest nematode populations are very important determinants of durable resistance. Single dominant resistant genes in pure line crops are likely to provide durable control only in unusual situations. Human impacts on plant genetic variation during the relatively recent domestication of crops and their current use in industrialised farming have also affected nematode variation. Moreover, the timeframe, spatial scales and likely nature of plant-nematode co-evolution in the longer period preceding domestication further emphasise the significance and extent of the genetic complexity of the interactions. It is important to take these factors into account during the identification of resistance sources and their exploitation through plant breeding.'

'BMC Ecology announces the winning entries in its inaugural Ecology Image Competition, open to anyone affiliated with a research institute. The competition, which received more than 200 entries from international researchers at all career levels and a wide variety of scientific disciplines, was looking for striking visual interpretations of ecological processes. In this Editorial, our academic Section Editors and guest judge Dr Yan Wong explain what they found most appealing about their chosen winning entries, and highlight a few of the outstanding images that didn\xe2\x80\x99t quite make it to the top prize.'

'Distyly has been interpreted as a mechanism that favors cross-fertilization. In this research we describe floral attributes and ancillary floral polymorphisms typically associated to heterostylous plants in Palicourea demissa (Rubiaceae), a distylous shrub of the Venezuelan Andes cloud forests. A hand-pollination experiment was done to evaluate self- and intramorph incompatibility and female reproductive output in both floral morphs. The studied population was morphologically distylous but morph differences in most ancillary floral polymorphisms and reciprocity of the sexual organ heights were found. The floral morphs were self-incompatible and did not differ in fruit set under controlled cross-pollination conditions, but at the population level they exhibited imperfect reciprocal herkogamy. Fruits and seeds of short-styled plants were larger than those of long-styled plants and fruit set was higher in short-styled plants under natural conditions, suggesting a higher reproductive potential among short-styled plants. Given the 1:1 morph ratio within the studied population, further evidence is needed to determine the influence of floral visitors and seed dispersers in the expression of heterostyly in P. demissa under natural conditions.'

'As global surface temperatures rise, global precipitation rates are predicted to increase. These localised increases in rainfall patterns may significantly affect plant\xe2\x80\x93pollinator interactions in multiple ways. Detrimental effects to plant\xe2\x80\x93pollinator interactions could have significant ecological and economic consequences, and so it is important to understand the effects that rain has on these mutualisms. Increased rainfall has the potential for population-level effects but there also wide scope for individual-level effects, which have received surprisingly little attention. Changes in rainfall patterns could alter the timings of phenological phases while also increasing the likelihood of pollen degradation and nectar dilution, each having detrimental effects to the fitness of the plant, the pollinator or both parties. Pollinators could also be affected through mechanical and energetic constraints, along with disruption of foraging patterns and disruption to sensory signals. In this review, we demonstrate that there are clear gaps in our knowledge of these events, the exploration of which should open new areas of debate surrounding the effects of climate change on biological systems.'

Abstract not available

'The most important problems of the phosphorite formation are considered. It is shown that phosphorus is a typical biogenic component, which is concentrated in the course of biogenic sulfate reduction at the mud stage of transformation of rocks highly enriched in organic matter due to acidification of solutions, while precipitation is stimulated by alkalinization of the interstitial and rock solutions by carbonates. The role of terrestrial source in the formation of phosphorite deposits is emphasized.'

Abstract not available

'The history of hypogean fish research has been strongly influenced by neo-Lamarckism (including orthogenesis) and typological thinking. Only in the last few decades neo-Darwinism has made any inroads in the research approach to this subject. The majority of the most distinguished and productive hypogean fish researchers have used their research subjects to confirm their own views on evolution rather than to use those subjects as a spring of knowledge to enrich mainstream biological thought. Of these views, I found that the most perversive of all is the notion of evolutionary \xe2\x80\x98progress\xe2\x80\x99 that has led many researchers to envision hypogean fishes as prime examples of \xe2\x80\x98regressive\xe2\x80\x99 evolution. I propose that the utilization of hypogean fishes for the study of convergent evolution should catapult these subjects of research into prime objects of evolutionary ideas.'

'In this study we perform an ecological analysis of the resources use in the diet of the ribeirinho populations of the Barcelos municipality, Rio Negro, Amazonas, Brazil. Data on food composition, seasonality, and origin took place during three field trips between 1999 and 2000. Data were gathered based on structured interviews and observations from a total of 320 meals of 114 randomly selected families and 164 fishing trips. The staple food of the studied populations is based on fish and manioc, although the food niche amplitude can vary according to the factors such as the access to imported food items, resources seasonality, and socio-economic conditions. The migration to urban centers along with the changes in subsistence activities (reduction of small-scale agriculture and specialization in commercial fishing) may result in changes in the food habits of ribeirinho populations from Rio Negro.'

'This paper discusses the relationship between religion and science education in the light of the cognitive sciences. We challenge the popular view that science and religion are compatible, a view that suggests that learning and understanding evolutionary theory has no effect on students\xe2\x80\x99 religious beliefs and vice versa. We develop a cognitive perspective on how students manage to reconcile evolutionary theory with their religious beliefs. We underwrite the claim developed by cognitive scientists and anthropologists that religion is natural because it taps into people\xe2\x80\x99s intuitive understanding of the natural world which is constrained by essentialist, teleological and intentional biases. After contrasting the naturalness of religion with the unnaturalness of science, we discuss the difficulties cognitive and developmental scientists have identified in learning and accepting evolutionary theory. We indicate how religious beliefs impede students\xe2\x80\x99 understanding and acceptance of evolutionary theory. We explore a number of options available to students for reconciling an informed understanding of evolutionary theory with their religious beliefs. To conclude, we discuss the implications of our account for science and biology teachers.'

'\nCytogenetic and morphological studies have begun to reexamine the taxonomy of the red howlers Alouatta seniculus which live throughout the northern and western Amazon basin, in the Guianas, and from northern Colombia and Venezuela, south to Bolivia. We briefly review the current state of knowledge of the taxonomy and distributions of red howlers, in particular, that of the Guianan subspecies. Recently, two names have been applied to populations from this region, Simia straminea Humboldt, 1812, and Alouatta macconnelli Elliot, 1910. Allen (1911, 1916) unquestioningly accepted the validity of A. macconnelli from the Guyana coast, but most subsequent taxonomic revisions (Cruz Lima, 1945; Cabrera, 1957; Husson, 1978) have synonymized it with S. straminea. Tate (1939) and Hill (1962) listed Alouatta seniculus macconnelli, but both doubted its validity. Nevertheless, recent cytogenetic and morphological studies, without due consideration of the taxonomic history of the two scientific names, have led to the resurrection of A. macconnelli, as distinct from S. straminea. The use of the name Alouatta macconnelli has evidently arisen from a cursory reading of Hill (1962) or an uncritical interpretation of his provisional subspecific distribution map or both. There are also contradictory interpretations of a reciprocal translocation as indicating that Simia straminea and Alouatta macconnelli are separate species (Bonvicino et al., 1995) or the same subspecies (Sampaio et al., 1996). Doubts about the type locality of Simia straminea Humboldt, 1812, as given by Hill (1962), led us to research its original description and to conclude that Simia straminea is a synonym of Alouatta caraya and therefore unavailable for Alouatta seniculus. Before A. macconnelli is accepted as the next available name for the Guianan red howlers, however, we advocate a thorough review of Guianan, Venezuelan, and Colombian red howler subspeciation, with due consideration for the taxonomic status of Mycetes auratus and Mycetes laniger Gray, 1845. We note that Alouatta guariba (Humboldt, 1812) is a senior synonym of Alouatta fusca (Saint-Hilaire, 1812).\n'

'Ecological engineers have important effects on biodiversity because they often increase habitat complexity and moderate environmental conditions, implying that their influence on associated fauna will vary across gradients of environmental stress. To test this, we quantified the positive effects of mussel beds on associated benthic communities around the entire South African coastline (~3500\xc2\xa0km). We hypothesised that molluscan assemblages would show stronger affinities to the presence of mussel beds with increasing levels of heat-stress. Biomimetic loggers used to characterise thermal properties within and outside mussel beds found that solitary mussels experienced significantly greater daily maximum temperatures than mussels within beds across all locations. However, the magnitude of such differences did not appear to vary with latitude or time of year but rather was strongly influenced by biogeographic region. Differences in the abundance, diversity and community structure of molluscs within and outside mussel beds showed similar biogeographic variability, with differences in total molluscan abundances being most pronounced along the cool temperate west coast during summer and least pronounced along the warm temperate south coast during winter. Greater affinity of molluscan assemblages for mussel beds within cooler biogeographic regions suggests that evolutionary history and/or other abiotic factors may be the primary cause for the stronger influence of mussel beds on the west coast. This highlights the complex, context-dependant nature of ecosystem engineering and the varying degrees to which associated organisms affiliate with these biogenic structures. Such findings have important implications for the use of ecosystem engineers as umbrella species in ecological conservation.'

'Amazonian plant management is perhaps nowhere as intense as in homegardens and swiddens. A quantitative ethnobotanical study was conducted in Indigenous Territory and National Park Isiboro-S\xc3\xa9cure, Bolivia, to investigate plant use and management in homegardens and swiddens by local Yuracar\xc3\xa9 and Trinitario ethnic groups. Ethnobotanical data of plants were obtained from 11 Yuracar\xc3\xa9 and 11 Trinitario participants through semistructured interviews. A total of 151 different cultivated or tolerated species was recorded, accounting for 21% of all inventoried plants considered useful to local Yuracar\xc3\xa9s and Trinitarios. The local use value of managed plants is almost twice that of wild plants. Managed plants score particularly higher than wild plants for medicinal, food and material applications. Most managed plants are herbs, followed by trees and shrubs. Nevertheless, managed trees have significantly higher overall use values than all other life forms. Managed trees tend to be particularly more appreciated as sources of food and materials, whereas herbaceous plants generally have a higher therapeutic value. Our results support observations made in literature that moderately humanized landscapes, and homegardens and swiddens in particular, are an important source of food and healing for forest people. Although people generally start managing plants in homegardens and swiddens because of their perceived usefulness, they are also favourable locations to experiment with the usefulness of (managed or wild) plants prevailing there. This particularly accounts for medicinal plants and it is argued that the use of managed plants in traditional medicine relates to (1) the high intensity of contact with theses species, and (2) their chemical defence strategy. To conclude, a number of policy recommendations are presented.'

'\xe2\x96\xa0\xe2\x96\xa0\xe2\x96\xa0'

'Until recently, there has been no sense of a Tibetan prehistory. Beginning in the 1970s, however, Chinese archaeologists began to systematically explore the plateau, and began to draw an outline of the deep Tibetan past. The pace of research accelerated rapidly in the 1990s, which brought this outline into sharper focus. This paper reviews what is known of Tibetan prehistory until the seventh century A.D., when the Tibetan empire was established. Topics covered in this paper include a consideration of the antiquity of a human presence upon the plateau, changing adaptive strategies following the end of the glacial epoch, the advent of the Neolithic, and the emergence of social and political complexity. Despite significant advances in our knowledge of the Tibetan past, much work remains to be done before models of process can be examined in any detail.'

'In the African cyprinid, Barbus neumayeri, populations from hypoxic waters have larger gills than populations from well-oxygenated streams. Differences in trophic morphology and feeding performance between these populations suggest a reduction in feeding efficiency in large-gilled fish that may reflect spatial constraints of the gills. However, this variation may also reflect interdemic variation in diets. In this study, we describe patterns of variation in diet, gut morphology, and prey availability for populations of B. neumayeri from swamp (low-oxygen) and stream (high-oxygen) sites in Kibale National Park, Uganda. Our results indicate that B. neumayeri are omnivorous, feeding primarily on benthic prey items; however, diets differed among swamp and stream sites for certain prey types. The observed dietary differences do not provide direct support for predictions based on variation in trophic musculature; hard-bodied prey were more common in low-oxygen sites. Prey availability also differed among sites; in particular, insect abundance and richness was generally lower in the swamp sites. Gut length was longer in one of the four populations, but did not conform to expectations based on diet differences. Condition and growth rates did not differ between populations from hypoxic and well-oxygenated sites, despite observed differences in prey availability and diet, suggesting that B. neumayeri may be distributed in a way that equalizes fitness among populations in different habitats.'

"Four expeditions were made from February 1973 through March 1974 to the Samiria and Pacaya Rivers, which drain the zone between the Lower Ucayali and Huallaga/Mara\xc3\xb1\xc3\xb3n, principal constituents of the Amazon. This area is protected as part of the management program for the fishing ofArapaima gigas; however, there has been chronic hunting pressure from poachers, the government's guardians, and sailors, and, recently and most importantly, the petroleum exploration workers. Strip-censusing is extensively discussed. We employed a combination of three techniques: observations from our boat, observations from canoe or on foot, and intensive work in an area with mapped trails (Maldonado Peninsula, Samiria River). The Middle Samiria and Middle Pacaya were faunally the most rewarding. Relatively abundant wereSaimiri sciureus, Alouatta seniculus, probablyPithecia monachus, andSaguinus (probablyfuscicollis illigeri); somewhat less so wereCebus apella (often associated withSaimiri) andC. albifrons; Lagothrix lagotricha required deeper penetration, andAteles is seriously threatened (A. paniscus was seen andA. belzebuth was reported present). Also reported present wereAotus trivirgatus, Cebuella pygmaea, andCallicebus moloch andC. torquatus, though the latter two species may have been confused. Crude density estimates were developed from the Maldonado Peninsula data."

'This contribution provides an overview of the intricacies of mountain climates, particularly as they pertain to the European Alps. Examples will be given of issues that are related to climatic change as observed in the Alps during the course of the 20th century, and some of the physical mechanisms that may be responsible for those changes. The discussion will then focus on the problems related to assessing climatic change in regions of complex topography, the potential shifts in climate during the 21st century that the alpine region may be subjected to, and the associated climate-generated impacts on mountain environments.'

"The ancient Mesoamerican peoples developed an advanced agriculture based on major crops, now distributed world-wide, i.e. maize, beans, squashes, peppers, etc. However, scarce attention has been paid to other little-known crops, cultivated or gathered from the wild that also served as food and medicine for these Indians. We attempted to reconstruct the prehispanic Mesoamerican horticultural frame through the study of several historical chronicles and three of the most complete pictorial manuscripts on Aztec-Mexica plant knowledge: The Florentine Codex, The Badiano Manuscript, and The History of the Plants of New Spain. Many of the references found to little-known crops related to vegetables whose leaves, stems, shoot tips, etc. were used as greens for salads or cooked as potherbs. A review of these native `minor' leafy crops is presented, including their distribution and uses, the portion of the plant used and the general method of preparation, as reported by chroniclers. The plants are listed by the common Nahuatl names, including their meaning, followed by family and Latin binomial, as identified by modern researchers. Different species of the Aizoaceae, Asteraceae, Chenopodiaceae, Ericaceae, Onagraceae, Oxalidaceae, Polygonaceae, Portulacaceae, Scrophulariaceae, and Urticaceae families have been identified. Current use of these crops is also discussed. Many of them are still found growing wild, as weeds, or only occasionally cultivated. However, some are species of increasing economic interest, having considerable potential for future exploitation."

'There are five wild potato species in Guatemala:Solanum agrimonifolium,S. bulbocastanum,S. clarum,S. demissum, andS. morelliforme. We conducted a collecting expedition there from September 11 to November 5, 1995. The goals of the expedition were to gather field data for taxonomic studies of the five species of Guatemalan wild potatoes and to collect potato germplasm. Our 43 true seed collections nearly quadruple the available wild potato germplasm for Guatemala, provide germplasm from most previously known localities, and add new ones. We provide a systematic treatment of Guatemalan wild potatoes, geographic and logistical data for collecting wild potatoes in Guatemala, statistics on human population growth and deforestation to help explain decline of wild potato populations, recommend areas for future collecting, and suggest two areas as in-situ reserves for wild potatoes'

'With the global population expected to reach over 9 billion by 2050, there is a continuous need to increase food production and buffer stocks. In this scenario, countries around the world, especially developing countries where the pervasiveness of hunger and food scarcity is more acute, are resorting to various counter strategies to meet the growing demand and to avert food insecurity and famine. Over the recent years there has been growing interest to strengthen and intensify local food production in order to mitigate the adverse effect of global food shocks and food price volatilities. Consequently, there is much attention towards home gardens as a strategy to enhance household food security and nutrition. Home gardens are an integral part of local food systems and the agricultural landscape of developing countries all over the world and have endured the test of time.Through a rigorous literature review, this paper first examines definitions and characteristics of home gardens and then provides a global review of their social, economic, and environmental contributions to communities in various socio-economic contexts. Many of the compositions on home gardens share research and experiences of developing countries in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. These studies recognize positive impacts of home gardens towards addressing food insecurity and malnutrition as well as providing additional benefits such as income and livelihood opportunities for resource-poor families and delivering a number of ecosystem services. However, only a handful of case studies were found on post-crisis settings. While providing a general overview of some of these studies, this review investigates the home garden experiences of post-conflict Sri Lanka, where home gardening has been practiced for centuries. While emphasizing multiple benefits, we also highlight constraints to home garden food production. In conclusion, we emphasize the need for more research and empirical data to appraise the role of home gardens in crisis and post-crisis situations, as well as assessing their economic value and their impacts on food security, nutrition, economic growth, and gender issues.'

Abstract not available

'BackgroundUncovering how populations of a species differ genetically and ecologically is important for understanding evolutionary processes. Here we combine population genetic methods (microsatellites) with phylogenetic information (mtDNA) to define genetic population clusters of the wide-spread Neotropical t\xc3\xbangara frog (Physalaemus pustulosus). We measure gene flow and migration within and between population clusters and compare genetic diversity between population clusters. By applying ecological niche modeling we determine whether the two most divergent genetic groups of the t\xc3\xbangara frog (1) inhabit different habitats, and (2) are separated geographically by unsuitable habitat across a gap in the distribution.ResultsMost population structure is captured by dividing all sample localities into two allopatric genetic lineages. The Northern genetic lineage (NW Costa Rica) is genetically homogenous while the Southern lineage (SW Costa Rica and Panama) is sub-divided into three population clusters by both microsatellite and mtDNA analyses. Gene flow is higher within the Northern lineage than within the Southern lineage, perhaps due to increased landscape heterogeneity in the South. Niche modeling reveals differences in suitable habitat between the Northern and Southern lineages: the Northern lineage inhabits dry/pine-oak forests, while the Southern lineage is confined to tropical moist forests. Both lineages seem to have had little movement across the distribution gap, which persisted during the last glacial maximum. The lack of movement was more pronounced for the Southern lineage than for the Northern lineage.ConclusionsThis study confirms the finding of previous studies that t\xc3\xbangara frogs diverged into two allopatric genetic lineages north and south of the gap in the distribution in central Costa Rica several million years ago. The allopatric distribution is attributed to unsuitable habitat and probably other unknown ecological factors present across the distribution gap. Niche conservatism possibly contributes to preventing movements across the gap and gene flow between both groups. Genetic and ecological data indicate that there is the potential for ecological divergence in allopatry between lineages. In this context we discuss whether the Northern and Southern lineages should be recognized as separate species, and we conclude that further studies of pre- and post-zygotic isolation are needed for a final assessment. Identified population clusters should motivate future behavioral and ecological research regarding within-species biodiversity and speciation mechanisms.'

'Defining and operationalizing Article 2 of the UNFCCC remains a challenge. The question of what is dangerous climate change is not a purely scientific one, as danger necessarily has a subjective dimension and its definition requires judgment and precaution. The papers in this special issue of Regional Environmental Change attempt to navigate this problem, by offering an overview of the latest scientific findings in the context of risks and uncertainties, and assess some key vulnerabilities that might lead to dangerous climate change. This synthesis provides an overview of the papers in this issue and looks at four areas of possible dangerous climate change\xe2\x80\x94adverse declines in regional food and water security, loss of arctic sea ice with projected extinction of species, large-scale sea-level rise and loss of coral reef systems. These issues affect a number of different regions including Africa, South Asia, and Small Island Developing States. Significant risks to vulnerable regions and systems at warming levels of 1.5\xe2\x80\x932\xc2\xb0C above pre-industrial are identified. The direct effects of CO2 concentration increases in terms of ocean acidification are identified as relevant to Article 2 because of the risks posed to coral reefs. Ultimate CO2 stabilization levels that allow for the long-term viability of coral reefs likely are below 350\xc2\xa0ppm. The paper concludes by arguing that the emission reduction pledges made by countries under the Copenhagen Accord will not suffice to prevent dangerous climate change.'

'The legality of wood products often depends on their origin, creating a need for forensic tools that verify claims of provenance for wood products. The neotropical tree species Cedrela odorata (Spanish cedar) is economically valuable for its wood and faces threats of overexploitation. We developed a 140 SNP assay for geographic localization of C. odorata specimens. Target capture and short-read sequencing of 46 C. odorata specimens allowed us to identify 140 spatially informative SNPs that differentiate C. odorata specimens by latitude, temperature, and precipitation. We assessed the broad applicability of these SNPs on 356 specimens from eight Cedrela species, three tissue types, and a range of DNA mass inputs. Origin prediction error was evaluated with discrete and continuous spatial assignment methods focusing on C. odorata specimens. Discrete classification with random forests readily differentiated specimens originating in Central America versus South America (5.8% error), while uncertainty increased as specimens were divided into smaller regions. Continuous spatial prediction with SPASIBA showed a median prediction error of 188.7 km. Our results demonstrate that array SNPs and resulting genotypes accurately validate C. odorata geographic origin at the continental scale and show promise for country-level verification, but that finer-scale assignment likely requires denser spatial sampling. Our study underscores the important role of herbaria for developing genomic resources, and joins a growing list of studies that highlight the role of genomic tools for conservation of threatened species.'

'We tested two hypotheses about boundary units and seven about environmental control of species diversity in order to explain geographical trends in the richness of amphibian species in the Mediterranean watershed of the southern coast of the Iberian Peninsula. The number of amphibian species tends to decrease from west to east. The longitudinal trend in the richness of amphibian species actually occurs on passing from one basin to another, but there is not any longitudinal trend within the basins. Multivariate analyses confirmed that the disturbances of episodic river-basin floodings were the principal factor which controls the richness of amphibian species. They explained 94.8% of the observed variations in the richness of amphibian species in this area, according to the intermediate disturbance hypothesis.We propose hydrographic basins as suitable geographical units for further biogeographical analysis and for considering the role of disturbances produced by floods in the environmental control of species diversity.'

'Anastrepha obliqua (Macquart) is an agricultural pest of wide geographic distribution infesting a vast list of host species in America. However, little is known about the past geographic distribution of this species. In this study, we investigated the potential past and current distribution of species in South America. In this sense, the MaxEnt algorithm was used to model the ecological niche of the species in the past (Last Interglcial Maximum; Last Glacial Maximum) and current periods. The results suggested that under the current climatic conditions, A. obliqua showed high environmental suitability to become established in most South American countries, especially in Brazil. The lowest suitability indices were observed in Chile, Argentina, and Uruguay. The past analysis for Last Glacial Maximum revealed that there was no significant change in the distribution potential of the species when compared to the current model; however, in the Last Interglacial Maximum period, there was a large reduction in the areas of suitability for the species when compared to the current and Last Glacial Maximum distribution models. The analysis also revealed vast areas of refuges for the species mainly on the coast of Brazil, as well as Venezuela, Bolivia, Guyana, and Surinam. The results presented here may be useful for future phylogeographical studies in order to test if the refuge areas concentrate greater genetic diversity for this species. In addition, our study provides important information for understanding the current dynamics of A. obliqua, which may be useful for control programs in places where this species can become a pest.'

'We examined the phylogeography of the South American swamp rat Scapteromys tumidus using complete mitochondrial DNA cytochrome b sequences. This species is endemic to the Pampas biome and lives near the coastal plain but also in inland continental areas. The coastal domain of such region experienced a highly dynamic geological history. The inland fraction is part of Precambrian and Mesozoic spills and sedimentary basins, while most of the coastal plain was shaped by transgressive-regressive marine events in the Late Quaternary. As fluctuations in the sea level during this period produced large lateral displacements of the shoreline, originating four barrier-lagoon systems that shaped the present coastline, continental area significantly increased from this time. We hypothesized that the S. tumidus have expanded its range from that period, ramped by its adaptive ability to humid areas. Thus, we examined whether historical Pleistocene events had affected genetic variation of this species along its distributional range. Bayesian phylogenetic analysis and the haplotype network inferred two major genetic clusters along the distribution of S. tumidus. Neutrality tests suggest that populations experienced demographic changes and Bayesian skyline plot evidenced a marked recent demographic expansion pattern, intensified from 350 to 300 kya. Such date coincides with the formation of the lagunar barrier II (dated to ca. 325 kya) and the concurrent initial formation of the coastal plain and increase in continental area.'

'The taxonomic positions ofRetzia, Desfontainia, andNicodemia have been much discussed, and all three genera have been included inLoganiaceae (Gentianales). We have made a cladistic analysis ofrbcL gene sequences to determine the relationships of these taxa toGentianales. Four newrbcL sequences are presented; i.e., ofRetzia, Desfontainia, Diervilla (Caprifoliaceae), andEuthystachys (Stilbaceae). Our results show thatRetzia, Desfontainia, andNicodemia are not closely related toLoganiaceae or theGentianales. Retzia is most closely related toEuthystachys and is better included inStilbaceae. The positions ofDesfontainia andNicodemia are not settled, butDesfontainia shows affinity for theDipsacales s.l. andNicodemia for theLamiales s.l.'

'Amazon forests are fire-sensitive ecosystems and consequently fires affect forest structure and composition. For instance, the legacy of past fire regimes may persist through some species and traits that are found due to past fires. In this study, we tested for relationships between functional traits that are classically presented as the main components of plant ecological strategies and environmental filters related to climate and historical fires among permanent mature forest plots across the range of local and regional environmental gradients that occur in Amazonia. We used percentage surface soil pyrogenic carbon (PyC), a recalcitrant form of carbon that can persist for millennia in soils, as a novel indicator of historical fire in old-growth forests. Five out of the nine functional traits evaluated across all 378 species were correlated with some environmental variables. Although there is more PyC in Amazonian soils than previously reported, the percentage soil PyC indicated no detectable legacy effect of past fires on contemporary functional composition. More species with dry diaspores were found in drier and hotter environments. We also found higher wood density in trees from higher temperature sites. If Amazon forest past burnings were local and without distinguishable attributes of a widespread fire regime, then impacts on biodiversity would have been small and heterogeneous. Alternatively, sufficient time may have passed since the last fire to allow for species replacement. Regardless, as we failed to detect any impact of past fire on present forest functional composition, if our plots are representative then it suggests that mature Amazon forests lack a compositional legacy of past fire.'

'This paper offers a technical and geopolitical reappraisal of a macro-engineering proposal to plumb Earth\xe2\x80\x99s freshwater, siphoning some of it from a region of surplus (Amazon River Basin) to a region of shortage (arid northern Africa) via his positively buoyant (subsurface floating) seabed-anchored Transatlantic Freshwater Aqueduct. Two different routes for the pipeline, of length 4,317 and 3,745\xc2\xa0km, respectively, have been considered. Pipe diameters larger than 60\xc2\xa0m are necessary for \xe2\x80\x9creasonable\xe2\x80\x9d low pumping power (i.e., less than 20\xc2\xa0GW). Using a bundle of smaller size pipes instead of a larger single pipe might overcome technical difficulties but the advantage of simplifying the construction technology might be exceeded by the disadvantage of consuming more power in operation. To keep the number of pumping stations reasonably small (i.e. fewer than 20) a single pipe of diameter higher than 30\xc2\xa0m (or bundles of smaller diameter pipes) is required. The Atlantic Ocean currents may be used to provide the necessary power for pumps. The available power possibly provided by the North Brazil Current ranges between 2 and 9 GW. The North Equatorial Current may provide less than 0.3 GW power while the North Equatorial Counter Current provides the largest power availability, ranging between 2 and about 100 GW. A rough cost estimate of the project is about 20,600 GUSD and 18,400 GUSD, respectively, for two pipeline routes.'

Abstract not available

'With the implementation of a new legal framework for more responsible forest management in Peru, private small-medium forest enterprises (SMFEs) have become the most important social actors engaged in commercial forestry in the Peruvian Amazon. Despite the role of SMFEs in contributing to employment and local economic growth, there is little information with respect to their economic performance and capacities. This is a hindrance to efforts aimed at better characterizing this important sector and its influence on the development and conservation of tropical forests. For this study, 29 private SMFEs were surveyed to inventory their capital assets in order to evaluate their capacities to carry out timber management. Results indicate that SMFEs vary greatly in terms of their produced and natural capital assets, and consequently in their forest management capabilities as well. While most SMFEs lack adequate capacity for sustainable forest management, those that had more valuable timber resources and physical infrastructure attained forest certification. SMFE capacities depend greatly on external mechanisms to ensure consistent technical and financial assistance.'

Abstract not available

"This paper presents evidence that cultivars of manioc (Manihot esculenta) have been selected for combinations of characters that allow them to be perceptually distinguished. This mode of selection is proposed to explain why cultivars are so variable in perceptually salient taxonomic characters unrelated to the use or survival of the plant. This paper reanalyzes published material on manioc and related species and presents new evidence from the inventory of manioc cultivars maintained by the Aguaruna J\xc3\xadvaro of northern Peru. Rogers and Fleming\xe2\x80\x99s (1973) sample of manioc cultivars exhibits 3 characteristics implied by the model of selection for perceptual distinctiveness: high, continuous, and independent variation of nonadaptive taxonomic characters. The inventory of Aguaruna cultivars exhibits 2 additional characteristics predicted by the model: taxonomic characters of this local inventory vary as independently and nearly as greatly as those of the species as a whole. Anthropological evidence is presented to demonstrate that Aguaruna interact with the plants as predicted by the model: Aguaruna identify cultivars using many of the same characters as Rogers and Fleming and they confuse cultivars they regard as similar in stem color, petiole color, and leaf shape. The evidence suggests that procedures used by cultivators to identify cultivars leave their imprint on the plants; crops show the effect of the cultivator's eye as well as hand."

'This paper lays the groundwork for a theory of time allocation across the life course, based on the idea that strength and skill vary as a function of age, and that return rates for different activities vary as a function of the combination of strength and skills involved in performing those tasks. We apply the model to traditional human subsistence patterns. The model predicts that young children engage most heavily in low-strength/low-skill activities, middle-aged adults in high-strength/high-skill activities, and older adults in low-strength/high-skill activities. Tests among Machiguenga and Piro forager-horticulturalists of southeastern Peru show that males and females focus on low-strength/low-skill tasks early in life (domestic tasks and several forms of fishing), switch to higher-strength/higher-skill activities in their twenties and thirties (hunting, fishing, and gardening for males; fishing and gardening for females), and shift focus to high-skill activities late in life (manufacture/repair, food processing).'

Abstract not available

'Using the data on complete sequences of cytochrome b gene, phylogenetic relationships were studied among the Stenocephalemys s. lat. (Stenocephalemys spp. + Praomys albipes) murine rodents, inhabiting adjacent altitudinal belts of the isolated Ethiopian mountain massifs, and among the related Praomys s. lat. species. Extremely low resolution of the relationships among the main Praomys s. lat. lineages hampered identification of the nearest sister group for the Stenocephalemys s. lat. \xe2\x80\x9cEthiopian\xe2\x80\x9d clade, monophyly of which was strongly supported. Sister relationships between P. albipes and S. griseicauda (implying \xe2\x80\x9caccelerated\xe2\x80\x9d morphological and chromosomal evolution upon the formation of the former species), as well as between S. albocaudata and the recently described novel chromosomal form of Stenocephalemus sp. A (2n = 50; NFa = 56) were demonstrated. Definite discordance between the rates of their molecular, chromosomal, and morphological evolution was revealed. Based on phylogenetic reconstructions and the estimates of the divergence time, obtained by use of molecular clock method, an attempt to draw an evolutionary scenario for the group examined was made. The obtained data were compared to those for Sigmodontinae species complexes, distributed across a marked altitudinal gradient on the Andean slopes. It was shown that molecular genetic data on the rodents from mountain tropics did not support the gradient model of diversification, based on the possibility of diversification of the forms up to their achievement of the species rank (without interruption of the gene flow between them) due to differently directed selection across a strong environmental gradient.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'BackgroundTiti monkeys, Callicebus, comprise the most species-rich primate genus\xe2\x80\x9434 species are currently recognised, five of them described since 2005. The lack of molecular data for titi monkeys has meant that little is known of their phylogenetic relationships and divergence times. To clarify their evolutionary history, we assembled a large molecular dataset by sequencing 20 nuclear and two mitochondrial loci for 15 species, including representatives from all recognised species groups. Phylogenetic relationships were inferred using concatenated maximum likelihood and Bayesian analyses, allowing us to evaluate the current taxonomic hypothesis for the genus.ResultsOur results show four distinct Callicebus clades, for the most part concordant with the currently recognised morphological species-groups\xe2\x80\x94the torquatus group, the personatus group, the donacophilus group, and the moloch group. The cupreus and moloch groups are not monophyletic, and all species of the formerly recognized cupreus group are reassigned to the moloch group. Two of the major divergence events are dated to the Miocene. The torquatus group, the oldest radiation, diverged c. 11\xc2\xa0Ma; and the Atlantic forest personatus group split from the ancestor of all donacophilus and moloch species at 9\xe2\x80\x938\xc2\xa0Ma. There is little molecular evidence for the separation of Callicebus caligatus and C. dubius, and we suggest that C. dubius should be considered a junior synonym of a polymorphic C. caligatus.ConclusionsConsidering molecular, morphological and biogeographic evidence, we propose a new genus level taxonomy for titi monkeys: Cheracebus n. gen. in the Orinoco, Negro and upper Amazon basins (torquatus group), Callicebus Thomas, 1903, in the Atlantic Forest (personatus group), and Plecturocebus n. gen. in the Amazon basin and Chaco region (donacophilus and moloch groups).'

Abstract not available

'The study assesses the ecological impact caused by the El Salvador untreated (1975\xe2\x80\x931990) and treated (1991\xe2\x80\x931994) copper mine tailings on rocky intertidal communities in and around the dumping site at Caleta Palito, northern Chile. Ecological changes are monitored for 16 years in polluted and unpolluted sites within a geographical area of 90 km. Copper concentration levels in water and the intertidal Chlorophyta E. compressa are presented. The results confirm a notorious reduction in the number of species and significant differences between polluted and unpolluted intertidal communities. At polluted sites, following the initiation of the disposal, all species of invertebrates and algae disappeared and primary space (rock) was partially or completely dominated by E. compressa along more than a decade. Its persistence in these sites supports the view that this taxon is a sentinel species resisting high levels of copper pollution. During the past four years, following the steps given to treat the tailings, at polluted sites there are preliminary indications showing increases in the number of species of algae and invertebrate. The need for future monitoring to elucidate ecosystem restoration processes is discussed.'

'A decade of Maya glyphic decipherment creates many opportunities for historical, linguistic, cultural, and archaeological interpretation. New evidence points to improvements in understanding decipherment as a discipline and social practice, the origins of Maya script, the use and meaning of glyphs in ancient society, and the language and sociolinguistic implications of Maya texts. The glyphs reveal information about Maya kingship and its relation to supernatural forces along with cues to a synthesis of history during the Classic period (A.D. 250\xe2\x80\x93850). A test case from Piedras Negras, Guatemala, relates such discoveries to the ongoing excavation of a Classic city with abundant inscriptions.'

'Increasing population and high cost of fuels have created opportunities for using alternate energies for post-harvest processing of foods. Solar food processing is an emerging technology that provides good quality foods at low or no additional fuel costs. A number of solar dryers, collectors and concentrators are currently being used for various steps in food processing and value addition. Society for Energy, Environment and Development (SEED) developed Solar Cabinet Dryer with forced circulation which has been used for dehydration and development of value added products from locally grown fruits, vegetables, leafy greens and forest produce. Drying under simulated shade conditions using UV-reducing Blue filter helps retain nutrients better. Its simple design and ease of handling makes SEED Solar Dryer an ideal choice for application of food processing in rural settings, closer to where the harvest is produced, eliminating the need for expensive transportation or storage of fresh produce. It also creates employment opportunities among the rural population, especially women. Other gadgets based on solar collectors and concentrators currently being used at various steps of food processing are reviewed.'

"The distinction between the context ofdiscovery and the context of justificationrestricts philosophy of science to the rationalreconstruction of theories, and characterizesscientific discovery as rare, theoreticalupheavals that defy rational reconstruction. Kuhnian challenges to the two contextsdistinction show that non-rational elementspersist in the justification of theories, butgo no further to provide a positive account ofdiscovery. A gradualist theory of discoverydeveloped in this paper shows, with supportfrom ecological cases, that discoveries areroutinely made in ecology by extending modelsto new domains, or by making additions toearlier models. The logic of discovery isphilosophically accessible once it isappreciated that model truth is presumed, evenif counterfactually, in ecologists' applicationof models. A gradualist view shows thatmodels' heuristic power routinely leads todiscoveries."

'Many fish species contain morphologically, ecologically and geneticallydistinct populations that are sympatric during at least some portion oftheir life cycle. Such reproductively isolated populations act asdistinct biological species, but are identified by a common Latinbinomial. These \xe2\x80\x98species pairs\xe2\x80\x99 are particularly common in freshwaterfish families such as Salmonidae, Gasterosteidae and Osmeridae and aretypically associated with postglacial lakes in north temperateenvironments. The nature of the divergences between sympatric species,factors contributing to reproductive isolation, and modes of evolutionare reviewed with particular emphasis on benthic and limnetic pairs ofthreespine sticklebacks, Gasterosteus aculeatus, and anadromous(sockeye salmon) and nonanadromous (kokanee) pairs of Oncorhynchusnerka. Phylogenetic analyses typically indicate that divergencesbetween members of replicate pairs have occurred independently and,hence, particular phenotypes are not monophyletic. Consequently,taxonomic resolution of such \xe2\x80\x98species complexes\xe2\x80\x99 is a vexing problem foradherents to our traditional Linnaean classification system. Sympatricspecies pairs represent a significant component of the biodiversity oftemperate freshwater ecosystems which may be underestimated because oursystem of formal taxonomy tends to obscure diversity encompassed byspecies pairs. Conservation of such systems should be recognized as apriority without formal taxonomic designation of members of speciespairs because taxonomic resolution will likely continue to proveextremely difficult when employing traditional hierarchies andprocedures.'

'The decomposition of plant litter is a key process in the flows of energy and nutrients in ecosystems. However, the response of litter decomposition to global climate warming in plateau wetlands remains largely unknown. In this study, we conducted a one-year litter decomposition experiment along an elevation gradient from 1891 m to 3260 m on the Yunnan Plateau of Southwest China, using different litter types to determine the influences of climate change, litter quality and microenvironment on the decomposition rate. The results showed that the average decomposition rate (K) increased from 0.608 to 1.152, and the temperature sensitivity of litter mass losses was approximately 4.98%/\xc2\xb0C along the declining elevation gradient. Based on a correlation analysis, N concentrations and C:N ratios in the litter were the best predictors of the decomposition rate, with significantly positive and negative correlations, respectively. Additionally, the cumulative effects of decomposition were clearly observed in the mixtures of Scirpus tabernaemontani and Zizania caduciflora. Moreover, the litter decomposition rate in the water was higher than that in the sediment, especially in high-elevation areas where the microenvironment was significantly affected by temperature. These results suggest that future climate warming will have significant impacts on plateau wetlands, which have important functions in biogeochemical cycling in cold highland ecosystems.'

'Plant taxonomic and phylogenetic composition of assemblages are known to shift along environmental gradients, but whether the rate of species turnover is regular or not (e.g., accelerations in particular sections of the gradient) remains poorly documented. Understanding how rates of assemblage turnover vary along gradients is crucial to forecast where climate change could promote the fastest changes within extant communities. Here we analysed turnover rates of plant assemblages along a 2500\xc2\xa0m elevation gradient in the Swiss Western Alps. We found a peak of turnover rate between 1800 and 2200\xc2\xa0m indicating an acceleration of grassland compositional changes at the transition between subalpine and alpine belts. In parallel, we found a peak in phylogenetic turnover rate in Poales between 1700\xc2\xa0m and 1900 and Super-Rosids between 1900 and 2300\xc2\xa0m. Our results suggest that changes in abiotic or biotic conditions near the human-modified treeline constitute a strong barrier for many grassland plant species, which share analogous elevation range limits. We propose that this vegetation zone of high ecological transitions over short geographical distances should show the fastest community responses to climate change from the breakdown of barrier across ecotones.'

'Arboreal spiny rats of the genus Phyllomys are the most diverse group of echimyid rodents in the Atlantic Forest. Many species of Phyllomys have small geographic ranges and are rare in scientific collections. One of them is Phyllomys kerri known from only three specimens collected in a single locality almost 80 year s ago. The identity and the taxonomic validity of this enigmatic species has been questioned in recent decades. Field surveys at different sites along the southeastern portion of the Atlantic Forest in Brazil recovered specimens of Phyllomys that we hypothesized to be P. kerri based on external similarities to the type specimen and proximity to its type locality. Here we obtained DNA sequences from these recently collected specimens and historic DNA from a topotype of P. kerri collected in 1941. Our results supported the status of P. kerri as a valid species and showed it is phylogenetically positioned among the southern clade of Phyllomys species. We therefore provide an emended diagnosis of P. kerri, comparing it with sympatric congeners, and provide comments on its evolutionary affinities, geographic distribution, and conservation status.'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'The genus Dyckia (Bromeliaceae) comprises more than 150 terrestrial or epilithic species with a strongly xeromorphic habit. Most of its members belong to the azonal rock vegetation of Neotropical savannas and forests of Brazil and adjacent countries. Dyckia is relatively species-rich compared with its closest relatives Encholirium (27 species) and Deuterocohnia (17 species). Here, we present the first molecular phylogenetic analysis of Dyckia using DNA sequence data from six plastid loci (matK gene, rps16 intron, petD intron, rpl32-trnL, rps16-trnK and trnD-trnT) and a portion of the nuclear gene phyC. A total of 124 accessions were included, corresponding to 79 taxa from six genera. Phylogenetic trees were generated using parsimony, likelihood and Bayesian methods. DNA sequence variation among Dyckia species turned out to be extremely low, and phylogenies were poorly resolved. The monophyly of Dyckia is supported, whereas evidence is provided that Encholirium is paraphyletic. Based on a dated plastid DNA tree, Dyckia experienced a recent radiation starting around 2.9\xc2\xa0million years ago. Four major clades could be identified that roughly correspond to the geographic origin of the samples. A parsimony network based on plastid DNA haplotypes shows a star-like pattern, indicating recent range expansions. Our data are compatible with a scenario where Dyckia and Encholirium diverged in northeastern Brazil, whereas one lineage of Dyckia dispersed to southern Brazil from where a rapid colonization of suitable habitats was initiated. We discuss our results in relation to species delimitation in Dyckia.'

'The review gives a general outline of macro and microalgal biotechnology. The main methods by which algae are cultivated and harvested are described. The first section deals with the environmental factors affecting mass culture and the principles governing the design and operation of mass cultivation systems. The second section gives the main current and potential uses of algae: in wastewater treatment, a source of food and feed, an energy source, and in the production of common and fine chemicals, such as polysaccharides, lipids, glycerol, pigments, and enzymes. Pharmaceutical uses of algae are described, and their potential as a source of novel biologically-active compounds is discussed. Future developments and the great potential of algae are considered.'

'In this paper, climatic and environmental changes were reconstructed since 1129A.D. based on the Malan ice core from Hol Xil, the northern Tibetan Plateau. The record of \xce\xb4\n18O in the Malan ice core indicated that the warm-season air temperature variations displayed a general increase trend, the 20th-century warming was within the range of natural climate variability, and the warmest century was the 17th century while the warmest decade was the 1610s, over the entire study period. The \xe2\x80\x9cMedieval Warm Epoch\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cLittle Ice Age\xe2\x80\x9d were also reflected by the ice core record. The dust ratio in the Malan ice core is a good proxy for dust event frequency. The 870-year record of the dust ratio showed that dust events occurred much frequently in the 19th century. Comparing the variations of \xce\xb4\n18O and the dust ratio, it is found that there was a strong negative correlation between them on the time scales of 101\xe2\x80\x93102 years. By analyses of all the climatic records of ice cores and tree rings from the northern Tibetan Plateau, it was revealed that dust events were more frequent in the cold and dry periods than in the warm and wet periods.'

'Peru is considered a hotspot with maybe the highest diversity of domesticated chili peppers. Capsicum pubescens is the least explored domesticated chili pepper, especially with regard to its chemical composition. Thirty-two different C. pubescens (Rocoto) accessions, out of the national Peruvian Capsicum germplasm collection at the Instituto Nacional de Innovaci\xc3\xb3n Agraria, were selected for investigating the phytochemical content and its variability. After drying and milling, the fruits were analyzed for the three major capsaicinoids (capsaicin, dihydrocapsaicin and nordihydrocapsaicin), flavonoid aglycons (quercetin, kaempferol, luteolin, apigenin), total polyphenol content, antioxidant capacity, tocopherol (\xce\xb1-, \xce\xb2- and \xce\xb3-) content, fat content, ascorbic acid content, surface color and extractable color. The concentrations for selected traits ranged as follows: total capsaicinoids from 55 to 410\xc2\xa0mg/100\xc2\xa0g (corresponding to ca. 8400\xe2\x80\x9360,000 SHU), total polyphenols from 1.8 to 2.5\xc2\xa0g gallic acid equivalents/100\xc2\xa0g, antioxidant capacity from 2.4 to 4.6\xc2\xa0mmol Trolox/100\xc2\xa0g and tocopherols from 6.8 to 18.4\xc2\xa0mg/100\xc2\xa0g. Only very few of the accessions contained detectable amounts of the major chili flavonoid quercetin. The results indicate that C. pubescens is generally less diverse and exhibits a lower content of almost all analyzed traits when compared to 147 Peruvian chili pepper accessions belonging to the other four domesticated species.'

'Chilis in Latin American cooking, pimento in stuffed olives, paprika, cayenne pepper, bland bull-nosed peppers stuffed with meat, and the very pungent African chilies are all varieties of Capsicum peppers.'

'Cladistic and phenetic analyses of leaf and other morphological characters ofGunnera strongly support monophyly of the genus, with the Saxifragaceae s.str. as the closest sister group. This morphologically based phylogeny provides a more coherent understanding of the evolutionary history ofGunnera than do recent phylogenetic hypotheses based on genetic data sets with Myrothamnaceae as the sister group. Simple, crenate, palinactinodromously veined leaves lacking freely ending veinlets and tricolpate, tectate-perforate pollen with a reticulate exine indicate a shared ancestry. Within the genusGunnera all six traditionally recognized subgenera are monophyletic, as supported by leaf architectural apomorphies. The monotypic subgenusOstenigunnera is the sister group to the other five subgenera, which can be divided into two principal lineages. One lineage includes the subgeneraMilligania andMisandra, characterized by a prostate stoloniferous habit with small, low-rank leaves and exclusively unisexual flowers, whereas the other lineage includes the subgeneraPerpensum, Pseudo Gunnera, andPanke, all of which possess at least some hermaphroditic flowers and larger, high-rank leaves. When the phylogeny of the subgenera is considered in light of biogeography and the fossil record, a number of cladogenetic events can be explained by continental vicariance in the Late Cretaceous. The AfricanPerpensum became distinct from the other large-leafed lineage with the separation of the African continent ca. 90 Ma. The two small-leafed lineages, the subgeneraMilligania andMisandra, split with the separation of New Zealand from Western Gondwana, about 80 Ma.Pseudo-Gunnera became isolated fromPanke prior to this time, whenPanke fossils occur in North America.Gunnera probably arose out of an early herbaceous radiation of tricolpate eudicots having close affinity to the basal Saxifragaceae, espethe genusChrysosplenium.'

'On Earth, the Archaean aeon lasted from 4.0 to 2.5\xc2\xa0Ga; it corresponds to a relatively stable period. Compared with today, internal Earth heat production was several times greater resulting in high geothermal flux that induced the genesis of rocks such as komatiites and TTG suites, which are no more generated on Earth since 2.5\xc2\xa0Ga. Similarly, the details of plate tectonic modalities (plate size, plate motion rate, plate thickness, tectonic style, irregular crustal growth, etc...) were different of modern plate tectonics. Both atmosphere and ocean compositions have been progressively modified and the greater heat production favoured the development of hydrothermalism and therefore created niches potentially favourable for the development of some forms of life. Catastrophic events such as giant meteorite falls or world-sized glaciations drastically and suddenly changed the environment of Earth surface, thus being able to strongly affect development of life. Even if specialists still debate about the age of the oldest indubitable fossil trace of life, Archaean can be considered as having been extremely favourable for life development and diversification.'

'This brief essay, which represents the third editorial of the series "Recollections, Reflections, and Revelations: Ethnobiologists and their First Time in the Field", captures a few memories of the author\'s first fieldwork in the Venezuelan rainforest. It is a collage of objects, subjects, feelings, spaces, and events that pendulate in spheres of meaning straddling between the author\'s identities as both a student and a woman. The author\'s evocations of fifteen years ago are diluted in lasting reflections about what could be ethnoecology embraced by spaces of interactions and associations between organisms and their surroundings.'

'Amphibian populations are declining worldwide and this is causing growing concern. High levels of population declines followed by the expansion of red lists are creating demands for effective strategies to maximize conservation efforts for amphibians. Ideally, integrated and comprehensive strategies should be based on complementary information of population and species extinction risk. Here we evaluate the congruence between amphibian extinction risk assessments at the population level (Declining Amphibian Database\xe2\x80\x93\xe2\x80\x93DAPTF) and at species level (GAA\xe2\x80\x93\xe2\x80\x93IUCN Red List). We used the Declining Amphibian Database\xe2\x80\x93\xe2\x80\x93DAPTF that covers 967 time-series records of amphibian population declines assigned into four levels of declines. We assigned each of its corresponding species into GAA\xe2\x80\x93\xe2\x80\x93IUCN red list status, discriminated each species developmental mode, and obtained their geographic range size as well. Extinction risk assessments at the population and species level do not fully coincide across geographic realms or countries. In Paleartic, Neartic and Indo-Malayan realms less than 25% of species with reported population declines are formally classified as threatened. In contrast, more than 60% of all species with reported population declines that occur in Australasia and the Neotropics are indeed threatened according to the GAA\xe2\x80\x93\xe2\x80\x93IUCN Red List. Species with aquatic development presented proportionally higher extinction risks at both population and species level than those with terrestrial development, being this pattern more prominent at Australasia, Paleartic, and Neartic realms. Central American countries, Venezuela, Mexico and Australia presented the highest congruence between both population and species risk. We address that amphibian conservation strategies could be improved by using complementary information on time-series population trends and species threat. Whenever feasible, conservation assessments should also include life-history traits in order to improve its effectiveness.'

'The Neotropical otter, Lontra longicaudis, is considered near threatened by the IUCN, and with declining populations, it is still one of the lesser known species of otter in the world. Like other otter species, L. longicaudis is associated with water courses in a large variety of habitats and biomes across its area of distribution. Here, we present a review of the available literature on L. longicaudis aiming to update information on its distribution, ecology and systematics. We performed online searches using combinations of the words L. longicaudis, river otter, Neotropical otter, nutria and lobito del r\xc3\xado, limiting our search to 1972\xe2\x80\x932016. Recent information on evolutionary history and biogeographic patterns, distribution patterns, as well as on the ecology of the species across a large part of its distribution range, including trophic ecology and intraspecific communication, was retrieved. We found severe gaps in knowledge including aspects of life history, ground validation of new potential distribution areas and long-term population monitoring aiming at designing more efficient conservation measures and techniques. In this context, we conclude by presenting perspectives for future studies.'

'BackgroundChagas disease is a major public health problem in Latin America. Its etiologic agent, Trypanosoma cruzi, is mainly transmitted through the contaminated faeces of blood-sucking insects called triatomines. Triatoma infestans is the main vector in various countries in South America and recently, several foci of wild populations of this species have been described in Bolivia and other countries. These wild populations are suspected of affecting the success of insecticide control campaigns being carried out in South America. To assess the risk that these T. infestans populations pose to human health, it is helpful to determine blood meal sources.MethodsIn the present work, blood meals were identified in various Bolivian wild T. infestans populations and in three specific areas, in both wild and intra-peridomestic populations to assess the links between wild and domestic cycles of T. cruzi transmission. PCR-HDA and sequencing of Cytb gene were used to identify these blood meal sources.Results and discussionFourteen vertebrate species were identified as wild blood meal sources. Of those, the most prevalent species were two Andean endemic rodents, Octodontomys gliroides (36\xc2\xa0%) and Galea musteloides (30\xc2\xa0%), while humans were the third most prevalent source (18.7\xc2\xa0%). Of 163 blood meals from peridomestic areas, more than half were chickens, and the others were generally domestic animals or humans. Interestingly, blood from wild animals was identified in triatomines captured in the peridomestic and domestic environment, and blood from domestic animals was found in triatomines captured in the wild, revealing links between wild and domestic cycles of T. cruzi transmission.ConclusionThe current study suggests that wild T. infestans attack humans in the wild, but is also able to bite humans in domestic settings before going back to its natural environment. These results support the risk to human health posed by wild populations of T. infestans.'

'The global trend toward increased agricultural production puts pressure on undeveloped areas, raising the question of how to optimally allocate land. Land-use change has recently been linked to a number of human health outcomes, but these are not routinely considered in land-use decision making. We review examples of planners\xe2\x80\x99 currently used strategies to evaluate land use and present a conceptual model of optimal land use that incorporates health outcomes. We then present a framework for evaluating the health outcomes of land-use scenarios that can be used by decision makers in an integrated approach to land-use planning.\n'

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

Abstract not available

'\n\n\n1.\nThe bottle gourd,Lagenaria siceraria, and the five cultivated species ofCucurbita are the cucurbits commonly found in archeological sites.\n\n\n2.\nThe archeological history of the bottle gourd indicates that it was one of the first plants to be domesticated in the Americas. In many sites, it is found in pre-ceramic, pie-maize strata. In the Old World,La-genaria was never so widely distributed nor used as in the Americas, probably because of the early invention of pottery in Asia.\n\n\n3.\nThe center of distribution of the genusCucurbita is apparently in the region directly south of Mexico City. In this general area, there are several wild species that are compatible with the cultivated species.\n\n\n4.\nThe cultivated species ofCucurbita, in general, are characterized by an allopatric distribution. The archeological record suggests that each species was domestitcated at different times and almost certainly in different areas.\n\n\n5.\nThe cultural history of the cucurbits indicates a very strong tendency towards conservative crop husbandry among pre Columbian and post-Columbian peoples in that they tended to grow essentially the same cultivars over long periods of time.\n\n\n'

Abstract not available

'Distyly has been interpreted as a mechanism that promotes cross-pollination among conspecific plants and as one of the routes leading to the evolution of dioecy. In one of the possible evolutionary pathways, pollinators may disrupt intermorph pollen flow, and, as a consequence, floral morphs may gradually specialize as either male or female (functional dioecy). Natural patterns of pollen deposition and fruit and seed production were estimated in Palicourea demissa (Rubiaceae) and used as parameters to assess functional gender differences between floral morphs. Pollen flow was asymmetrical in P. demissa. Long-styled flowers were more effective than short-styled flowers in pollen deposition towards compatible stigmas, whereas short-styled flowers were more effective in legitimate pollen receipt. Accordingly, short-styled plants produced more fruits and viable seeds than long-styled plants. The contributions of male and female function to the potential functional gender were equivalent in both morphs. However, the realized functional gender deviated significantly from the potential functional gender in both morphs, in which short-styled plants were more successful through their female function, but long-styled plants through their male function. If pollinators disrupt the complementarities of pollen transfer between the two morphs (asymmetric pollen flow), the expression of a more profitable gender is expected in each morph. Thus, our results support the hypothesis that dioecy may evolve in distylous populations through the gradual specialization of each morph as either male or female.'

Abstract not available

'A molecular phylogeny of New World emballonurid bats based on parsimony and Bayesian analyses of loci from the three different nuclear genetic transmission pathways in mammals (autosomal, X, and Y chromosomes) is well supported and independently corroborated by each individual gene tree. This is in contrast to a single most parsimonious but poorly supported tree based on morphological data, which has only one intergeneric or higher relationship shared with the molecular phylogeny. Combining the morphological and molecular data partitions results in a tree similar to the molecular tree suggesting a high degree of homoplasy and low phylogenetic signal in the morphological data set. Behavioral data are largely incomplete and likewise produce a poorly resolved tree. Nonetheless, patterns of evolution in morphology and behavior can be investigated by using the molecular tree as a phylogenetic framework. Character optimization of the appearance of dorsal fur and preferred roosting sites maps consistently and are correlated on the phylogeny. This suggests an association of camouflage for bats with unusual appearance (two dorsal stripes in Rhynchonycteris and Saccopteryx, or pale fur in Cyttarops and Diclidurus) and roosting in exposed sites (tree trunks or under palm leaves). In contrast, the ancestral states for Old and New World emballonurids are typically uniform brown or black, and they usually roost in sheltered roosts such as caves and tree hollows. Emballonuridae is the only family of bats that has a sac-like structure in the wing propatagium, which is found in four New World genera. Mapping the wing sac character states onto the phylogeny indicates that wing sacs evolved independently within each genus and that there may be a phylogenetic predisposition for this structure. Ear orientation maps relatively consistently on the molecular phylogeny and is correlated to echolocation call parameters and foraging behavior, suggesting a phylogenetic basis for these character systems.'

'The essay discusses whether biotic and abiotic environments differ in their ability to speed up or slow down morphological change and the generation of new lineages. Examples from the class Branchiopoda show that morphological conservatism is associated with enemy free space in species-poor habitats dominated by abiotic factors, while Red Queen mechanisms are predominant in larger systems with complex biotic interactions. Splitting of Branchiopod main lineages is associated with increased fish predation during the Devonian. The order Cladocera adapted and remained in larger aquatic systems, and subsequently generated a variety of new families, genera and species. The order Anostraca, on the other hand, maintained its ancestral morphology and survived only as \xe2\x80\x9cliving fossils\xe2\x80\x9d in isolated ponds of harsh habitats. Despite their archaic morphology, however, they possess highly sophisticated adaptations to local physicochemical properties of their extreme environment. Hence, although morphologically conservative and possessing traits typical for \xe2\x80\x9cliving fossils\xe2\x80\x9d, anostracan physiological abilities are closely adapted to the challenging and variable physicochemical conditions of ponds and ephemeral pools.'

'Meteorological and climatic processes in mountain regions play a key role in many environmental systems, in particular the quantity and quality of water that influences both aquatic ecosystems and economic systems often far beyond the boundaries of the mountains themselves. This paper will provide a general overview of some of the particular characteristics of mountain weather and climate, to highlight some of the unique atmospheric features that are associated with regions of complex topography. The second part of the paper will focus upon characteristics of climate and climatic change in the European Alps, a region with a wealth of high quality data that allows an assessment on how climate and dependent environmental systems have evolved in the course of the 20th century and how alpine climate may undergo further changes to \xe2\x80\x9cglobal warming\xe2\x80\x9d in the 21st century, as the atmosphere responds to increasing levels of greenhouse gases that are expected in coming decades.'

'For Argentina, and particularly Buenos Aires, no economic relations were more intense in the 19th century than those it maintained with Great Britain. Its whole industrial, trade, and financial structure depended on Britain, despite the fact that Argentina was not a colony, nor was there a British military force or a centralized institutional system to defend investments. The origins of this relationship can be traced to the events of the late 18th century, when consumer goods from Great Britain achieved absolute supremacy in Buenos Aires due to certain peculiarities in the city\xe2\x80\x99s history.'

'This article, based on a paper presented at a RAS Presidium meeting, considers modern ideas on the origin and the main milestones in the evolution of higher plants. The history of their rise, water and air migrations, and participation in pedogenic processes is reconstructed proceeding from the structure of transport communications that were formed in the course of algal-mycobacterial symbiogenesis as buffer zones of exchange between the participants. Proceeding from further transformations of transport networks, regularities of the climatic adaptogenesis of higher plant forms in the Cenozoic are discussed.'

'\nDuring Paleogene the Neotropical region was mainly covered by rainforests and ancient Amazon (AM) and Atlantic Forest (AF) were continuous and interconnected. The Andean uplift and drastic climate changes along the Eocene/Miocene resulted in the formation of a drier area separating AM from AF. However, multiple evidences have indicated recurrent connections between Neotropical rainforests during Quaternary. In this study we predict biogeographical connections between Neotropical Forests during the last glacial maximum (LGM\xe2\x80\x9421\xc2\xa0ka) and establish the climatic conditions that favored such connections. We tested if the general climatic conditions suitable to both Amazon (AM) and AF were uniform across current Cerrado and Caatinga areas or did subsets of these climatic spaces have independent spatial displacements connecting specific regions of AM and AF. For these, 50 occurrence points equidistant in the climatic space were sampled along the western and eastern AM and northern and southern AF and used to built ecological niche models (ENM) for each region. Potential distributions were predicted for the current and the LGM climatic scenarios using an ensemble approach. The ENMs detected the disjunct distribution of the two Neotropical rainforests in the present and showed three main connections during LGM: (1) climate suitable to western AM were detected along the northern coast of Brazil, overlapping the putative distribution of northern AF; (2) climates suitable to southern AF, northern AF and western AM were detected along the area now occupied by southern limits of the Caatinga and (3) the climate suitable to southern AF was found at the south limits of the eastern AM. Our findings suggest that subsets of both AM and AF may be considered distinct biogeographical units as implied by different responses to climate changes.'

'Climatic gradients impose clinal selection on animal ecological and physiological performance, often promoting geographic body size clines. Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule predicts that body size increases with decreasing environmental temperatures given the need to retain body-heat through adjustments of body-mass-to-surface-area ratio. This prediction generally holds for endotherms, but remains controversial for ectotherms. An alternative interpretation, the \xe2\x80\x98resource rule\xe2\x80\x99, suggests that food abundance, primary productivity and precipitation (which, unlike temperature, do not necessarily correlate with geography), drive body size clines. We investigate geographic variation in body size within 65 species of lizards and snakes (squamates) based on an intercontinental dataset (6,500+ specimens belonging to 56 Israeli species, and multiple populations of nine Liolaemus species from Argentina and Chile). Bergmann\xe2\x80\x99s rule is only rarely supported by our data (in four species, 6\xc2\xa0%), whereas six species (9\xc2\xa0%) follow its converse (hence, it is unsupported in 94\xc2\xa0% of cases). Similarly, size increases with resource abundance in only 12 species (18\xc2\xa0%). Therefore, although neither of the rules is supported, factors suggested by the resource rule are better predictors of body size than temperature. Surprisingly, we show that some measures of the extent of a species\xe2\x80\x99 climatic envelope do not affect the likelihood of it showing a size-climate relationship. We conclude that negative size-temperature associations are an exception rather than a generality among squamates.'

'Behaviors displayed during birth events, including prenatal, parturition, and postpartum periods, can give insight into caretaking roles in species in which the offspring is cared for by individuals other than the mother. Titi monkeys, genus Callicebus, exhibit a pair-bonded social system along with intense male care of offspring. Here, I report the first case of a birth seen in the wild in a group of Callicebus\xc2\xa0oenanthe, a little-known species in northern Peru, and describe infant care and development during the first few months after birth. Detailed behavior during the birth sequence as well as ad libitum data postpartum were recorded on nursing and infant care behaviors, including infant carrying, infant grooming, anogenital cleaning, protection, playing, and food sharing. In the 3\xc2\xa0h preceding and during parturition, the male remained in contact with or in close proximity to the female (<1\xc2\xa0m). The male licked and examined the newborn 3\xc2\xa0min after parturition, carried the infant within 24\xc2\xa0h after birth, was the main carrier of the infant, and was the predominant manual groomer of the infant during the first 4\xc2\xa0months after birth. I argue that the male plays an integral role during the birth in order to establish his bond with the infant as well as reinforce infant care duties to the female and in predator vigilance. In light of various explanations for the exhibition of intense paternal care, I suggest that the male titi monkey provides infant care to release the female of these duties in order that she may spend more time foraging, thus potentially increasing the pair\xe2\x80\x99s overall reproductive output.'

'We report a new vertebrate assemblage from the Pliocene Vergel Member of the San Gregorio Formation in northwestern Venezuela, which includes Crocodylia and Testudines indet., toxodonts, at least four species of xenarthrans of the Dasypodidae, Pampatheriidae, Glyptodontidae and Megatheriidae, and rodents. The last are Cardiatherium, cf. Caviodon (Hydrochoeridae), Neoepiblema (Neoepiblemidae), and what is here described as a new genus of a low-crowned octodontoid. cf. Caviodon is the first cardiomyine for northern South America. The rodent assemblage resembles in its ecological composition those of the late Miocene (Huayquerian) from the \xe2\x80\x9cMesopotamian\xe2\x80\x9d of Argentina and the Acre region in Brazil, with partially overlapping systematic composition. The stratigraphic position of the San Gregorio Formation and mammals other than caviomorphs suggest a late Pliocene age for these sediments, implying the endurance of rodent taxa beyond their biochron in southern South America.'

Abstract not available

'Lesions compatible with spirocercosis were found in the esophagus and aorta of an Andean fox from Cuzco, Peru. The esophageal and aortic lesions were 5.5 and 1.5\xc2\xa0cm in diameter, respectively. A total of 12 adult nematodes (6 males and 6 females) were collected from the esophageal lesion, and all were identified as Spirocerca lupi by morphological and molecular methods. Molecular characterization was performed by analyzing two sources of the cox1 gene, and the sequences were compared with previous S. lupi sequences from other work deposited in GenBank. Analysis of the partial cox1 gene from S. lupi (n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x893) showed 2 haplotypes and had 95\xe2\x80\x9399% nucleotide similarity to previously described sequences. Also, molecular analysis showed that S. lupi is a very diverse group, due to the genetic variability of the partial sequences of the cox1 gene of Spirocerca. This study is the first to report finding of spirocercosis in the Andean fox.'

'The European Water Framework Directive offers an unprecedented opportunity for improvement of ecological quality of both freshwater and marine systems. It has implications for every aspect of how catchments are used by human societies and could potentially mean a step change in how waters and catchments are managed. It must be implemented, however, by official bodies, which seem likely to apply ecologically outdated approaches, used in the past simply to manage water quality, to tackle the very different problem of improving ecological quality. Ecological quality can be characterised by parsimony of available nutrients, characteristic physical and biological structure, strong connectivity among systems and mechanisms of resilience to cope with normal, natural change. The implications of these are that high quality systems in a given location do not have unique lists of species and single formulae for how the biodiversity is constituted. They have considerable inherent variability whilst preserving their fundamental functional characteristics. This appears not to have been recognised by official bodies that seek simple taxonomic indices as measures of quality. To some extent this is a function of the way the Directive has been written, but a slavish adherence to this approach may undermine the spirit of the Directive and result in a failure to bring about the fundamental reform that is needed.'

'Several studies across species have linked leaf functional traits with shade tolerance. Because evolution by natural selection occurs within populations, in order to explain those interspecific patterns it is crucial to examine variation of traits associated with shade tolerance and plant fitness at an intraspecific scale. In a southern temperate rainforest, two climbing plant species coexist but differ in shade tolerance. Whereas Luzuriaga radicans is most abundant in the shaded understory, L. polyphylla typically occurs in intermediate light environments. We carried out an intraspecific approach to test the hypothesis of differential selection patterns in relation to shade tolerance in these congeneric species. The probability of showing reproductive structures increased with specific leaf area (SLA) in L. polyphylla, and decreased with dark respiration in L. radicans. When reproductive output of fertile individuals was the fitness variable, we detected positive directional selection on SLA in L. polyphylla, and negative directional selection on dark respiration and positive directional selection on leaf size in L. radicans. Total light radiation differed between the microsites where the Luzuriaga species were sampled in the old-growth forest understory. Accordingly, L. radicans had a lower minimum light requirement and showed fertile individuals in darker microsites. L. radicans showed lower dark respiration, higher chlorophyll content, and greater leaf size and SLA than L. polyphylla. Results suggest that in more shade-tolerant species, established in the darker microsites, selection would favor functional traits minimizing carbon losses, while in less shade-tolerant species, plants displaying leaf traits enhancing light capture would be selected.'

'We compared and contrasted calorimetrically heat production in seedlings incubated at 5\xc2\xb0C and 24\xc2\xb0C using genotypes from cold and warm Israeli populations of the wild progenitors of barley (Hordeum spontaneum) and wheat (Triticum dicoccoides). The wild barley sample comprised 14 accessions, 7 from cold localities and 7 from warm localities. The wild emmer wheat sample consisted of 12 accessions, 6 from a cold locality, and 6 from a warm locality. Our results indicated that (1) heat production was significantly higher in the two wild cereals at 5 \xc2\xb0C than at 24 \xc2\xb0C; (2) interspecifically, wild barley generates significantly more heat than wild wheat at both 5 \xc2\xb0C and 24 \xc2\xb0C; (3) intraspecifically, wild barley from warm environments generates significantly more heat than wild barley from cold ones, at 24 \xc2\xb0C. We hypothesize that both the inter- and intraspecific differences in heat production evolved adaptively by natural selection in accordance with the niche-width genetic variation hypothesis. These differences presumably enhance biochemical processes, hence growth, thereby leading to the shorter annual cycle of barley compared to that of wheat, and may explain the wider range of the wild and cultivated gene pools of barley, as compared with those of wheat. We propose that a shortening of the growth period through utilizing heat production gene(s) is feasible by classical methods of breeding and/or modern biotechnology.'

'ContextDisentangling the relative effects of forest loss versus fragmentation on species distribution and abundance is crucial for adopting efficient biodiversity conservation actions, which could change with the nature of the landscape matrix.ObjectivesWe tested the moderating effect of landscape matrix on insectivorous bats response to forest loss and fragmentation.MethodsWe conducted acoustic surveys at forest patches surrounded by either an agricultural-dominated matrix or a pine-dominated matrix. We related bat activity to forest amount and the number of forest patches at multiple spatial scales, and compared their effects between landscape matrices.ResultsBat activity was associated with both predictors, however their effects varied with the matrix type. In agricultural landscapes, as the amount of forest increased, the activity of Histiotus montanus, Lasiurus cinereus and Tadarida brasiliensis increased, while activity of Myotis chiloensis decreased. Similarly, as fragmentation increased, the activity of Lasiurus varius and M. chiloensis increased, while activity of H. montanus decreased. In production-forest landscapes, only H. montanus decreased its activity with increasing forest amount. In contrast, activity of L. cinereus, M. chiloensis and T. brasiliensis increased with increasing fragmentation. Forest amount was a stronger predictor for agricultural landscapes than for production-forest landscapes, suggesting that low contrast matrices can mitigate the effects of forest loss.ConclusionsFragmented landscapes with native forest patches surrounded by a low contrast matrix may support a higher activity of insectivorous bats. Management efforts in fragmented landscapes should aim to decrease the patch-matrix contrast, which will mitigate the effects of forest loss on bats.'

Abstract not available

'Differences in rates of nucleotide or amino acid substitutions among major groups of organisms are repeatedly found and well documented. A growing body of evidence suggests a link between the rate of neutral molecular change within populations and the evolution of species diversity. More than 98% of terrestrial fungi belong to the phyla Ascomycota or Basidiomycota. The former is considerably richer in number of species than the latter. We obtained DNA sequences of 21 protein-coding genes from the lichenized fungus Rhizoplaca chrysoleuca and used them together with sequences from GenBank for subsequent analyses. Three datasets were used to test rate discrepancies between Ascomycota and Basidiomycota and that within Ascomycota: (i) 13 taxa including 105 protein-coding genes, (ii) nine taxa including 21 protein-coding genes, and (iii) nuclear LSU rDNA of 299 fungal species. Based on analyses of the 105 protein-coding genes and nuclear LSU rDNA datasets, we found that the evolutionary rate was higher in Ascomycota than in Basidiomycota. The differences in substitution rates between Ascomycota and Basidiomycota were significant. Within Ascomycota, the species-rich Sordariomycetes has the fastest evolutionary rate, while Leotiomycetes has the slowest. Our results indicate that the main contribution to the higher substitution rates in Ascomycota does not come from mutualism, ecological conditions, sterility, metabolic rate or shorter generation time, but is possibly caused by the founder effect. This is another example of the correlation between species number and evolutionary rates, which is consistent with the hypothesis that the founder effect is responsible for accelerated substitution rates in diverse clades.'

Abstract not available

'Extreme climatic events, such as flooding and drought, can abruptly modify the amplitude of the river level of a river, promoting new environmental conditions and impacting aquatic communities. Furthermore, an increasing frequency of extreme droughts in dammed rivers is expected because dams homogenize the flood pulse and decrease the river level. In this study, we evaluated the effects of extreme river-level oscillations on the benthic macroinvertebrate communities in a floodplain river. We analysed 47\xc2\xa0years of river-level data and 17\xc2\xa0years of benthic macroinvertebrate data. Our findings indicated that (1) extreme river-level oscillations promoted environmental conditions that were distinct from the regular oscillation; moreover, environmental characteristics were more heterogeneous in extreme oscillations than regular oscillations; (2) extreme oscillations were associated with a decreased richness, density, and diversity of benthic macroinvertebrates, promoting the dominance of tolerant taxa. Furthermore, in the studied river, a large hydroelectric power plant was built 19\xc2\xa0years ago, which (3) decreased the river-level downstream, accentuating the occurrence of extreme drought, which has become more common after damming. We emphasize the importance of long-term biological monitoring considering the more frequent occurrence of extreme river-level oscillations in response to factors such as dam building and climate change.'

'The 82 genera recognized for Bignoniaceae are organized in eight major tribes, Jacarandeae, Tourrettieae, Tecomeae, Coleeae, Crescentiae, Oroxyleae, Catalpeae and Bignonieae. In addition, a monophyletic group, Crescentiina, including the Tabebuia alliance and the Paleotropical clade is recognized. The Tabebuia alliance, endemic to the Neotropics, includes c. 14 genera of trees and shrubs and is comprised of c. 147 species mainly of the genera Tabebuia and Handroanthus. We measured the nuclear DNA contents of 19 Bignoniaceae species to address genome size and chromosome number evolution of the Tabebuia alliance. Nuclear DNA content was estimated using flow cytometry and chromosome counts were performed using propidium iodide-stained metaphase cells. We also obtained data for three different Bignoniaceae species from the Royal Botanical Garden, Kew Plant DNA C-values database. We obtained the phylogenetic tree of analysed species from published data and used independent phylogenetic contrast to correlate chromosome number and 1C DNA content. An almost threefold range of variation in nuclear DNA content was observed among the 22 Bignoniaceae species that could only partially be explained by the occurrence of polyploidy. We found no significant correlation between chromosome number and DNA content among the analysed species. Our results suggest that both increases and decreases of genome size occurred in the evolution of the analysed Bignoniaceae Juss. species, with a large variation among Tabebuia alliance species.'

'The impact of climate warming on the seasonal variability of the Humboldt Current system ocean dynamics is investigated. The IPSL-CM4 large scale ocean circulation resulting from two contrasted climate scenarios, the so-called Preindustrial and quadrupling CO2, are downscaled using an eddy-resolving regional ocean circulation model. The intense surface heating by the atmosphere in the quadrupling CO2 scenario leads to a strong increase of the surface density stratification, a thinner coastal jet, an enhanced Peru\xe2\x80\x93Chile undercurrent, and an intensification of nearshore turbulence. Upwelling rates respond quasi-linearly to the change in wind stress associated with anthropogenic forcing, and show a moderate decrease in summer off Peru and a strong increase off Chile. Results from sensitivity experiments show that a 50% wind stress increase does not compensate for the surface warming resulting from heat flux forcing and that the associated mesoscale turbulence increase is a robust feature.'

'\xe2\x80\x9cLandscape modulators\xe2\x80\x9d are ecosystem engineers that have an impact on community structure by creating patches in the landscape mosaic. Our aim was to study the effect of evergreen-trees, as landscape modulators, on herbaceous plants in a Mediterranean maquis system in northern Israel. We examined the effects of canopy removal and cattle grazing on species richness, plant functional types, and rare plant species in two patch-types: (1) woody\xe2\x80\x94under tree canopy (or the location of a removed canopy); (2) herbaceous\xe2\x80\x94in open areas with no tree canopy. Patch-type and tree removal affected species richness and plant functional types. The extreme negative effect of the woody patch-type on species richness disappeared soon after the removal of the landscape modulator canopy. We conclude that the dominant effect of the evergreen woody landscape modulators can be regulated by canopy removal and grazing for maintaining patch-type and landscape diversities, and consequent high species richness in Mediterranean ecosystems, which is a main goal of global nature conservation policy.'

'The indelible imprint of humanity is credited for the major degradation of natural systems worldwide. Nowhere are the transforming qualities of mankind more apparent than in the native temperate grassland regions of the world. Formerly occupying some 9 million km2, or 8% of the planet\xe2\x80\x99s terrestrial surface, native temperate grasslands have been reduced to vestiges of their former glory. Only 4.6% are conserved globally within protected areas\xe2\x80\x94a testament to being the least protected and the most extensively transformed of the world\xe2\x80\x99s terrestrial biomes. The aim of this paper is to continue promoting the conservation value of native temperate grasslands, and reiterate the need for further protection and sustainable management before further losses and inadequate protection undermine ecological integrity any further. A new strategic direction is presented for the next decade, underpinned by ten key focus areas. The most realistic opportunities to improve protection lie in central, eastern and western Asia where landscape-scale tracts of native temperate grassland remain in reasonable condition. Such a course necessitates a strong reliance on integrating sustainable use and conservation by promoting concepts such as Indigenous and Community Conserved Areas as legitimate and recognized forms of protected areas. Here the conservation value of working rangeland landscapes utilised by nomadic pastoralists comes to the fore. The naive and short-sighted approach to viewing native temperate grasslands merely as a palette for transformation and intensive utilisation should be weighed more objectively against an understanding of the myriad benefits they provide.'

'Antibiotic resistance of pathogenic microorganisms is considered to be an important and urgent public health problem. Rapid and large-scale development of antibiotic resistance at a global level actually means a return to the pre-antibiotic age. The soil resistome conception includes all genetic components of antibiotic resistance that are present in a given natural microbial community. Soil (as a natural habitat) is a reservoir of resistant microorganisms and contains corresponding genetic information about antibiotic resistance.'

'Park managers in alpine areas must deal with the increase in forest coverage that has been observed in most European mountain areas, where traditional farming and agricultural practices have been abandoned. The aim of this study is to develop a fine-scale model of a broad area to support the managers of Paneveggio Nature Park (Italy) in conservation planning by focusing on the fate of priority areas for conservation in the next 50\xe2\x80\x93100\xc2\xa0years. GIS analyses were performed to assess the afforestation dynamic over time using two historical maps (from 1859 and 1936) and a series of aerial photographs and ortho-photos (taken from 1954 to 2006) covering a time span of 150\xc2\xa0years. The results show an increase in the forest surface area of about 35%. Additionally, the forest became progressively more compact and less fragmented, with a consequent loss of ecotones and open habitats that are important for biodiversity. Markov chain-cellular automata models were used to project future changes, evaluating the effects on a habitat scale. Simulations show that some habitats defined as priority by the EU Habitat Directive will be compromised by the forest expansion by 2050 and suffer a consistent loss by 2100. This protocol, applied to other areas, can be used for designing long-term management measures with a focus on habitats where conservation status is at risk.'

'BackgroundAmino acid-derived aldoximes and nitriles play important roles in plant defence. They are well-known as precursors for constitutive defence compounds such as cyanogenic glucosides and glucosinolates, but are also released as volatiles after insect feeding. Cytochrome P450 monooxygenases (CYP) of the CYP79 family catalyze the formation of aldoximes from the corresponding amino acids. However, the majority of CYP79s characterized so far are involved in cyanogenic glucoside or glucosinolate biosynthesis and only a few have been reported to be responsible for nitrogenous volatile production.ResultsIn this study we analysed and compared the jasmonic acid-induced volatile blends of two Erythroxylum species, the cultivated South American crop species E. coca and the African wild species E. fischeri. Both species produced different nitrogenous compounds including aliphatic aldoximes and an aromatic nitrile. Four isolated CYP79 genes (two from each species) were heterologously expressed in yeast and biochemically characterized. CYP79D62 from E. coca and CYP79D61 and CYP79D60 from E. fischeri showed broad substrate specificity in vitro and converted L-phenylalanine, L-isoleucine, L-leucine, L-tryptophan, and L-tyrosine into the respective aldoximes. In contrast, recombinant CYP79D63 from E. coca exclusively accepted L-tryptophan as substrate. Quantitative real-time PCR revealed that CYP79D60, CYP79D61, and CYP79D62 were significantly upregulated in jasmonic acid-treated Erythroxylum leaves.ConclusionsThe kinetic parameters of the enzymes expressed in vitro coupled with the expression patterns of the corresponding genes and the accumulation and emission of (E/Z)-phenylacetaldoxime, (E/Z)-indole-3-acetaldoxime, (E/Z)-3-methylbutyraldoxime, and (E/Z)-2-methylbutyraldoxime in jasmonic acid-treated leaves suggest that CYP79D60, CYP79D61, and CYP79D62 accept L-phenylalanine, L-leucine, L-isoleucine, and L-tryptophan as substrates in vivo and contribute to the production of volatile and semi-volatile nitrogenous defence compounds in E. coca and E. fischeri.'

'It has been suggested that traditional ecological knowledge (TEK) may play a key role in forest conservation. However, empirical studies assessing to what extent TEK is associated with forest conservation compared with other variables are rare. Furthermore, to our knowledge, the spatial overlap of TEK and forest conservation has not been evaluated at fine scales. In this paper, we address both issues through a case study with Tsimane\xe2\x80\x99 Amerindians in the Bolivian Amazon. We sampled 624 households across 59 villages to estimate TEK and used remote sensing data to assess forest conservation. We ran statistical and spatial analyses to evaluate whether TEK was associated and spatially overlapped with forest conservation at the village level. We find that Tsimane\xe2\x80\x99 TEK is significantly and positively associated with forest conservation although acculturation variables bear stronger and negative associations with forest conservation. We also find a very significant spatial overlap between levels of Tsimane\xe2\x80\x99 TEK and forest conservation. We discuss the potential reasons underpinning our results, which provide insights that may be useful for informing policies in the realms of development, conservation, and climate. We posit that the protection of indigenous cultural systems is vital and urgent to create more effective policies in such realms.'

'BackgroundControl initiatives and continuous surveillance of vector-borne transmission have proved to be effective measures for diminishing the incidence of Chagas disease in endemic countries. However, the active dispersal of infected sylvatic adult triatomines by flight represents one of the main obstacles to eliminating domestic transmission.MethodsIn order to determine the risk that active dispersal of sylvatic adult triatomines represents in Colombian northeastern plains, we quantified the distribution and abundance of triatomines in palm trees (primarily Attalea butyracea) using live bait traps. Directional light traps were used to estimate the frequency of sylvatic triatomine dispersal and their possible origin. Finally, the effect of environmental parameters and artificial light sources on the take-off of sylvatic Rhodnius prolixus was evaluated in field experiments.Results\nR. prolixus was found in 90\xc2\xa0% of the palm trees that densely aggregated toward the northern portion of the study area. R. prolixus, and three other sylvatic triatomine species were found to actively disperse and were attracted to the directional light traps (Triatoma maculata, Panstrongylus geniculatus and Psammolestes arthuri). Temperature, relative humidity, wind speed and night luminosity did not affect the active dispersal of the triatomines which is higher the first two hours after sunset. Artificial lights from houses at 60 and 110\xc2\xa0m played a key role in the directionality of the R. prolixus take-offs. Trypanosoma cruzi was isolated from R. prolixus, T. maculata and P. geniculatus and was genotyped as T. cruzi I, III and IV.ConclusionsOur results highlight the potential risk in Colombian northeastern plains of actively dispersing sylvatic triatomines and their role in the domestic introduction of Discrete Typing Units of T. cruzi associated to sylvatic foci of Chagas disease transmission.'

'Forest litter as a component of the carbon cycle in pine\xe2\x80\x93broadleaved forests of different ages was characterized. Field studies of the forest site of the Primorskaya State Agricultural Academy in the south of the Sikhote Alin Range continued for three years. Multiple sampling of forest litter and plant litter fall and measurements of the CO2 emission from the litter and underlying soil horizons were performed on test plots. The maximum litter pool (14.44 \xc2\xb1 0.86 t/ha) was found in the mature stand of Pinus koraiensis; the minimum litter pool (11.52 \xc2\xb1 0.65 t/ha), in the 80-year-old stand. The carbon stock in the litters amounted to 3.7% of the phytomass carbon. The rate of carbon turnover in the forest litters was relatively low in comparison with that in other regions: the ratio of carbon pools in the litter horizons and annual plant falloff reached 3.5. The winter season provided about 10\xe2\x80\x9325% of the annual plant litter fall. The data obtained in this study describe a part of the carbon cycle and contribute to our understanding of the ecosystem function of climate regulation by valuable forest massifs in the south of the Far East of Russia. In this region, the decomposition of forest litters generates the CO2 flux amounting up to 16% of the total CO2 emission from the soil.'

'BackgroundUnderstanding altitudinal patterns of biological diversity and their underlying mechanisms is critically important for biodiversity conservation in mountainous regions. The contribution of area to plant diversity patterns is widely acknowledged and may mask the effects of other determinant factors. In this context, it is important to examine altitudinal patterns of corrected taxon richness by eliminating the area effect. Here we adopt two methods to correct observed taxon richness: a power-law relationship between richness and area, hereafter \xe2\x80\x9cmethod 1\xe2\x80\x9d; and richness counted in equal-area altitudinal bands, hereafter \xe2\x80\x9cmethod 2\xe2\x80\x9d. We compare these two methods on the Jade Dragon Snow Mountain, which is the nearest large-scale altitudinal gradient to the Equator in the Northern Hemisphere.ResultsWe find that seed plant species richness, genus richness, family richness, and species richness of trees, shrubs, herbs and Groups I\xe2\x80\x93III (species with elevational range size <150, between 150 and 500, and >500\xc2\xa0m, respectively) display distinct hump-shaped patterns along the equal-elevation altitudinal gradient. The corrected taxon richness based on method 2 (TRcor2) also shows hump-shaped patterns for all plant groups, while the one based on method 1 (TRcor1) does not. As for the abiotic factors influencing the patterns, mean annual temperature, mean annual precipitation, and mid-domain effect explain a larger part of the variation in TRcor2 than in TRcor1.ConclusionsIn conclusion, for biodiversity patterns on the Jade Dragon Snow Mountain, method 2 preserves the significant influences of abiotic factors to the greatest degree while eliminating the area effect. Our results thus reveal that although the classical method 1 has earned more attention and approval in previous research, method 2 can perform better under certain circumstances. We not only confirm the essential contribution of method 1 in community ecology, but also highlight the significant role of method 2 in eliminating the area effect, and call for more application of method 2 in further macroecological studies.'

'In this study, forest cover change and urbanization in the borders of Regional Directorate of Trabzon Forestry (RDTF), which is located in NE of Turkey, was investigated during a 25\xc2\xa0year period. Spatial and temporal changes in forest cover were also analyzed using Geographical Information System (GIS) and FRAGSTATS\xe2\x84\xa2. Forest cover changes were detected from a time series of satellite images of Landsat MSS in 1975, Landsat TM in 1987, and Landsat ETM+ in 2000 using Remote Sensing (RS) and GIS. The results showed a decrease in forest area, productive forest area and degraded forest area. Total forest area decreased in the first period (1975\xe2\x80\x931987), however increased during the second (1987\xe2\x80\x932000) period. 36 807 hectares (7% of the study area) mixed forest area converted to conifer forest. During the whole study period, the average annual deforestation rate was 977\xc2\xa0ha year\xe2\x88\x921, equivalent to 0.42%\xc2\xa0year\xe2\x88\x921 using the compound-interest-rate formula. Total number of forest fragments decreased from 135,039 to 132,839 (1.6%) during a 25\xc2\xa0year period. On the other hand, total population lived in the borders of Trabzon City increased from 1975 to 2000 even though the rural population decreased. According to the results, the decrease of forest areas may well be explained by increasing population and urbanization. The decrease of number of patches and degraded forest area can be disclosed by the fact that the decline of rural population has positively affected the development of forest areas.'

'The role of palms in the everyday life of the Guahibo is evident. They depend on this important family for much of their fiber, shelter, food and for other needs. The change in Guahibo life style over the past centuries has resulted in modifications of the local flora, and frequently in a reduction in the number of certain over-utilized palm species. It is vital that an attempt be made to halt the decline in the\xe2\x80\x9cvalue\xe2\x80\x9d of the forest. Studies must determine the species of most worth and a diligent effort be made to repopulate the gallery forests of this area with the kind of plants that once made the forest and its abundant palm flora both an \xe2\x80\x9cearthly paradise\xe2\x80\x9d and\xe2\x80\x9cuniversal larder\xe2\x80\x9d for the Guahibo.'

'The large volume of studies conducted makes it possible to assert that the recent geological history of the earth is characterized by rapid vertical crustal movements, which resulted in the formation of vast elevated areas and deep depressions. The existing geological concepts do not explain accurately the nature of these processes. The author of this paper uses basic science to explain them, as well as to forecast future tectonic movements and to develop a way of prospecting for mineral deposits.'

'Foraging behavior may show considerable variation among population classes\xe2\x80\x94such as sex and breeding class\xe2\x80\x94that can be consequence of the groups\xe2\x80\x99 specific constraints and roles. In raptors, differential parental roles related to foraging have been the main explanation for males being smaller than females, as smaller males have been described to be more efficient foragers. During one phase of breeding, only males forage, requiring them to feed themselves, females and young. This is expected to induce changes in foraging behavior of breeders compared to non-breeders. By comparing prey taken by floaters and breeders of Harpy Eagles (Harpia harpyja), we describe some effects of breeding and sex on the diet. Here we show that diet traits differed between male and female floaters, and between floaters and breeders. Juvenile prey was three times more common in the diet of males than that of females. Sloths were more common prey among females than among males (53 vs. 37%). Males preyed four times more on terrestrial animals than did females, and showed a greater niche width than females (6.0 vs. 3.4). The prey of breeders was smaller than that of non-breeders (on average 3.64 vs. 4.24\xc2\xa0kg). Non-breeders had a larger niche width than breeders. Our data provide support for the hypothesis of parental role differentiation as an explanation for reversed sexual size dimorphism in raptors.'

'Morphological variation was studied in 124 accessions from 61 Passiflora L. species. Twenty-four quantitative descriptors selected for their high variation among subgenera were submitted to a principal component analysis. The first principal component (32% of total variance) was associated with flower length and secondarily with floral cup constriction, the second (27%) with flower width and bract shape, and the third (14%) with peduncle branching, stem width, and leaf length, which relates it to the differentiation of subgenera Astrophea and Deidamioides. The projection of accessions in the resulting tridimensional space consistently separates the four subgenera, as well as supersection Tacsonia of subgenus Passiflora. A neighbor joining analysis, on a selection of 32 qualitative traits and four categorized quantitative variables, clustered species according to their chromosome number and, within subgenus Passiflora, separated supersections Tacsonia (pollinated by the sword-billed hummingbird) and Distephana (pollinated by shorter-billed hummingbirds) from all other, bee-pollinated, species. Thus, the morphological study allows separating the effects of genome evolution from those of more recent and independent coevolutions concerning the pollination syndromes of supersections Tacsonia and Distephana. Within subgenus Decaloba, diverging subclusters are consistent with supersections and particular sections, with the partial exception of supersection Decaloba. Within supersection Tacsonia, subclusters correspond to one or two sections, pointing to overclassification in the current taxonomy. Among the bee-pollinated species of subgenus Passiflora, only supersection Laurifolia is clearly validated. Most of these results are consistent with molecular phylogenetic studies, except for interspecific relations among bee-pollinated species of subgenus Passiflora, which appear particularly difficult to classify.'

'A questionnaire survey of 408 households explored the role of socio-economic and cultural factors in rice (Oryza sativa L.) varietal diversity management on-farm in two contrasting eco-sites in Nepal. Multiple regression outputs suggest that number of parcels of land, livestock number, number of rice ecosystems, agro-ecology (altitude), and use of chemical fertilizer have a significant positive influence on landrace diversity on-farm, while membership in farmers\xe2\x80\x99 groups linked to extension services has significant but negative influence on landrace diversity. Factors with significant positive influence on diversity of modern varieties on-farm were number of parcels of land and of rice ecosystems, access to irrigation, membership in farmers\xe2\x80\x99 groups, and use of insecticide. Within communities, resource-endowed households maintain significantly higher varietal diversity on-farm than resource-poor households and play a significant role in conserving landraces that are vulnerable to genetic erosion and those with socio-cultural and market-preferred traits. Resource-poor households also contribute to local diversity conservation but at lower richness and area coverage levels than resource-endowed households. Households where a female had assumed the role of head of household due to death or migrant work of her husband had less diversity due to lower labor availability. Landraces with socio-cultural and market-preferred traits are few in number but have potential to be conserved on-farm.'

'Alle bisher erh\xc3\xa4ltlichen Ergebnisse unterst\xc3\xa4tzen die Schlu\xce\xb2folgerung, da\xce\xb2 Chloroplastpr\xc3\xa4parate von gro\xce\xb2zelligen und z\xc3\xb6nozytischen Algen generell robuster und f\xc3\xa4higer sind die Kapazit\xc3\xa4t zur Photosynthese f\xc3\xbcr l\xc3\xa4n-gere Zeiten beizubehalten als \xc3\xa4hnliche Isolate von bl\xc3\xbchenden Pflanzen. Dar\xc3\xbcberhinaus unterscheiden sich die Photosyntheseprodukte von denen der Chloroplasten h\xc3\xb6herer Pflanzen, sowohl in den Bestandteilen, die sich innerhalb des Plastids ansammeln, als auch denen, die ins suspendierende Medium austreten. Elektronenmikroskopische Untersuchungen haben gezeigt, da\xce\xb2 die meisten Chloroplasten in diesen Pr\xc3\xa4paraten nicht frei im Medium suspendiert sind, sondern von ihm durch eine membrangebundene Struktur getrennt sind, die Zytoplasma, Vakuolenbestandteile und andere Organellen innerhalb des Raumes zwischen Chloroplast und \xc3\xa4u\xce\xb2erer Membran enthalten kann. Die Bezeichnung Zytoplast wurde f\xc3\xbcr diese Strukturen benutzt um sie klar von Chloroplastsuspensionen zu unterscheiden, in denen die Chloroplasth\xc3\xbclle die Barriere zwischen Organelle und suspendierendem Medium darstellt. In gewissem Sinne sind Zytoplasten Artefakte, da sie w\xc3\xa4hrend der Isolation subzellul\xc3\xa4rer Organellen geformt werden. Dennoch ist die F\xc3\xa4higkeit stabile Strukturen dieser Art zu bilden wahrscheinlich ein Kennzeichen aller gro\xce\xb2zelligen Algen und Z\xc3\xb6nozyten und ein Teil des Mechanismuses, der sich entwickelt hat um Thallusverletzungen zu \xc3\xbcberleben.Die Zytoplaststruktur selbst und im besonderen die Durchl\xc3\xa4ssigkeit und Stabilit\xc3\xa4t der Zytoplastmembran scheint eher als die Menge des kontaminierenden Materials, das sie umschlie\xce\xb2t, der Schl\xc3\xbcssel zu den Unterschieden in der Stabilit\xc3\xa4t und metabolischen Kapazit\xc3\xa4t zu sein, die durch die Chloroplasten innerhalb des Zytoplasten zum Ausdruck kommt. Die F\xc3\xa4higkeit einer Behandlung mit Detergentien zu widerstehen, ist keine generelle Eigenschaft dieser Organellenisolate, doch scheint sie auf solche von Mitgliedern der Caulerpaceae und Udotaceae beschr\xc3\xa4nkt zu sein, die selbst wirksame Detergentien in vivo aufweisen.Die F\xc3\xa4higkeit osmotischem Schock zu widerstehen, ist, obwohl gut, nachgewiesen in subzellul\xc3\xa4ren Isolaten, keine generelle. Obwohl genenw\xc3\xa4rtig noch keine vollst\xc3\xa4ndig zufriedenstellende Erkl\xc3\xa4rung f\xc3\xbcr diese Eigenschaft gefunden wurde, ist die Anwesenheit gelbildender Polysaccharide, die die Organellen w\xc3\xa4hrend ihrer Isolation umh\xc3\xbcllen und als k\xc3\xbcnstliche Zellwand agieren, eine M\xc3\xb6glichkeit. Da diese gelbildenden Polysaccharide nicht auf z\xc3\xb6nozytische und Riesenzellalgen beschr\xc3\xa4nkt sind, ist zu erwarten, da\xce\xb2 ihre Anwesenheit Probleme bei der Untersuchung der Organellen vieler Algen bereiten k\xc3\xb6nnte.Die Schwierigkeit in der Interpretation von Ergebnissen, die mit subzellul\xc3\xa4ren Isolaten dieser Algen erzielt wurden, sind zum Teil dadurch entstanden, da\xce\xb2 sich verschiedene Autoren auf lichtmikroskopische Beobachtungen und die Anwendung von Markerenzymen verlie\xce\xb2en. Aus den Daten, die in dieser \xc3\x9cbersicht pr\xc3\xa4sentiert werden, wird klar, da\xce\xb2 weder Lichtmikroskopie, Enzymmarker, Ferrizyanidpermeabilit\xc3\xa4t noch Elektronenmikroskopie allein ausreichen, die Reinheit oder wahre Natur subzellul\xc3\xa4rer Isolate von Algen abzusch\xc3\xa4tzen. Wenn es einen Fortschritt in der Biochemie und Physiologie dieser Organellen geben soll, und gegenw\xc3\xa4rtig sind sie immer noch ein weitgehend unerforschtes Gebiet, dann mu\xce\xb2 gute Elektronenmikroskopie der Isolate jede biochemische und physiologische Untersuchung begleiten. Ultrastrukturelle Beobachtungen von Organellen in der intakten Pflanze sind ebenfalls extrem wichtig. Es wird zugestanden, da\xce\xb2 solche elektronenmikroskopischen Aufnahmen nicht immer einfach zu erhalten sind, doch ohne diesen kombinierten Ansatz besteht wenig Hoflhung auf Fortschritt.'

"Johnstone's Whistling Frog, Eleutherodactylus johnstonei, is a highly successful colonizer that has become widely distributed throughout the Caribbean region. It has been introduced both purposefully and unintentionally by humans, and it continues to expand its range locally and regionally. Its current distribution and recent expansion do not support the hypothesis that E. johnstonei is expanding into new habitats exclusively by outcompeting native species. Instead, its range expansion progresses mainly parallel to human expansion (habitat disturbance through land development) and extreme climatic events (habitat disturbance through hurricanes and volcanism). Once a habitat has been disturbed and E. johnstonei has arrived, any previously existing endemic Eleutherodactylus species tend not to be found again at their previous ranges or population densities. The most probable explanation for this is that the broader physiological tolerance of the ecological generalist E. johnstonei allows it to become permanently established in a disturbed biota, whereas ecologically specialized endemics are prevented from recolonizing such habitats. Invasion of E. johnstonei can result in a parapatric distribution with endemics (e.g. E. euphronides, E. shrevei) or in sympatry (e.g. E. martinicensis), and habitats include areas with widely divergent climatic conditions (e.g. xeric: Anguilla, Barbuda; mesic: Grenada, St Vincent). Management for this species includes prevention of further or repeat introductions, close monitoring of ranges, and preservation of native habitats to ensure survival of local endemics."

'Wetland dynamics in northern Brazil during the Holocene were studied by pollen analysis and AMS radiocarbon dating of three cores. Near the Amazon mouth region, covered mainly by primary Amazon coastal forest and herbaceous vegetation, the pollen record indicates the dominance of mangroves between 4800 and 1100\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p. A contraction of the mangrove area and an expansion of herbaceous and fern vegetation occurred between 1100 and 750\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p. The period between 750 and 200\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p. is characterized by an expansion of mangrove and a decrease in herbaceous and fern vegetation. This trend continued until the present. On Atalaia Island, the sediment core indicates a period with poor pollen preservation between 830 and 630\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p. Between 630 and 330\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p., mangroves expanded. Later, up to 45\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p., the mangrove area decreased and the herbaceous vegetation expanded. During the last hundred years, the relative sea-level rise most probably favored the mangrove expansion as far as the topographically highest sector on this island, while the herbaceous vegetation decreased. The pollen data from \xc3\x81gua Preta Lake indicate dry conditions, as reflected by the poor pollen preservation between 390 and 240\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p. Between 240 and 60\xc2\xa0cal\xc2\xa0yr b.p., restinga and Amazon coastal forest with palms dominated this region. For the last 120\xc2\xa0years, the record indicates an expansion of the mangrove area. However, recent confinement of mangrove development to the topographically highest area, and the loss of mangrove areas on the lowest surfaces have led to a net loss of mangrove coverage during the last decades.'

'Colonization dynamics of woody species into grasslands in Neotropical savannas are determined by two main factors: plant-available moisture and fire. Considering seasonality of precipitation and high fire frequency in these ecosystems, vegetative reproduction has been suggested as the main regeneration strategy in woody species. This study examined seasonal variations in water relations and photosynthesis in juveniles of two tree species with contrasting regeneration strategies: Palicourea rigida (sexual reproduction) and Casearia sylvestris (asexual reproduction). The studied species showed similar transpiration rates to deep-rooted adult evergreen tree species during the rainy period, suggesting little water availability limitations on surface soil layers. P. rigida juveniles significantly decreased their leaf water potentials from wet to dry seasons. In C. sylvestris resprouts, there were no seasonal differences in their predawn water potentials and gas exchange parameters, indicating a water deficit avoidance characteristic derived from their connections to deep-rooted adult counterparts allowing access to moist soil at depth even during the drought period. P. rigida rely on strict control of water losses and turgor maintenance through elastic cell walls during the dry season. The iso-hydric behavior of gas exchange and most water relations parameters in C. sylvestris enable turgor maintenance during the dry season which also gives the possibility to achieve foliar expansion under water-stressed conditions for shallow-rooted plants. Nevertheless, in absence of water deficits, P. rigida had the advantage to be physiologically independent individuals, showing an equal or even superior photosynthetic performance that eventually could be translated into a more favorable whole-plant carbon balance and higher growth rates in wet habitats.'

'As climate model uncertainties remain very large for future rainfall in the Sahel, a multi-centennial perspective is required to assess the situation of current Sahel climate in the context of global warming. We present here the first record of hydroclimatic variability over the past 1600\xc2\xa0years in Senegal, obtained from stable oxygen isotope analyses (\xce\xb418O) in archaeological shell middens from the Saloum Delta. During the preindustrial period, the region was relatively humid, with maximum humidity reached during the period from AD 1500 to AD 1800, referred to as the Little Ice Age. A significant negative link is observed at the centennial scale between global temperature and humidity in the Sahel that is at odds with the expected effects of latitudinal shifts of the intertropical convergence zone during the last millennium. In the context of the past 1600\xc2\xa0years, the Western Sahel appears to be experiencing today unprecedented drought conditions. The rapid aridification that started ca. AD 1800 and the recent emergence of Sahel drought from the natural variability point to an anthropogenic forcing of Sahel drying trend. This new long-term perspective suggests that the recovery of Sahel rainfall in the last decade may only result from short-term internal variability, and supports climate models that predict an increase of Sahel drought under future greenhouse climate.'

'Mites and ticks (Acari) have been found in a variety of archaeological situations. Their identification has enabled data on habitat and dietary preferences to be obtained, and these have been used to interpret study sites. Despite this, Acari are not routinely considered in analyses in the way that other environmental components are. Like forensic science, archaeology draws on biological material to rebuild past human activity, and acarology has the potential to provide a much greater amount of evidence to both than is currently the case. As an aid to workers in these fields, an overview is presented of the Acari that have been extracted from archaeological samples, the situations in which they were found and the contribution their presence can make to the interpretation of sites.'

"\nFive concurrent systems of agricultural resource management in the Viru Valley in Peru's arid northern coastal plain are discussed as adjustments to microenvironmental variations in soil humidity. Widespread dependence on canal irrigation in an environment characterized by uncertainty in the availability of river water affects the agrarian population in several ways. The upper socioeconomic class has adapted to uncertainty by implementing a deviation-counteracting mechanism (tubular wells) that provides water on demand, giving them flexibility in choice of agricultural activities. Another class of farmers is unable to introduce this mechanism, however, and consequently must depend on a repertoire of inflexible decisions to cope with uncertainty. Each group exploits different opportunity costs to increase economic gain. One pattern provides for expansion, whereas the other at best establishes stability and maintenance. Noncanal techniques permit expansion of cultivation in conditions where canal irrigation is not feasible, thereby improving the overall level of effectiveness of resource use. Alternative techniques do not involve regulatory mechanisms nor do they require complex, interlocking social, economic, and political components. Their presence and persistence in the agricultural system provide variation that may ultimately be amplified as the need to intensify resource exploitation increases in the future."

'This article aims to map scientific production and cooperation networks on the theme of certified coffee in the Scopus and Web of Science databases for the period from 2009 to 2019. To this end, bibliometric analysis tools are used\xe2\x80\x94collaborative networks, co-citation, co-authorship and bibliographic coupling\xe2\x80\x94on a set of 209 articles from Scopus and 306 articles from the Web of Science database. The results of this study allow us to conclude that although the scientific production on coffee and certification has increased in Scopus and Web of Science during the last decade, the research on the theme has a low prevalence of collaborative networks and is concentrated in a small number of journals. It is noteworthy that environmental and sustainability studies play a leading role, while there is a scarcity of studies in the economic area.'

Abstract not available

'To determine the most important production constraints and associated yield losses for six major food crops in 13 farming systems with high poverty in Sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia and East Asia, surveys were conducted with 672 experts representing a diversity of backgrounds and experience. Respondents reported large gaps between highest achieved crop yield on smallholder farms and average yield on farm. Yield gaps were smallest for rice (about 60% of current average smallholder farm grain yields), mid size for wheat and cassava, and larger (sometimes double current farm yields) for sorghum, cowpea and chickpea. Gaps were also smaller in the high input and yield farming systems of East Asia and largest in the marginal, drier systems, particularly in Sub-Saharan Africa. Four categories of production constraint (abiotic, biotic, management and socio-economic) were considered important contributors to yield gaps. A diversity of specific constraints was reported for the crops in the different systems. The most severe and widespread specific constraints for wheat involved the deficiency, high cost and poor management of N fertilizer, and problems associated with drought stress at grain filling, mid season drought and irrigation management. Those for rice included N fertilizer problems, soil fertility depletion, various leaf, stem and head pests and diseases, weed competition and inadequate water management. Striga and weed competition, soil resource degradation, poor soil fertility management, and drought were the most severe specific constraints for sorghum. Insect pests of pod, leaf, stem and flower and the high cost of their control dominated the constraint set for cowpea. Helicoverpa pod borer, Botrytis grey mould and control costs were the most severe for chickpea. Unsuitable varieties/poor seed, soil infertility and fertilizer constraints were also widespread with the legumes. Marketing problems and lack of finance were concerns for cassava along with weed competition, African cassava mosaic virus and poor varieties/planting materials. The findings can help to inform priority setting for international agricultural research and development activities on important food crops in major farming systems occupying areas of high poverty.'

'Background\nCampylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli are food-borne pathogens of great importance and feature prominently in the etiology of developing world enteritis and travellers\xe2\x80\x99 diarrhoea. Increasing antimicrobial resistant Campylobacter prevalence has been described globally, yet data from Peru is limited. Our objective was to describe the prevalence trends of fluoroquinolone and macrolide-resistant C. jejuni and C. coli stool isolates from three regions in Peru over a ten-year period.MethodsSurveillance for enteric pathogens was conducted in Lima, Iquitos and Cusco between 2001 and 2010. Campylobacter stool isolates were tested for susceptibilities to ciprofloxacin, azithromycin and erythromycin. Susceptibilities were reviewed for 4652 isolates from Lima ( n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x893419), Iquitos ( n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x89625) and Cusco ( n\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x89608).ResultsComparing the study periods of 2001-2005 and 2006-2010, prevalence of ciprofloxacin-resistant C. jejuni isolates rose in the study areas of Lima (73.1% to 89.8%, p\xe2\x80\x89<\xe2\x80\x890.001) and Iquitos (24.1% to 48.9%, p\xe2\x80\x89<\xe2\x80\x890.001). Ciprofloxacin-resistant C. coli rates also increased in Lima (48.1% to 87.4%, p\xe2\x80\x89<\xe2\x80\x890.001) and Cusco (10.0% to 65.9%, p\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.005). Small but significant increases in azithromycin-resistant and erythromycin-resistant C. jejuni prevalence were noted in Iquitos (2.2% to 14.9%, p\xe2\x80\x89<\xe2\x80\x890.001; 3.2% to 14.9%, p\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.002), and erythromycin-resistant C. coli rates increased in Lima (0.0% to 5.3%, p\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.038). The prevalence of C. jejuni isolates resistant to both ciprofloxacin and azithromycin increased in Iquitos (0.3% to 14.9%, p\xe2\x80\x89<\xe2\x80\x890.001) and Lima (0.3% to 1.6%, p\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.011), and prevalence of C. jejuni isolates resistant to both ciprofloxacin and erythromycin rose in Iquitos (0.0% to 14.9%, p\xe2\x80\x89<\xe2\x80\x890.001). Ciprofloxacin and erythromycin resistant C. coli prevalence increased in Lima (0.0% to 5.3%, p\xe2\x80\x89=\xe2\x80\x890.034).ConclusionsThese results have implications for the empirical management of enterocolitis in Peru. Ongoing surveillance is essential to guide appropriate antimicrobial use in this setting. Local epidemiological studies to explore the relationship between increasing antimicrobial resistance and agricultural or human antibiotic use may be valuable.'

'The coastal zone has changed profoundly during the 20th century and, as a result, society is becoming increasingly vulnerable to the impact of sea-level rise and variability. This demands improved understanding to facilitate appropriate planning to minimise potential losses. With this in mind, the World Climate Research Programme organised a workshop (held in June 2006) to document current understanding and to identify research and observations required to reduce current uncertainties associated with sea-level rise and variability. While sea levels have varied by over 120\xc2\xa0m during glacial/interglacial cycles, there has been little net rise over the past several millennia until the 19th century and early 20th century, when geological and tide-gauge data indicate an increase in the rate of sea-level rise. Recent satellite-altimeter data and tide-gauge data have indicated that sea levels are now rising at over 3\xc2\xa0mm\xc2\xa0year\xe2\x88\x921. The major contributions to 20th and 21st century sea-level rise are thought to be a result of ocean thermal expansion and the melting of glaciers and ice caps. Ice sheets are thought to have been a minor contributor to 20th century sea-level rise, but are potentially the largest contributor in the longer term. Sea levels are currently rising at the upper limit of the projections of the Third Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (TAR IPCC), and there is increasing concern of potentially large ice-sheet contributions during the 21st century and beyond, particularly if greenhouse gas emissions continue unabated. A suite of ongoing satellite and in situ observational activities need to be sustained and new activities supported. To the extent that we are able to sustain these observations, research programmes utilising the resulting data should be able to significantly improve our understanding and narrow projections of future sea-level rise and variability.'

'Temporal and regional variations in psychological processes have been associated with three geological factors. They are geochemical profiles, geomagnetic variations, and tectonic stresses. In the geochemical domain, copper, aluminum, zinc, and lithium may influence the incidence of thought disorders such as schizophrenia and senile dementia. These common elements are found in many soils and ground water. Geomagnetic variations have been correlated with enhanced anxiety, sleep disturbances, altered moods, and greater incidences of psychiatric admissions. The effects are usually brief but pervasive. Transient and very local epidemics of bizarre and unusual behaviors are sociological phenomena that sometimes precede increases in earthquake activity within a region; they have been hypothesized to be associated with tectonic strain. Many of the contemporary correlations between geological factors and human behavior are also apparent within historical data. The effects of geophysical and geochemical factors upon human behavior are not artifactual, but they are complex and often not detected by the limited scope of most studies.'

'The proposed concept of the \xe2\x80\x9cmarine coastal zone\xe2\x80\x9d (MCZ) is substantiated with considering the role of the neotectonics in the formation and evolution of the corresponding morphologic system using the Antarctic Peninsula as an example. For this purpose, the results of the immediate geologic-geomorphologic observations are correlated with an original schematic neotectonic map compiled for the region in question. It is shown that neotectonic movements are responsible for the block structure of the coastal zone representing its most stable element, which is complicated by subsequent regional exogenic coast-forming processes with the glacial one being dominant. Other aspects of the marine coastal zone influenced by neotectonics are also considered. A new (near-polar) type of the marine coastal zone is defined.'

'\nPuccinia psidii causes a rust disease on a broad range of hosts in the Myrtaceae and Heteropyxidaceae. It is native to South America where it can cause severe disease in eucalypt plantations and other introduced Myrtaceae. The pathogen has recently expanded its geographical range to Hawaii, increasing concerns about the potential for an incursion in Australia. This paper reviews the taxonomy, biology, impact and options for control of P. psidii. It also discusses the probable impact if an incursion were to occur in Australia and the preparations that must be made to mitigate adverse consequences.'

"The objective of this case study was to test the effectiveness of biocontrol for the rehabilitation of abandoned, diseased (moniliasis, witches' broom and black pod) cocoa and to develop testable hypotheses regarding the effect of shade and biocontrol timing. Three trial fields differed in their shade regimes. Biocontrol was administered starting either at flowering or pod filling. Disease incidence and yield were compared with cultural control alone. Biocontrol reduced moniliasis from 49% to 25%, independent of the shading regime and application time. Witches' broom was most severe without shade and unaffected by biocontrol. No significant effects on black pod were observed. Although biocontrol increased percentage healthy fruit independent of shading and timing, only the shaded plot with biocontrol from flowering onwards responded with increased yield. Our hypothesis is: 'In the rehabilitation of abandoned cacao, only fields under sustainable shade management and early onset of biocontrol can realise their production potential.'"

'We performed a gap analysis of protected area networks in Italy to assess the representativeness of potential natural vegetation (PNV) types of the European Natura 2000 network compared with the National Protected Area network. In this context, the PNV map, reflecting the diversity and spatial arrangement of the natural terrestrial ecosystems, can be considered as an appropriate proxy of environmental and biogeographical diversity of Italy. In this country, 775 protected areas are registered in the Official List of Protected Areas (OLPA), 2281 sites are listed as Sites of Community Interest and 590 as Special Protection Areas, constituting the Natura 2000 network. The adopted conservation target considered that any PNV type included for less than the 10% in the PAs network (OLPA, Natura 2000) was defined as a gap in the system. In particular we defined four categories of PNV protection: any PNV types with a representation of less than 10% in both the OLPA and N2000 was defined as a \xe2\x80\x9ctotal gap\xe2\x80\x9d (i.e., under-protected); any PNV type with a representation of less than 10% in either the OLPA or the N2000 was defined as a \xe2\x80\x9cpartial gap\xe2\x80\x9d; any PNV type with a representation of between 10 and 50% in both the OLPA and N2000 was defined as \xe2\x80\x9cprotected\xe2\x80\x9d; lastly, any PNV type with a representation of more than 50% in both the OLPA and N2000 was defined as \xe2\x80\x9cwidely-protected\xe2\x80\x9d. Digital overlays of PNV and PAs networks were separately performed and statistics produced, indicating the current state of protection of Potential Natural Vegetation types in the two networks (OLPA and Natura 2000). We found that more than 59% of PNV types recognized on the Italian territory is not protected by the OLPA network. On the contrary, regarding Natura 2000 network, 68% of PNV types are protected, accounting for 27% more than OLPA. Compared to the National network of OLPA, the European network Natura 2000 is characterized by a larger percentage of territory in terms of area (18% of the Italian territory for Natura 2000 vs 10% of OLPA) but also by a smaller size of the sites, allowing for a more coherent distribution and efficiency in the protection of habitat remnants (68% PNV types protected by Natura 2000 vs 41% by OLPA). The proposed PNV approach can help guiding decisions on where and how to spend scarce conservation management resources.'

'A well-known facet of ecosystems is that the edges\xe2\x80\x94the boundaries or transitions from one ecosystem to another\xe2\x80\x94often exhibit high levels of species richness or biodiversity. These transitional areas often show features of species composition, structure, and function representative of the ecosystems they transcend, as well as having their own unique array of species and characteristics. Cultural transitional areas\xe2\x80\x94zones where two or more cultures converge and interact\xe2\x80\x94are similarly rich and diverse in cultural traits, exhibiting cultural and linguistic features of each of the contributing peoples. This results in an increase in cultural capital, and resilience, by providing a wider range of traditional ecological knowledge and wisdom on which to draw, especially in times of stress and change. We propose that indigenous peoples whose living territories traverse ecological edges have a correspondingly increased access to economically important resources and therefore have a greater capacity for flexibility. Finally, we suggest that indigenous peoples are drawn to areas having a high incidence of ecological edges, and furthermore, that they actively create and maintain ecological edges. This practice provides them with a greater diversity of cultural capital and helps to maintain their flexibility and resilience. Examples from several regions of Canada are provided, from the southern interior of British Columbia, to the Lake Winnipeg watershed of Manitoba and Ontario, to James Bay.'

'An international scientific conflict has arisen around the International Stratigraphic Scale, the main document that regulates the rules of reading of geological records and, hence, concerns all Earth sciences. The matter of debate is the geological time scale of 2004, developed by the International Commission on Stratigraphy, where the Quaternary system was abandoned. This ICS decision triggered a protest among Quaternary geologists, members of INQUA, and became the subject of much controversy. This article provides a comprehensive analysis of the Quaternary problem and proposes a reasonable scientific solution that may be appropriate for both parties.The subject of Late Cenozoic geology is discussed: glaciations, human evolution, and recent deposits. In contrast to Charles Lyell\xe2\x80\x99s definition of the Plio-Pleistocene according to the percentage of modern mollusk species, it is defined here as a blanket formation, which is correlative to the topography and consists of mapped stratogens hosting fossils of modern biogeocenoses. Features of the description of the Plio-Pleistocene in terms of gravitational orbital tuning are considered. Four paleogeographic phases of modern environment evolution are recognized and ranked as stages: (1) The Messinian evolutionary explosion involved the appearance of many biogeocenoses and the bipedal walking of our extinct ancestors armed with sticks. It was a consequence of the Early Greenland (7.6 Ma BP) and Patagonian (6.7 Ma BP) hyperglaciations. (2) The Zanclean age is marked by climatic and hydrological but not evolutionary boundaries. (3) The appearance of the Villafranchian animal assemblage and Australopithecus, who used stones as weapon: 4.0\xe2\x80\x933.6 Ma BP. Orogeny and isolation of the Arctic Ocean changed the global climate dramatically. (4) The sexual revolution became the third evolutionary jump: the appearance of the first woman, \xe2\x80\x9cEve\xe2\x80\x9d, and the genus Homo with her: 1.9 Ma BP.According to the current view, the Plio-Pleistocene, as defined by Lyell, consists of nineteen chronozones, four stages and two series. Hence, it is a true system, Pliocene-Pleistocene = Hologene, with a GSSP at 7.6 Ma BP, complying with all rules of scientific stratigraphical subdivision, rather than the mere beginning of the archaic Quaternary pseudo system with GSSPs at 1.8 or 2.6 Ma BP'

'Research published in this special issue on cocoa agroforestry illustrates the multifunctional role of shade trees for sustaining cocoa production and improving farmers\xe2\x80\x99 livelihoods, and addresses tradeoffs between higher cocoa yield and the provision of ecosystem services to local households and global society. Indeed, the use of diverse shade in cocoa cultivation is threatened by a new drive towards crop intensification. The removal of shade trees diminishes smallholders\xe2\x80\x99 ability to adapt to global change driven by demographic pressure, food insecurity, cocoa price volatility and climate change. Some forms of crop intensification may reduce ecological resilience of cocoa production systems, making adaptation strategies, combining shade trees with innovative management practices, essential for sustaining cocoa yield. Managing trade-offs between yield and environmental services at the cocoa plot and landscape scales requires a multi-disciplinary approach to identify key management options that goes beyond the artificially polarized debates around intensified versus traditional agroforestry practices, or more generally, land-sparing versus land-sharing strategies. The global challenge facing the cocoa sector today is how to increase cocoa production to meet growing demand, without expanding the area under cocoa. This means finding sustainable ways to maintain cocoa production within today\xe2\x80\x99s producing regions, particularly West Africa, through a series of technical innovations geared towards smallholders. Inappropriate intensification may result in heavy deforestation on new pioneer fronts, such as the Congo basin, and existing cocoa being replaced either by other agricultural commodities, or by less resilient and less environmentally friendly production practices.'

'The Pannonian Basin (Central Europe) hosts numerous alkali basaltic volcanic fields in an area similar to 200 000 km2. These volcanic fields were formed in an approximate time span of 8 million years producing smallvolume volcanoes typically considered to be monogenetic. Polycyclic monogenetic volcanic complexes are also common in each field however. The original morphology of volcanic landforms, especially phreatomagmatic volcanoes, is commonly modified. by erosion, commonly aided by tectonic uplift. The phreatomagmatic volcanoes eroded to the level of their sub-surface architecture expose crater to conduit filling as well as diatreme facies of pyroclastic rock assemblages. Uncertainties due to the strong erosion influenced by tectonic uplifts, fast and broad climatic changes, vegetation cover variations, and rapidly changing fluvio-lacustrine events in the past 8 million years in the Pannonian Basin have created a need to reconstruct and visualise the paleoenvironment into which the monogenetic volcanoes erupted. Here phreatomagmatic volcanic fields of the Miocene to Pleistocene western Hungarian alkali basaltic province have been selected and compared with modern phreatomagmatic fields. It has been concluded that the Auckland Volcanic Field (AVF) in New Zealand could be viewed as a prime modern analogue for the western Hungarian phreatomagmatic fields by sharing similarities in their pyroclastic successions textures such as pyroclast morphology, type, juvenile particle ratio to accidental lithics. Beside the AVF two other, morphologically more modified volcanic fields (Pali Aike, Argentina and Jeju, Korea) show similar features to the western Hungarian examples, highlighting issues such as preservation potential of pyroclastic successions of phreatomagmatic volcanoes.'

'In recent years, new tools for funding nature conservation have been designed. Because poverty is often significant in areas with high biodiversity, the improvement of local livelihoods is frequently considered as a secondary goal of new financing mechanisms besides nature conservation. The buffer zone of the Podocarpus National Park in Ecuador is such a high biodiversity zone. In this paper, we compare the cost-effectiveness and development potential of three different mechanisms to finance nature conservation implemented in this buffer zone, namely (a) an organic coffee label, (b) the Socio Bosque Program, a nationwide payment scheme for private forest conservation, and (c) FORAGUA, a regional water fund. This paper describes the functioning and the scope of the mechanisms and analyses their environmental and socio-economic impacts which are compared to the total costs. Results show that the water fund has the highest additionality in ecosystem service provision, while the payment scheme is the most cost-effective both for current as for increased ecosystem service provision and for extra rural job creation. Organic coffee certification has the highest positive impact on rural income creation.'

"This article argues for the importance of murals as cultural texts, consciously formed to entertain, influence, and solidify local and transnational communities. In 1974, two teams of artists painted two legendary murals in San Francisco's Mission District: In \xe2\x80\x9cHomage to Sique\xc3\xadros,\xe2\x80\x9d the trio of male muralists presented themselves as heirs to famed Mexican muralists in order to solidify their indictment of conditions in the Americas and counter the participatory role of their patron, the Bank of America. In \xe2\x80\x9cLatino America,\xe2\x80\x9d the female muralists rejected the Chicano Movement's emphasis on Mexican masters and declared a new feminist, collaborative iconography. Although the murals were dissimilar in terms of gender, approach, and aesthetics, the muralists were joined in their desire to unite the local Latino community through their depictions of a shared homeland, or an imagined Latin America. This article highlights the aesthetic, cultural, political, gendered, and regional dimensions of Latino identities through the lens of mural creation."

Abstract not available

'This paper reviews recent achievements in sustainability science and discusses the research core and framework of sustainability science. We analyze and organize papers published in three selected core journals of sustainability science: Sustainability Science, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, and Sustainability: Science, Practice, & Policy. Papers are organized into three categories: sustainability and its definition, domain-oriented research, and a research framework for sustainability science. First, we provide a short history and define the basic characteristics of sustainability; then we review current efforts in the following research domains: climate, biodiversity, agriculture, fishery, forestry, energy and resources, water, economic development, health, and lifestyle. Finally, we propose a research framework for sustainability science that includes the following components: goal setting, indicator setting, indicator measurement, causal chain analysis, forecasting, backcasting, and problem\xe2\x80\x93solution chain analysis. We emphasize the importance of this last component for improving situations and attaining goals.'

'\nMinthostachys (Benth.) Spach (Labiatae) from Andean South America was long held to be closely related to Macaronesian Bystropogon L\xe2\x80\x99H\xc3\xa9r. or to North American Pycnanthemum Michx. The possibility of a close relationship to elements of South American Satureja/Clinopodium s.l. is here proposed for the first time, and a phylogenetic analysis of nrITS data is employed to test the competing hypotheses. For Minthostachys and its putative closest relatives, the possible evolution of morphological characters is investigated with a cladistic analysis. The results suggest that Minthostachys is nested in a clade of South American Mentheae, and probably in the former genus Xenopoma Willd., a group of small-flowered, bee-pollinated species currently included in Clinopodium L.. Minthostachys is considered monophyletic based on nrITS data and its scandent habit.'

'Growth rate, resource partitioning, and several biological traits related to biological N2 fixation for six native or non-native tree species were compared using 15N isotope dilution techniques. The trees were field grown for six years in a semiarid mediterranean-climate region with five to six months a year of absolute drought. Trees were tested as candidates for new agroforestry systems being developed in central Chile to improve soil fertility and land \xe2\x80\x98health\xe2\x80\x99, while also increasing productivity and profitability for landowners and animal breeders. Four nitrogen-fixing legume trees (NFTs) were tested: Acacia caven (Mol.) Mol.Prosopis alba Griseb., P. chilensis (Mol.) Steuntz. emend. Burk., and Tagasaste ( Chamaecytisus proliferus L.f. subsp. palmensis (Christ.)Kunkel). Additional, non-nitrogen-fixing trees were the slow-growing native Huing\xc3\xa1n (Schinus polygamus (Cav.) Caberera and the fast-growing European Ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.). Among the NFTs, highly contrasting patterns in biological nitrogen fixation (BNF) were detected, for Ndfa (proportion of N derived from atmosphere), nodule efficiency (NE = gN fixed g\xe2\x88\x921 nodules), and N content in leaves, stems and roots. Tagasaste produced 2.5\xe2\x80\x9325 times more biomass and fixed 4.5 to 30 times more atmospheric nitrogen than the South American Acacia and Prosopis species. Ndfa reached 250 g plant\xe2\x88\x921 in Tagastaste, in the sixth year, with NE = maximum 2.68 in the 4th year, and 1.12 in the 6th year. In contrast, Acacia caven had by far the highest NE of the four NFTs \xe2\x80\x93 12.13 in the 4th year and 6.6 in the 6th year. Whereas BNF in Tagasaste peaked in the fourth year, and declined thereafter, BNF in Acacia caven increased steadily over six years. Fraxinus excelsiorand Schinus polygamus had growth rates and biomass accumulation intermediate between that of Tagasaste and the South American NFTs.Results are discussed in relation to agroforestry, restoration of soil fertility, and ecological and economic rehabilitation of damaged ecosystems and landscapes.'

'We studied the variation in the electrophoretic mobility of phaseolins of 202 individual seeds from thirty-eight wild populations of Lima beans (Phaseolus lunatus) in the Central Valley of Costa Rica. We found four main polypeptides or banding regions with molecular weights which ranged from 21.5 to 31 kDaltons. Two of these peptides were polymorphic, and their combination resulted in four distinct genotypes. The frequency of the different genotypes varies among populations, but two of them, namely B11C11, B22C22, were found in most of the populations studied (37 out of 38 populations examined). Overall, there was a lack of heterozygotes among the individuals examined, which strongly suggests that there is gametic disequilibrium for the encoding regions involved in the synthesis of these polypeptides. When we arranged the populations into eight groups according to their proximity and phenology, we found that the distribution of the peptides was also variable among them. The possible association between the distribution of the patterns of electrophoretic mobility observed and climatic factors, such as mean annual rainfall, mean annual temperature and mean annual relative humidity is discussed.'

'Allozyme variation was examined in three pejibaye (Bactris gasipaes) populations introduced into Hawaii for use in heart-of-palm improvement: Benjamin Constant (Putumayo landrace), San Carlos (Guatuso landrace) and Yurimaguas (Pampa Hermosa landrace). Nine enzymes encoded by 16 putative loci with a total of 38 alleles were resolved from meristem extract. Five loci were fixed in all populations, four additional loci were fixed in SC and one additional locus in BC. Six of the 38 alleles were rare, with three unique to BC and one to Y; two moderately high frequency alleles were unique to SC. Mean number of alleles per locus was lowest (1.6) in SC, with BC and Y having 2.1 alleles. Percentage of polymorphic loci was lowest in SC (44) and highest in Y (69). Observed heterozygosity was lowest in SC (0.051) and BC (0.066) and highest in Y (0.141). Nei\xe2\x80\x99s genetic identity was 0.985 between BC and Y and averaged 0.952 between SC and BC-Y. The low heterozygosities are probably due to a long history of selection and inbreeding (sib-mating) during the domestication process, followed by intensive recent selection for spinelessness and more inbreeding. All populations are very closely related, suggesting a single domestication event in Amazonia.'

Abstract not available

'BackgroundTriatomine bugs are responsible for the vectorial transmission of the parasite Trypanosoma cruzi, the etiological agent of Chagas disease, a zoonosis affecting 10 million people and with 25 million at risk of infection. Triatomines are associated with particular habitats that offer shelter and food. Several triatomine species of the genus Rhodnius have a close association with palm crowns, where bugs can obtain microclimatic stability and blood from the associated fauna. The Rhodnius-palm interaction has been reported in several places of Central and South America. However, the association in the distributions of Rhodnius species and palms has not been explicitly determined.MethodsNiches of Rhodnius and palm species with reports of Rhodnius spp. infestation were estimated by minimum volume ellipsoids and compared in the environmental and the geographical space to identify niche similarity. Rhodnius spp. niche models were run with the palm distributions as environmental variables to determine if palm presence could be considered a predictor of Rhodnius spp. distributions, improving model performance.ResultsNiche similarity was found between all the studied Rhodnius and palm species showing variation in niche overlap among the involved species. Most of the areas with suitable conditions for Rhodnius species were also suitable to palm species, being favorable for more than one palm species in the majority of locations. Performance was similar in Rhodnius niche models with and without palm distributions. However, when palm distributions were included, their contribution to the model was high, being the most important variable in some Rhodnius spp.ConclusionsTo our knowledge, this is the first time that the distributions of Rhodnius and palm species were compared on a large scale and their spatial association explicitly studied. We found spatial association between Rhodnius and palm species can be explained because both organisms shared environmental requirements, and most of the areas with suitable conditions for Rhodnius species were also suitable to several palm species. Rhodnius presence would not be restricted to palm presence but the zones with palm presence could be more suitable for Rhodnius spp. presence. '

'The global urban population is increasing rapidly, but patterns of urban expansion differ greatly among countries. Urban transition theory predicts that the shift from low to high urbanization depends on a country\xe2\x80\x99s history and level of economic development. This study describes urban expansion in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia between 1992 and 2009. Urban dynamics were analyzed by combining nighttime lights and census data from 4032 municipalities. High-lit areas (>52\xe2\x80\x9363 pixel values) were correlated with urban populations across municipalities and years (R\n2\xc2\xa0>\xc2\xa00.90). Analyses showed that between 1992 and 2009 Bolivia and Ecuador had rapid population growth and rapidly increasing high-lit areas, while Peru and Colombia had lower rates of population growth and urbanization (i.e., expansion of high-lit areas). We demonstrate how nighttime lights can be a useful tool, providing a homogeneous platform for multi-scale analyses of urban growth.'

'This systematic review aims to synthesize how agent-based modeling (ABM) has been used in migration and modern slavery research and provide the basis to model development for social science researchers exploring the use of ABM. We searched five bibliographic databases using two terminology categories: (1) migration or modern slavery terminology; (2) complex system methods terminology. Two reviewers conducted independent article screening. Peer-reviewed articles presenting original migration or modern slavery ABMs were included. Data extraction included model development steps and model characteristics. The dataset was synthesized and compared across studies. We identified 28 articles for inclusion. Many of the ABMs tested theories and about half were based on empirical data. Model development varied considerably and reported methods were extremely opaque. Only five studies used a structured development framework. The most common model involved agents deciding whether and where to migrate and attempting migration. Climate change was a common exogenous scenario modeled. Most of the ABMs did not undergo any sensitivity analysis or validation.ABM has a greater capacity to account for heterogeneous and dynamic decision-making than more frequently applied methods in research on migration and modern slavery. However, there is still a paucity of studies adopting ABM methods. These reviewed ABMs highlight gaps in the reporting and implementing of model development. ABM is a promising technique to address many urgent and complex questions in research on migration and modern slavery to better support decision-makers, but addressing current methodological gaps is a critical first step.'

'Voluntary agreements (VAs) negotiated between environmental regulators and polluters are increasingly popular in developing countries. According to proponents, they can sidestep weak institutions and other pervasive barriers to conventional mandatory regulation in such countries. Yet little is known about the drivers of their use and their effectiveness in poor countries. The considerable literature on voluntary initiatives in industrialized countries, where both VAs and socioeconomic conditions differ, may not apply. Using a conceptual framework drawn from the economics literature, we examine four prominent VAs in Colombia, a global leader in the use of this policy. We find that the main motive for using VAs has been to build capacity needed for broader environmental regulatory reform and that partly as a result, VAs\xe2\x80\x99 additional effect on environmental performance has been limited. These findings contrast with those from industrialized country studies, which typically conclude VAs are used as a low-cost substitute for impending mandatory regulation and have few benefits because of weak regulatory pressure. Our findings suggest that in developing countries, VAs may be best suited to capacity building, not environmental management per se.'

'\nPodocnemis lewyana is an endangered endemic river turtle of Colombia. Using ten unlinked polymorphic microsatellite loci and a 691-bp-long DNA fragment corresponding to the more variable portion of the mitochondrial control region, we investigated genetic diversity and population structure throughout its range. Both neutral markers showed extremely low diversity and weak population differentiation. Our data indicate that the genetic history of P. lewyana has been impacted by multiple bottlenecks and population expansion since the Pleistocene. The observed differentiation pattern is most likely the result of historically low genetic variation resulting from restricted geographic range and aggravated by recent anthropogenically induced bottlenecks. Based on slight differences in allele frequencies among populations, we suggest that three regions should be treated as demographically independent Management Units in order to preserve maximal genetic diversity: (1) the Upper Magdalena River Basin, (2) the Lower Magdalena\xc2\xa0+\xc2\xa0Lower Cauca\xc2\xa0+\xc2\xa0San Jorge River Basins, and (3) the Sin\xc3\xba River Basin. Among the Management Units, only low to moderate levels of gene flow were detected; these are largely unidirectional from Management Units 1 and 3 into Management Unit 2.'

'Molecular markers offer a universal source of data for quantifying biodiversity. DNA barcoding uses a standardized genetic marker and a curated reference database to identify known species and to reveal cryptic diversity within well-sampled clades. Rapid biological inventories, e.g. rapid assessment programs (RAPs), unlike most barcoding campaigns, are focused on particular geographic localities rather than on clades. Because of the potentially sparse phylogenetic sampling, the addition of DNA barcoding to RAPs may present a greater challenge for the identification of named species or for revealing cryptic diversity. In this article we evaluate the use of DNA barcoding for quantifying lineage diversity within a single sampling site as compared to clade-based sampling, and present examples from amphibians. We compared algorithms for identifying DNA barcode clusters (e.g. species, cryptic species or Evolutionary Significant Units) using previously published DNA barcode data obtained from geography-based sampling at a site in Central Panama, and from clade-based sampling in Madagascar. We found that clustering algorithms based on genetic distance performed similarly on sympatric as well as clade-based barcode data, while a promising coalescent-based method performed poorly on sympatric data. The various clustering algorithms were also compared in terms of speed and software implementation. Although each method has its shortcomings in certain contexts, we recommend the use of the ABGD method, which not only performs fairly well under either sampling method, but does so in a few seconds and with a user-friendly Web interface.'

'Infanticide is considered a conspicuous expression of sexual conflict amongst mammals, including at least 35 primate species. Here we describe two suspected and one attempted case of intragroup infanticide in spider monkeys that augment five prior cases of observed or suspected infanticide in this genus. Contrary to the typical pattern of infanticide seen in most primate societies, where infants are killed by conspecifics independent of their sex, all eight cases of observed or suspected infanticide in spider monkeys have been directed toward male infants within their first weeks of life. Moreover, although data are still scant, infanticides seem to be perpetrated exclusively by adult males against infants from their own social groups and are not associated with male takeovers or a sudden rise in male dominance rank. Although the slow reproductive cycles of spider monkeys might favor the presence of infanticide because of the potential to shorten females\xe2\x80\x99 interbirth intervals, infanticide is nonetheless uncommon among spider monkeys, and patterns of male-directed infanticide are not yet understood. We suggest that given the potentially close genetic relationships among adult males within spider monkey groups, and the need for males to cooperate with one another in territorial interactions with other groups of related males, infanticide may be expected to occur primarily where the level of intragroup competition among males outweighs that of competition between social groups. Finally, we suggest that infanticide in spider monkeys may be more prevalent than previously thought, given that it may be difficult for observers to witness cases of infanticide or suspected infanticide that occur soon after birth in taxa that are characterized by high levels of fission\xe2\x80\x93fusion dynamics. Early, undetected, male-biased infanticide could influence the composition of spider monkey groups and contribute to the female-biased adult sex ratios often reported for this genus.'

'Background\nTrypanosoma cruzi is the causative agent of Chagas disease. Due to its genetic diversity has been classified into six Discrete Typing Units (DTUs) in association with transmission cycles. In Colombia, natural T. cruzi infection has been detected in 15 triatomine species. There is scarce information regarding the infection rates, DTUs and feeding preferences of secondary vectors. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine T. cruzi infection rates, parasite DTU, ecotopes, insect stages, geographical location and bug feeding preferences across six different triatomine species.MethodsA total of 245 insects were collected in seven departments of Colombia. We conducted molecular detection and genotyping of T. cruzi with subsequent identification of food sources. The frequency of infection, DTUs, TcI genotypes and feeding sources were plotted across the six species studied. A logistic regression model risk was estimated with insects positive for T. cruzi according to demographic and eco-epidemiological characteristics.ResultsWe collected 85 specimens of Panstrongylus geniculatus, 77 Rhodnius prolixus, 37 R. pallescens, 34 Triatoma maculata, 8 R. pictipes and 4\xe2\x80\x89T. dimidiata. The overall T. cruzi infection rate was 61.2% and presented statistical associations with the departments Meta (OR: 2.65; 95% CI: 1.69\xe2\x80\x934.17) and Guajira (OR: 2.13; 95% CI: 1.16\xe2\x80\x933.94); peridomestic ecotope (OR: 2.52: 95% CI: 1.62\xe2\x80\x933.93); the vector species P. geniculatus (OR: 2.40; 95% CI: 1.51\xe2\x80\x933.82) and T. maculata (OR: 2.09; 95% CI: 1.02\xe2\x80\x934.29); females (OR: 2.05; 95% CI: 1.39\xe2\x80\x933.04) and feeding on opossum (OR: 3.15; 95% CI: 1.85\xe2\x80\x9311.69) and human blood (OR: 1.55; 95% CI: 1.07\xe2\x80\x932.24). Regarding the DTUs, we observed TcI (67.3%), TcII (6.7%), TcIII (8.7%), TcIV (4.0%) and TcV (6.0%). Across the samples typed as TcI, we detected TcIDom (19%) and sylvatic TcI (75%). The frequencies of feeding sources were 59.4% (human blood); 11.2% (hen); 9.6% (bat); 5.6% (opossum); 5.1% (mouse); 4.1% (dog); 3.0% (rodent); 1.0% (armadillo); and 1.0% (cow).ConclusionsNew scenarios of T. cruzi transmission caused by secondary and sylvatic vectors are considered. The findings of sylvatic DTUs from bugs collected in domestic and peridomestic ecotopes confirms the emerging transmission scenarios in Colombia.'

'Purpose of ReviewCryptococcal meningitis is the most common fungal infection of the central nervous system and the third most frequent neurological complication in AIDS patients. To understand the Argentinean epidemiology of cryptococcosis, several efforts have been made by the National Reference Laboratory in Clinical Mycology.Recent FindingsIn Argentina, reports of distribution and frequency of Cryptococcus neoformans and Cryptococcus gattii isolates are scarce and very little is known about its circulating genotypes and mating types. The National Mycology Laboratory Network and the National Reference Laboratory in Clinical Mycology joined forces to estimate the prevalence of cryptococcosis and to obtain and to analyse epidemiological data of this important fungal infection.SummaryData presented here were recovered from 1998 to 2016 and represents an approximation to the actual situation of cryptococcosis in Argentina. These results could be useful to design future investigations.'

